Business Home LBoard Ku Nan’s remark shows lack of respect for women, says Maria Chin Minderjeet Kaur Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Boeing scrambles to save big Canada fighter jet deal Reuters | May 20, 2017 Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier. OTTAWA: Boeing Co on Friday rushed to fix a gamble that looks to have gone wrong, with the defense unit of the US plane maker seeking to fend off a Canadian threat to scrap the purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. That move follows Canada’s threat on Thursday that it could ditch its plans to buy the jets if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc dumped jetliners in the US market. Political insiders say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing’s allegations, which comes at a time when trade relations between the United States and Canada are at a low. “Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk,” the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. “However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale.” Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier. “This action is being taken against Bombardier’s pricing practices which are illegal and aggressive. It is a very clear case of dumping,” said spokesman Charlie Miller. One industry source said a senior Boeing official tried to arrange a meeting with Trudeau recently but had been turned down. A Trudeau spokesman declined to comment but said government ministers had not met with Boeing since it launched the Bombardier challenge. Boeing did not immediately reply to a request for comment. Potential winners Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing’s complaint appears valid, “the secondary effects are disastrous.” He said Boeing could lose $10 billion to $20 billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes. Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp, Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts said. The US Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims. “This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say ‘Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,'” said a Canadian defense industry source. Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia. The Boeing saga further increases tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), with the Trump administration on Thursday setting the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations.. Last month Washington slapped anti-dumping duties on Canadian timber, prompting Canada to threaten retaliation. Bombardier is based in the electoral important province of Quebec, where the ruling Liberals say they need to pick up support to be sure of winning federal election in October 2019. Canada unveiled plans to buy the Super Hornets last November as a stop-gap measure while it prepared an open five-year competition to replace its aging fleet of 77 Boeing CF-18 fighter jets. Defense analyst David Perry of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute said one option for Ottawa would be to scrap the idea of a stopgap force and go straight to the permanent competition. The threat against Boeing only complicates a Canadian military procurement system which many analysts say is broken. The previous Conservative government announced in 2010 it would buy 65 Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters in a sole-source contract but after protests, scrapped the decision and announced an open competition that was never held. In the run-up to the November 2015 election that brought the Liberals to power, Trudeau said he would not buy the F-35s on the grounds they were too expensive. His government has since softened its opposition. Military procurement in Canada is handled by both the ministers of defense and public works, neither of whom were immediately available for comment. Boeing’s defense unit is called Defense, Space & Security. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Najib mahu dunia tangani situasi tak bertamadun di Syria, Iraq Trump aims to mend Muslim ties on first foreign trip ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Thinking of Allah at the pagoda New investment scheme collapses within 3 months David Teo: How many times must I apologise? TN50 forum was under control, says Rosyam on slap incident Former High-5 workers face another gloomy Raya PKR Wanita chief Zuraida to relinquish post Zuraida: Puteri Umno should follow Ku Nan’s fashion… Johor royalty dies in accident Caught, Abu Sayyaf man key to kidnappings in Sabah Serang Hannah Yeoh malang buat Malaysia ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Serang Hannah Yeoh malang buat Malaysia Thinking of Allah at the pagoda How about more conviction in our own faith? Pensyarah guna buku Hannah Yeoh jaja kebencian EC’s attempt to diminish our elections Becoming Hannah More... FMT Bahasa Pemuda PKR kecewa, gesa Nik Nazmi letak jawatan AADK: 2,000 sekolah seluruh negara berisiko kegiatan dadah Meja Bulat Asia Pasifik bincang isu keselamatan siber Sultan Nazrin: Peranan efektif sekolah, guru kurang diiktiraf PKR: Mentaliti saling bangkang punca Pakatan Rakyat pecah Puteri Umno boleh sertai PKR jika pakaian jadi isu, Zuraida jawab Ku Nan More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Alert 5 Military Aviation News Search for: Boeing’s complaint on CSeries backfires, Canada threatens cancellation of Super Hornet order Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is upset over Boeing’s attempt to have the U.S. government investigate Bombardier’s sale of CSeries jetliners to Delta airline and has hinted that the Super Hornet deal might be canceled. By Alexandre Gouger (Own work) [CC BY-SA 3.0], via Wikimedia Commons Boeing had told lawmakers that Bombardier is dumping the airliners in the U.S. markets thanks to steep subsidies from the Canadian government. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland retaliated after the hearing by issuing a statement saying that the Canadian government was “reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing.” Click here for the full story Related Posts (Automatically Generated) U.S. official says cancellation of CAPES will not affect Taiwan’s F-16A/B upgrade program Dutch F-35s may have nuclear role India to buy two 777-300ERs for VVIP duties Boeing offers 2009 price for Super Hornet to Brazil again Denmark willing to enforce Libya no-fly zone with 4 F-16s Taiwan to build indigenous UAV rather than buy Global Hawk This entry was posted on Saturday, May 20th, 2017 at 10:15 and is filed under Industry. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Subscribe: Entries | Comments Follow @alert5 May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Categories Air Defense Air Force Airshow Army Boeing Heritage Industry KC-X Marines MMRCA MQ-X Navy PAK-FA Research Space UAV Uncategorized © 2017. Alert 5. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress & SimpleX theme.
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Log In Subscribe Traffic Expect lane closures on Interstate 90 from 11 tonight until 5 a.m. Monday. Boeing & Aerospace Business Economy Boeing warns 279 union members of possible layoff Originally published May 19, 2017 at 6:27 pm Updated May 19, 2017 at 7:31 pm Boeing issued its latest round of 60-day layoff notices Friday, handing out 249 new notices to members of the Machinists union and 30 to members of the engineering union — but the number actually laid off in July may turn out to be considerably less. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter Boeing issued its latest round of 60-day layoff notices Friday, handing out 249 new notices to members of the Machinists union and 30 to members of the engineering union. The company declined to disclose the total number of layoff notices issued Friday, which would include nonunion employees. The number of people actually laid off on July 21 may be considerably less than these figures suggest, however. Boeing must give 60 days’ notice of a layoff by state law, but it may not follow through if enough employees leave due to normal attrition. In that case, some who received the layoff notices may find their jobs are saved. Most Read Stories Seahawk Michael Bennett escalates criticism of ESPN's Stephen A. Smith Why the obituary for Eudocia Tomas Pulido didn’t tell the story of her life in slavery ‘Deadliest Catch’ star Sig Hansen arrested after alleged assault of Uber driver Chris Cornell, leading voice for Soundgarden and Seattle grunge, dies in suicide Dying mother-in-law’s newfound warmth presents dilemma | Dear CarolynUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Friday marked 60 days since the International Association of Machinists got its first batch of 111 layoff notices on March 17, so it was the layoff date for that group of workers. But the number of Machinists actually laid off on Friday was less than 20, because during the past two months some employees have retired, left for other jobs or accepted voluntary buyouts. Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said it’s hard to say now how many of the current batch will be forced out in July. The situation is different for each individual on the layoff list, depending on their seniority and their job classification. “The number actually laid off is usually less, sometimes slightly less, sometimes dramatically less,” Alder said. “Involuntary layoff is always the last option we look at.” A more reliable measure of job losses is Boeing’s monthly running tally of total head count in the state, which tracks the total jobs shed, whether voluntary or involuntary. Boeing has not updated that tally since the end of March. Through that date, the number of Boeing employees in the state was down just less than 2 percent for the year, with 1,241 jobs eliminated. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story Canada says it may drop $2B Boeing fighter deal over CSeries subsidy dispute Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Log In Subscribe Traffic Expect lane closures on Interstate 90 until 5 a.m. Monday. Boeing & Aerospace Business Economy Boeing warns 279 union members of possible layoff Originally published May 19, 2017 at 6:27 pm Updated May 19, 2017 at 7:31 pm Boeing issued its latest round of 60-day layoff notices Friday, handing out 249 new notices to members of the Machinists union and 30 to members of the engineering union — but the number actually laid off in July may turn out to be considerably less. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter Boeing issued its latest round of 60-day layoff notices Friday, handing out 249 new notices to members of the Machinists union and 30 to members of the engineering union. The company declined to disclose the total number of layoff notices issued Friday, which would include nonunion employees. The number of people actually laid off on July 21 may be considerably less than these figures suggest, however. Boeing must give 60 days’ notice of a layoff by state law, but it may not follow through if enough employees leave due to normal attrition. In that case, some who received the layoff notices may find their jobs are saved. Most Read Stories Seahawk Michael Bennett escalates criticism of ESPN's Stephen A. Smith Why the obituary for Eudocia Tomas Pulido didn’t tell the story of her life in slavery ‘Deadliest Catch’ star Sig Hansen arrested after alleged assault of Uber driver Chris Cornell, leading voice for Soundgarden and Seattle grunge, dies in suicide Dying mother-in-law’s newfound warmth presents dilemma | Dear CarolynUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Friday marked 60 days since the International Association of Machinists got its first batch of 111 layoff notices on March 17, so it was the layoff date for that group of workers. But the number of Machinists actually laid off on Friday was less than 20, because during the past two months some employees have retired, left for other jobs or accepted voluntary buyouts. Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said it’s hard to say now how many of the current batch will be forced out in July. The situation is different for each individual on the layoff list, depending on their seniority and their job classification. “The number actually laid off is usually less, sometimes slightly less, sometimes dramatically less,” Alder said. “Involuntary layoff is always the last option we look at.” A more reliable measure of job losses is Boeing’s monthly running tally of total head count in the state, which tracks the total jobs shed, whether voluntary or involuntary. Boeing has not updated that tally since the end of March. Through that date, the number of Boeing employees in the state was down just less than 2 percent for the year, with 1,241 jobs eliminated. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story Canada says it may drop $2B Boeing fighter deal over CSeries subsidy dispute Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar News National More F-35 jets waiting in wings as Liberals’ ‘interim’ Super Hornet purchase in limbo Marie-Danielle Smith  05.19.2017 A Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornet at the Farnborough Airshow in July 2016. The Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II ShareAdjustCommentPrint OTTAWA — The federal government’s suggestion it may trash plans to buy “interim” fighter jets from aerospace giant Boeing Co. may open up a window for F-35 producer Lockheed Martin Corp. to swoop into. Boeing convinced the U.S. Commerce Department and International Trade Commission this week to launch an investigation into much-subsidized Montreal-based Bombardier Inc. for “dumping” commercial airplanes into the U.S. market — a dispute overshadowed by an impending renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland’s subsequent chastening and promise Thursday to review military procurement involving Boeing leaves in limbo Canada’s purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a deal expected to cost $5 billion to $7 billion. A spokeswoman for Lockheed Martin — which, meanwhile, is partnering with Bombardier on a U.S. Air Force procurement — reacted Friday, saying the company “would openly welcome discussions about interim fighter solutions.” Still, said Cindy Tessier, “it would be inappropriate for Lockheed Martin to comment directly on a matter between the Government of Canada and another company.” A government official argued Friday that Freeland couldn’t take a business-as-usual approach with Boeing after its attack — especially because the same processes recently led to new tariffs being imposed on Canadian softwood lumber. An army of lawyers is working on avoiding the same outcome for Canadian aerospace. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau publicly lent his support to Bombardier Friday. But he avoided speculating on alternative options for interim jets. In a statement Friday, Boeing spokesman Dan Curran said the company has a “deep relationship” with Canada and “our case is focused on the Bombardier company, not the country at large.” Curran said “substantial government subsidies have enabled Bombardier’s predatory pricing” in the U.S. In February, the federal government extended a $372.5 million interest-free loan to the company, and last year, for a 49.5-per-cent share, Quebec offered a US$1 billion investment in the CSeries jets with which Boeing takes issue.   A Bombardier statement, meanwhile, said the giant’s accusations are “unfounded” and noted Boeing has “never lost a sale” in competition with the specific planes being targeted. Freeland pointed out many of Bombardier’s suppliers are based in the U.S. and components directly support “high-paying jobs in many U.S. states.” Reuters reported Friday Boeing executives were concerned about the fighter jet deal getting swept up in the commercial plane dispute. Its defence unit was seeking meetings with Canadian officials to smooth the waters. In addition to Lockheed Martin, other potential winners include rival makers of jets Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts told Reuters. David Perry, senior analyst with the Canadian Global Affairs Institute, said Canada’s posturing on a review or delay to the fighter jet purchase is hard to square with its insistence a capability gap urgently needs addressing. “It seems more like a negotiating ploy, potentially,” he said. Reacting to the Boeing statement, Conservative defence critic James Bezan told reporters, “if the government is so blatantly willing to throw away the contract, it says to me that there is no capability gap, that they imagined it right from the start .… The government is looking for a way to get out of that commitment.” Canada had announced the intention to explore the purchase of Boeing aircraft last November and defence minister Harjit Sajjan locked in that position in February, saying overtly: “we are buying new Super Hornets.” The government said it would launch an open competition for a full fleet before the next federal election. Years of indecision have delayed the replacement of the current aging fleet. Liberals backed away from a Harper government decision to purchase Lockheed Martin jets (though acknowledging the company’s right to bid in a competition) despite Canada’s continued participation in the Joint Strike Fighter program along with the U.S. Perry said he believes the “interim purchase first, competition later” approach will be more costly in the long run. But he noted Liberals have repeatedly doubled down on the plan, despite criticisms. “I don’t really see an inclination on the government’s part, so far, that they’re going to move away from that,” he said. Although it is early to predict what may come of this week’s aerospace dispute — a decision from the trade commission isn’t expected until June 12 — Liberals have potentially boxed themselves into a corner. If the government is serious about retaliating, should Boeing prove successful, and if it is also serious about buying fighter jets to fill an immediate capability gap, ahead of a competition, few easy options remain that wouldn’t break a Liberal election promise: “we will not buy the F-35.” • Email: mdsmith@postmedia.com | Twitter: amariedanielles Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. x Share F-35 jets waiting in wings as Liberals’ ‘interim’ Super Hornet purchase in limbo Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Linkedin Video Today's National News Best of Postmedia A family affair: St-Viateur Bagel celebrates 60 yearsBagels are the great equalizer. Everybody eats them, everybody loves them — and everybody is invited to the bagel factory's block party on Sunday. Police union leader slams lethal force review, accuses chief of bowing to 'political pressure'The inquiry into city police shooting incidents is ill-timed and shows a lack of confidence in the force, Calgary Police Association head Les Kaminski said Thursday. On Wednesday, Police Chief Roger Chaffin announced an independent inquiry headed by retired Court of Queen’s Bench Justice Neil Wittmann in the wake of 10 police-involved shootings in 2016, […] Beyond the YMCA, U.S. border refugees are on their ownAsylum seekers leave the YMCA with a welfare cheque that barely allows them to make ends meet. I have no furniture, one says, but I have a future. Columnists Rob Shaw: Narrow window exists for John Horgan to become premierVICTORIA — B.C.’s razor-thin election results could change dramatically next week, as officials start... Vaughn Palmer: B.C. Liberals odds of deal with Greens fading fastVICTORIA — While the B.C. Liberals hope for the best from next week’s final count of the ballots from... Douglas Todd: New tax approaches to the 'astronaut' phenomenonThe Province newspaper may have been the first Canadian media outlet to refer to “astronaut” families... Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 59° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms likely. A few storms may be severe. High 83F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Thunderstorms during the evening, then skies turning partly cloudy overnight. Low 56F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: May 20, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Kevin Flynn • Boeing Aero India 2007 - F/A-18E/F Super Hornet in flight during air show. 2/04/2007 Boeing scrambles to save deal to sell St. Louis-made F/A-18s to Canada Reuters 9 hrs ago (…) Kevin Flynn • Boeing Aero India 2007 - F/A-18E/F Super Hornet in flight during air show. 2/04/2007 OTTAWA • Boeing Co. on Friday rushed to fix a gamble that looks to have gone wrong, with the defense unit of the U.S. aerospace giant seeking to fend off a Canadian threat to scrap the purchase of 18 St. Louis-made Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. Canada suggested on Thursday it could ditch its plans to buy the F/A-18s if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc. dumped jetliners in the U.S. market. Political insiders say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing’s allegations, which comes at a time when trade relations between the United States and Canada are at a low. “Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk,” the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. “However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale.” Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier. “This action is being taken against Bombardier’s pricing practices, which are illegal and aggressive. It is a very clear case of dumping,” said spokesman Charlie Miller. One industry source said a senior Boeing official tried to arrange a meeting with Trudeau recently but had been turned down. A Trudeau spokesman declined to comment but said government ministers had not met with Boeing since it launched the Bombardier challenge. Potential winners Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing’s complaint appears valid, “the secondary effects are disastrous.” He said Boeing could lose $10 billion to $20 billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes. Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp., Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts said. The U.S. Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims. “This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say ‘Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,’” said a Canadian defense industry source. Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia. The Boeing saga further increases tension between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement, with the administration of President Donald Trump on Thursday setting the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations. Last month, Washington slapped anti-dumping duties on Canadian timber, prompting Canada to threaten retaliation. Bombardier is based in the electoral important province of Quebec, where the ruling Liberal Party says it needs to pick up support to be sure of winning federal election in October 2019. Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Canada unveiled plans to buy the Super Hornets last November as a stop-gap measure while it prepared an open five-year competition to replace its aging fleet of 77 Boeing CF-18 fighter jets. Defense analyst David Perry of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute said one option for Ottawa would be to scrap the idea of a stopgap force and go straight to the permanent competition. The threat against Boeing only complicates a Canadian military procurement system which many analysts say is broken. The previous Conservative Party government announced in 2010 it would buy 65 Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters in a sole-source contract but after protests, scrapped the decision and announced an open competition that was never held. In the run-up to the November 2015 election that brought the Liberal Party to power, Trudeau said he would not buy the F-35s on the grounds they were too expensive. His government has since softened its opposition. Military procurement in Canada is handled by both the ministers of defense and public works, neither of whom were immediately available for comment. The Pentagon is paying about $70 million each for F/A-18 Super Hornets. At that price, the Canadian purchase would be worth $1.26 billion. The Super Hornets are made at Boeing’s factories in north St. Louis County. The headquarters of Boeing’s defense unit, known as Defense, Space & Security, relocated from St. Louis to Arlington, Va., this year. The company still employs about 14,000 in the St. Louis area. The Post-Dispatch contributed to this report. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Super Hornets could be collateral damage in Boeing-Bombardier flap Canada reviewing plans to buy military equipment from Boeing Tags Boeing Politics Economics Commerce United States Canada Justin Trudeau View (…) comments Most popular In America's largest oilfield, whir of activity confounds OPEC Judge tells Uber to return Waymo files taken by engineer Schnucks comes up with new policy on solicitors after its boycott by Teamsters Anheuser-Busch InBev to invest $20 million in St. Louis-area operations Mercy Hospital and clinics to pay $34 million settlement Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section The tax man cometh: Assessed values spike in some St. Louis neighborhoods, but north side still declining Bi-State board OKs MetroLink police task force outline but details remain unclear Boeing scrambles to save deal to sell St. Louis-made F/A-18s to Canada U.S. stocks close broadly higher; oil rises McBride begins selling homesites at Maryland Oaks on Saturday Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your daily dose of community. Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:03 GMT +320 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Canada Warns it May Cancel $2 Billion Super Hornet Buy Over Boeing Probe © REUTERS/ US Air Force, Shawn Nickel, File Military & Intelligence 00:52 20.05.2017(updated 00:55 20.05.2017) Get short URL 94035224 Ottawa may cancel its planned purchase of 18 Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornet fighters over an investigation against Canadian plane maker Bombardier, initiated by its US rival, Boeing. © REUTERS/ Kamil Krzaczynski Canada to Reform Travel Rules, Ban Forced Passenger Removal After #DraggingGateCanada may cancel the purchase of the Super Hornet fighters, which were to update Ottawa's aging fleet of CF-18 Hornets, over allegations raised by Boeing. According to the US company, Bombardier receives subsidies from the Canadian government that allow it to sell CSeries passenger planes below the market price. "The US market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken," US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement during a hearing into Boeing's claim in Washington. The decision to initiate a probe was met with opposition in the Canadian government. On Thursday, Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said the allegations are unhelpful to ongoing trade negotiations. "The aerospace industries of Canada and the United States are highly integrated and support good, middle class jobs on both sides of the border," Freeland said. "We strongly disagree with the US Department of Commerce's decision," she added, saying that Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the C Series aircraft, from entering the US market." But Freeland did not stop there. She added that Ottawa is now "reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," a statement that was later supported by Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, according to CTV News. According to various military experts, Freeland was most likely talking about the 18 Super Hornets purchase, a deal that could be worth up to $2 billion. "Our government will defend the interests of Bombardier, the Canadian aerospace industry, and our aerospace workers," Freeland's statement read. According to CBC, aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia of the Teal Group said the Canadian government's move was inevitable, and it's up to Boeing to consider the next step. "If Boeing is smart it'll press the do-over button and walk away," he said in an interview, adding that the military contracts the aeronautics giant risks losing are worth much more than any modest gains it could make from a successful trade complaint.   ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 224 Related: A Robot Just Landed a Simulated Boeing 737, So What Next for Air Travel? Inmarsat-5 Satellite to Expand Capacity of High-Speed Broadband Network - Boeing Problems With Air Force One Mark 'Very Serious Blow to Boeing's Reputation' Boeing Wins $488 Million to Refurbish UK Apache Helicopters Boeing Pays Tab on $4M Damage to POTUS’ Air Force One After Dangerous Mistake Boeing Wins Multimillion Contract for Super Hornet Fighter Sustainment Package Tags: complaint, investigation, purchase, Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet, Bombardier, Boeing, Wilbur Ross, Chrystia Freeland, Canada, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:50Czech Crisis: Are Prague's Protests a Threat to Elections or a Prelude? 09:27China Rejects US Allegations of Aircraft Intercept Over Yellow Sea – Ministry 08:46States of Latin America Interested in Russian Armored Cars, Amphibious Aircraft 08:30Ukrainian President Poroshenko to Meet German Chancellor Merkel on Saturday 08:01Peru Open for Strategic, Military-Technical Cooperation With Russia – OfficialAll news US Hypersonic Aircraft Will Not Catch Russia Flat-Footed 12811 Why US Attempts to Hide Its Tanks From Russia's Armatas are Doomed 10042 Modernized Tu-160M2 Bomber, 'Stepping Stone' to PAK DA 5th Gen Stealth Bomber 9792 Military Buildup: China Installs Anti-Frogman Guns in South China Sea 8806 US-Led Coalition Strikes Hit Syrian Army in Southern Syria - Reports 7858All news US Coalition Strike on Syrian Army Occurred Within Deconfliction Zone 38 Russia 'Attempted to Dissuade' Syrian Army From al-Tanf Before Coalition Strikes 32 US-Led Coalition Strikes Hit Syrian Army in Southern Syria - Reports 32 US Attack on Syrian Convoy 'Government Terrorism' - Syrian Negotiator in Geneva 27 Why US Attempts to Hide Its Tanks From Russia's Armatas are Doomed 23All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures Robert E. See You Later Russia's Black Sea Fleet, More Than Two Centuries on Duty News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
City Cityline Breakfast Television News Local Athlete of the Week National GTA Sports Sportsnet Entertainment Life Video Weather Extras News Tips News Alerts Inside CityNews Our Team About Us Contact Us Apps LISTEN LIVE LOCAL VIDEO NEWS TIPS Loading articles... The Friday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories by The Canadian Press Posted May 19, 2017 4:51 pm EDT Last Updated May 19, 2017 at 5:40 pm EDT National Highlights from the news file for Friday, May 19 ——— SASK TEEN GUNMAN WANTED TO MARK ANNIVERSARY OF LA LOCHE SHOOTING: The teen who has admitted to killing four people in La Loche, Sask., last year wanted a gift to mark the first anniversary of the shootings. The courts are trying to determine if the teen, who can’t be named under youth offender laws, should be sentenced as an adult or a juvenile. A pre-sentence report tabled in court Friday details how the teen asked staff at a Saskatoon youth detention facility whether they would buy him a present on the anniversary of the shooting. The hearing will resume in June when the defence presents its case. ——— CANADA’S POT REFORMS GAINING INTERNATIONAL ATTENTION — MCLELLAN: The head of a federal government task force on legalizing marijuana is being watched around the world. Anne McLellan, a former Liberal cabinet minister, says other countries want to see how successful Canada is at developing a legal market for cannabis, how it addresses organized crime and how it deals with drug-impaired driving. Once it happens, Canada will become the first G7 country to legalize marijuana. ——— TRANSPORT MINISTER MEETS WITH AIRLINES ABOUT PASSENGER RIGHTS: Federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau is calling for Canada’s airlines to live up to the spirit of the federal government’s passenger bill of rights, even though the legislation does not come into force until next year. Garneau met with some 30 airline, airport and tourism officials in Ottawa on Friday. He says he sensed a “constructive approach” from the airlines. New federal rules will set minimum levels of compensation for people who voluntarily agree to be bumped from a flight and force airlines to establish clear standards of treatment and compensation for circumstances such as lost or damaged luggage. ——— SOFTWOOD BAILOUT DELAYED: A federal aid package to help softwood lumber producers deal with the effect of U.S. duties won’t go before cabinet until the end of the month. Cabinet discussed a package of options for up to $1 billion in aid for the softwood industry earlier this week, but negotiations with industry and provincial governments aren’t done. A source with knowledge of the negotiations says Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr had hoped to have the plan ready to present publicly by the end of this week, but things didn’t quite come together in time. ——— PM WEIGHS IN ON BOEING-BOMBARDIER TRADE SPAT: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is blasting the U.S. government for taking up Boeing’s complaint against rival Bombardier. Trudeau says he’ll always defend Canadian companies. But Trudeau refused to elaborate on the government’s suggestion that it might abandon plans to buy 18 of Boeing’s Super Hornet fighter jets if the aerospace giant pursues claims that Bombardier gets unfair subsidies. ——— TRUMP STARTS FIRST FOREIGN TRIP: U.S. President Donald Trump has departed for his maiden overseas trip as president amid the controversy surrounding investigations into whether his campaign associates collaborated with Russia to sway the election. Air Force One departed Friday with the president, first lady Melania Trump, his daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as a group of his top advisers and journalists covering the trip. ——— TRUMP REPORTEDLY CALLED FORMER FBI DIRECTOR ‘NUT JOB’: The New York Times is reporting that U.S. President Donald Trump told Russian diplomats that firing “nut job” FBI director James Comey had relieved “great pressure” on him. The newspaper report cites the White House’s official written account of the Oval Office meeting. The Washington Post is separately reporting that the FBI investigation into possible co-ordination between Russia and the Trump presidential campaign was moving closer to the White House. Law enforcement officials now consider a senior Trump adviser a “person of interest” in the probe, the Post reported. ——— OTTAWA BEING ACCUSED OF PUTTING DOMESTIC VIOLENCE VICTIMS IN DANGER: The NDP says the federal government is asking some women fleeing domestic violence to get their abuser to sign a form in order to get a child benefit. B.C. New Democrat Wayne Stetski says constituents have been coming forward with letters from the Canada Revenue Agency, asking them to verify that they are eligible for the monthly allowance. Stetski says the requirement puts the victim in danger and needs to be corrected. The government is promising to look into the issue as quickly as possible. ——— OPP LOOK AT THROWING DARTS AT FLEEING VEHICLES: Ontario Provincial Police say they’ve launched a pilot project that will test the use of laser-aimed darts armed with GPS technology to help track fleeing cars. OPP Const. Kerry Schmidt says when a motorist fails to stop or accelerates away after being stopped, Schmidt says a projectile can be fired at the vehicle where it sticks and emits a GPS signal that can be tracked. Schmidt says this will allow officers to be constantly updated on the whereabouts of the suspect vehicle and safely move in and make an arrest. ——— ONTARIO TEACHER SENTENCED ON SEXUAL EXPLOITATION CHARGES: An eastern Ontario teacher who had sexual encounters with several students and traded nude photos with them has been sentenced to two years in prison. Jaclyn McLaren pleaded guilty in March to two counts of sexual exploitation, two counts of luring, possession of child pornography and making explicit material available to people under 18 and people under 16. Police originally laid 42 charges against McLaren, 37, who taught French at a school near Belleville. ——— Join the conversation Cancel reply Sign in to comment. You're logged in as . Edit Profile | Logout. Loading profile... Unexpected error. Please try again. Notice: Your email may not yet have been verified. Please check your email, click the link to verify your address, and then submit your comment. If you can't find this email, access your profile editor to re-send the confirmation email. You must have a verified email to submit a comment. Once you have done so, check again. Comment Please read our commenting policies Listen Now 680 NEWS live --:-- LOCAL NATIONAL Ontario loosening solvency requirements for defined benefit pensions May 19, 2017, 1:41 PM Road rage incident in Barrie leaves man injured, another charged May 19, 2017, 1:29 PM OPP to fire GPS darts at fleeing vehicles to avoid high-speed chases May 19, 2017, 12:42 PM Man hit by pickup truck, critically injured in Bloor West Village May 19, 2017, 12:07 PM More than half of buildings on Toronto Islands threatened by rising water levels May 19, 2017, 11:35 AM 1 dead in dump truck crash in Whitby May 19, 2017, 10:23 AM Canada always prevails in U.S. softwood dispute and will again, Trudeau says May 19, 2017, 1:37 PM Security consultations suggest preference for freedoms over new powers May 19, 2017, 1:22 PM Canadian ambassador to France says Macron's election great news for Canada May 19, 2017, 12:59 PM Defence in trial of Hannah Leflar's killer wants client to get into rehab May 18, 2017, 10:48 PM Wildfire's return stalls recovery plans for Fort McMurray oilsands industry May 17, 2016, 8:06 AM Acclaimed Canadian historian and author Michael Bliss dies at 76 May 18, 2017, 5:39 PM LIFE SPORTSNET ENTERTAINMENT Almost 40% of Canadians eat lunch at their desks, research shows May 18, 2017, 2:51 PM Victoria Day long weekend: Fireworks, events, and what's open and closed May 18, 2017, 6:16 AM Texas man sues date after she texts during movie May 17, 2017, 12:06 PM Home sales cool last month after record March, GTA leads decline May 15, 2017, 10:12 AM Painting by prolific folk artist, subject of biopic, to be auctioned off this week May 15, 2017, 9:13 AM Recall of pie and tart shells expanded due to E. coli contamination May 12, 2017, 8:52 AM Jonah Keri: The case for trading Josh Donaldson May 19, 2017, 9:56 AM Quick Shifts: Is Babcock scouting defencemen or Mike Fisher too? May 19, 2017, 11:11 AM Cerebral Derick Brassard confident Senators can ‘beat everyone’ May 19, 2017, 3:16 PM Anthony Alford starting in left field for Blue Jays vs. Orioles May 19, 2017, 3:41 PM What To Watch For: Senators have Penguins on ropes ahead of Game 4 May 19, 2017, 10:43 AM Chris Cornell killed himself by hanging May 18, 2017, 5:48 AM OPINION: On diversity, Canadian media is throwing stones in a glass house May 13, 2017, 5:43 PM U2 kicks off 'Joshua Tree' world tour in Vancouver May 13, 2017, 5:07 PM Meat Loaf's 'Bat Out of Hell' to shut down part of Yonge Street May 10, 2017, 2:25 PM Gord Downie, Drake share embrace at Raptors game May 06, 2017, 1:35 PM Home About Us Contact Us Download App Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 333 Bloor Street East, Toronto, Ontario M4W 1G9 © 2002-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... The Friday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories National by The Canadian Press Posted May 19, 2017 2:51 pm MDT Last Updated May 19, 2017 at 3:40 pm MDT Highlights from the news file for Friday, May 19 ——— SASK TEEN GUNMAN WANTED TO MARK ANNIVERSARY OF LA LOCHE SHOOTING: The teen who has admitted to killing four people in La Loche, Sask., last year wanted a gift to mark the first anniversary of the shootings. The courts are trying to determine if the teen, who can’t be named under youth offender laws, should be sentenced as an adult or a juvenile. A pre-sentence report tabled in court Friday details how the teen asked staff at a Saskatoon youth detention facility whether they would buy him a present on the anniversary of the shooting. The hearing will resume in June when the defence presents its case. ——— CANADA’S POT REFORMS GAINING INTERNATIONAL ATTENTION — MCLELLAN: The head of a federal government task force on legalizing marijuana is being watched around the world. Anne McLellan, a former Liberal cabinet minister, says other countries want to see how successful Canada is at developing a legal market for cannabis, how it addresses organized crime and how it deals with drug-impaired driving. Once it happens, Canada will become the first G7 country to legalize marijuana. ——— TRANSPORT MINISTER MEETS WITH AIRLINES ABOUT PASSENGER RIGHTS: Federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau is calling for Canada’s airlines to live up to the spirit of the federal government’s passenger bill of rights, even though the legislation does not come into force until next year. Garneau met with some 30 airline, airport and tourism officials in Ottawa on Friday. He says he sensed a “constructive approach” from the airlines. New federal rules will set minimum levels of compensation for people who voluntarily agree to be bumped from a flight and force airlines to establish clear standards of treatment and compensation for circumstances such as lost or damaged luggage. ——— SOFTWOOD BAILOUT DELAYED: A federal aid package to help softwood lumber producers deal with the effect of U.S. duties won’t go before cabinet until the end of the month. Cabinet discussed a package of options for up to $1 billion in aid for the softwood industry earlier this week, but negotiations with industry and provincial governments aren’t done. A source with knowledge of the negotiations says Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr had hoped to have the plan ready to present publicly by the end of this week, but things didn’t quite come together in time. ——— PM WEIGHS IN ON BOEING-BOMBARDIER TRADE SPAT: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is blasting the U.S. government for taking up Boeing’s complaint against rival Bombardier. Trudeau says he’ll always defend Canadian companies. But Trudeau refused to elaborate on the government’s suggestion that it might abandon plans to buy 18 of Boeing’s Super Hornet fighter jets if the aerospace giant pursues claims that Bombardier gets unfair subsidies. ——— TRUMP STARTS FIRST FOREIGN TRIP: U.S. President Donald Trump has departed for his maiden overseas trip as president amid the controversy surrounding investigations into whether his campaign associates collaborated with Russia to sway the election. Air Force One departed Friday with the president, first lady Melania Trump, his daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as a group of his top advisers and journalists covering the trip. ——— TRUMP REPORTEDLY CALLED FORMER FBI DIRECTOR ‘NUT JOB’: The New York Times is reporting that U.S. President Donald Trump told Russian diplomats that firing “nut job” FBI director James Comey had relieved “great pressure” on him. The newspaper report cites the White House’s official written account of the Oval Office meeting. The Washington Post is separately reporting that the FBI investigation into possible co-ordination between Russia and the Trump presidential campaign was moving closer to the White House. Law enforcement officials now consider a senior Trump adviser a “person of interest” in the probe, the Post reported. ——— OTTAWA BEING ACCUSED OF PUTTING DOMESTIC VIOLENCE VICTIMS IN DANGER: The NDP says the federal government is asking some women fleeing domestic violence to get their abuser to sign a form in order to get a child benefit. B.C. New Democrat Wayne Stetski says constituents have been coming forward with letters from the Canada Revenue Agency, asking them to verify that they are eligible for the monthly allowance. Stetski says the requirement puts the victim in danger and needs to be corrected. The government is promising to look into the issue as quickly as possible. ——— OPP LOOK AT THROWING DARTS AT FLEEING VEHICLES: Ontario Provincial Police say they’ve launched a pilot project that will test the use of laser-aimed darts armed with GPS technology to help track fleeing cars. OPP Const. Kerry Schmidt says when a motorist fails to stop or accelerates away after being stopped, Schmidt says a projectile can be fired at the vehicle where it sticks and emits a GPS signal that can be tracked. Schmidt says this will allow officers to be constantly updated on the whereabouts of the suspect vehicle and safely move in and make an arrest. ——— ONTARIO TEACHER SENTENCED ON SEXUAL EXPLOITATION CHARGES: An eastern Ontario teacher who had sexual encounters with several students and traded nude photos with them has been sentenced to two years in prison. Jaclyn McLaren pleaded guilty in March to two counts of sexual exploitation, two counts of luring, possession of child pornography and making explicit material available to people under 18 and people under 16. Police originally laid 42 charges against McLaren, 37, who taught French at a school near Belleville. ——— Movie Trailers May 19, 2017 to May 25, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray Weekend Listings: The Boss Baby (G) 11:45am / 3:00pm / 6:30pm / 9:30pm Smurfs: The Lost Village (PG) 12:00pm / 3:15pm / 6:15pm / 9:00pm The Fate and the Furious (PG) 11:30am / 12:30pm / 2:45pm / 3:45pm / 6:00pm / 7:00pm / 9:15pm / 10:15pm Going in Style (PG) 12:45pm / 4:00pm / 7:15pm / 9:45pm Beauty and the Beast (PG) 12:15pm / 3:30pm / 6:45pm / 10:00pm          660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL Coyote den prompts partial closure of popular NW Calgary park May 19, 2017, 4:42 PM Alberta social workers to help families of missing, murdered indigenous females May 19, 2017, 4:29 PM Alberta social workers to help families of missing, murdered indigenous females May 19, 2017, 4:19 PM Daycare operator who left child to die in broiling SUV sentenced to 22 months in jail May 19, 2017, 3:57 PM Police: Man in Kylie Jenner crash admits homeless killing May 19, 2017, 3:50 PM Iowa to pay $6.5M to settle landmark sports bias lawsuits May 19, 2017, 3:41 PM Head of MMIW inquiry says she understands frustrations over hearing delays May 19, 2017, 3:45 PM Travel, drug prices and the RCMP: how federal politics touched us this week May 19, 2017, 2:30 PM Alberta social workers to help families of missing, murdered indigenous females May 19, 2017, 2:19 PM Daycare operator who left child to die in broiling SUV sentenced to 22 months in jail May 19, 2017, 1:57 PM Quebec premier hoping trip to Israel will lead to increased economic ties May 19, 2017, 1:32 PM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Disturbance on LA-to-Hawaii flight brings FBI, fighter jets May 19, 2017, 8:29 PM Most actively traded companies on the TSX May 19, 2017, 3:07 PM Trudeau says he'll work with provinces on Trans Mountain pipeline expansion May 19, 2017, 3:05 PM Government must have power in approval of infrastructure bank deals: Barton May 19, 2017, 12:38 PM Fox News fires Bob Beckel for racially insensitive remark May 19, 2017, 11:53 AM Jonah Keri: The case for trading Josh Donaldson May 19, 2017, 9:56 AM Quick Shifts: Is Babcock scouting defencemen or Mike Fisher too? May 19, 2017, 11:11 AM Cerebral Derick Brassard confident Senators can ‘beat everyone’ May 19, 2017, 3:16 PM Anthony Alford starting in left field for Blue Jays vs. Orioles May 19, 2017, 3:41 PM What To Watch For: Senators have Penguins on ropes ahead of Game 4 May 19, 2017, 10:43 AM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Wyclef Jean urges fans to support Haitian immigrants May 19, 2017, 4:54 PM Imagine Dragons to honour to Cornell at Billboard Awards May 19, 2017, 2:51 PM Questlove to perform at prom despite earlier cancellation May 19, 2017, 2:37 PM Memorial to open at site of 2003 fire that killed 100 people May 19, 2017, 1:23 PM The Latest: Report: Bodyguard found Cornell on hotel floor May 19, 2017, 12:10 PM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
CHEK News, Weather, Sports, and TV. Victoria 15°C   Home News Local News Newscasts Live & Recent Newscasts CHEK Point Vital People This Week In History Your Country, Your Story News Personalities News Links Contact News Weather Sports Local Sports Game On! WHL Hockey Highlights Auto Sports LPGA Golf Videos Links Programs TV Schedule Live & Recent Newscasts Supernatural 60 Minutes 48 Hours Bones Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy Everybody Loves Raymond King of Queens Judge Judy Hot Bench Trend Cookin’ on the Coast The Wealthy Life CHEK Around Out There Da Vinci’s Inquest Game On! Flavours of the West Coast Community Sponsorship Vital People TC10K 2017 Contests Your Country, Your Story Beautiful Gardens Ticket to Go! About Us Our Story Press Releases Career Opportunities Personalities Mobile Marketing Advertise Video Production Corporate Video Commercials / Video production Events Contact Menu Home News Local News Newscasts Live & Recent Newscasts CHEK Point Vital People This Week In History Your Country, Your Story News Personalities News Links Contact News Weather Sports Local Sports Game On! WHL Hockey Highlights Auto Sports LPGA Golf Videos Links Programs TV Schedule Live & Recent Newscasts Supernatural 60 Minutes 48 Hours Bones Wheel of Fortune Jeopardy Everybody Loves Raymond King of Queens Judge Judy Hot Bench Trend Cookin’ on the Coast The Wealthy Life CHEK Around Out There Da Vinci’s Inquest Game On! Flavours of the West Coast Community Sponsorship Vital People TC10K 2017 Contests Your Country, Your Story Beautiful Gardens Ticket to Go! About Us Our Story Press Releases Career Opportunities Personalities Mobile Marketing Advertise Video Production Corporate Video Commercials / Video production Events Contact The Friday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories Posted By: The Canadian Presson: May 19, 2017In: National News Highlights from the news file for Friday, May 19 ——— SASK TEEN GUNMAN WANTED TO MARK ANNIVERSARY OF LA LOCHE SHOOTING: The teen who has admitted to killing four people in La Loche, Sask., last year wanted a gift to mark the first anniversary of the shootings. The courts are trying to determine if the teen, who can't be named under youth offender laws, should be sentenced as an adult or a juvenile. A pre-sentence report tabled in court Friday details how the teen asked staff at a Saskatoon youth detention facility whether they would buy him a present on the anniversary of the shooting. The hearing will resume in June when the defence presents its case. ——— CANADA'S POT REFORMS GAINING INTERNATIONAL ATTENTION — MCLELLAN: The head of a federal government task force on legalizing marijuana is being watched around the world. Anne McLellan, a former Liberal cabinet minister, says other countries want to see how successful Canada is at developing a legal market for cannabis, how it addresses organized crime and how it deals with drug-impaired driving. Once it happens, Canada will become the first G7 country to legalize marijuana. ——— TRANSPORT MINISTER MEETS WITH AIRLINES ABOUT PASSENGER RIGHTS: Federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau is calling for Canada's airlines to live up to the spirit of the federal government's passenger bill of rights, even though the legislation does not come into force until next year. Garneau met with some 30 airline, airport and tourism officials in Ottawa on Friday. He says he sensed a "constructive approach" from the airlines. New federal rules will set minimum levels of compensation for people who voluntarily agree to be bumped from a flight and force airlines to establish clear standards of treatment and compensation for circumstances such as lost or damaged luggage. ——— SOFTWOOD BAILOUT DELAYED: A federal aid package to help softwood lumber producers deal with the effect of U.S. duties won't go before cabinet until the end of the month. Cabinet discussed a package of options for up to $1 billion in aid for the softwood industry earlier this week, but negotiations with industry and provincial governments aren't done. A source with knowledge of the negotiations says Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr had hoped to have the plan ready to present publicly by the end of this week, but things didn't quite come together in time. ——— PM WEIGHS IN ON BOEING-BOMBARDIER TRADE SPAT: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is blasting the U.S. government for taking up Boeing's complaint against rival Bombardier. Trudeau says he'll always defend Canadian companies. But Trudeau refused to elaborate on the government's suggestion that it might abandon plans to buy 18 of Boeing's Super Hornet fighter jets if the aerospace giant pursues claims that Bombardier gets unfair subsidies. ——— TRUMP STARTS FIRST FOREIGN TRIP: U.S. President Donald Trump has departed for his maiden overseas trip as president amid the controversy surrounding investigations into whether his campaign associates collaborated with Russia to sway the election. Air Force One departed Friday with the president, first lady Melania Trump, his daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as a group of his top advisers and journalists covering the trip. ——— TRUMP REPORTEDLY CALLED FORMER FBI DIRECTOR 'NUT JOB': The New York Times is reporting that U.S. President Donald Trump told Russian diplomats that firing "nut job" FBI director James Comey had relieved "great pressure" on him. The newspaper report cites the White House's official written account of the Oval Office meeting. The  Washington Post is separately reporting that the FBI investigation into possible co-ordination between Russia and the Trump presidential campaign was moving closer to the White House. Law enforcement officials now consider a senior Trump adviser a "person of interest" in the probe, the Post reported. ——— OTTAWA BEING ACCUSED OF PUTTING DOMESTIC VIOLENCE VICTIMS IN DANGER: The NDP says the federal government is asking some women fleeing domestic violence to get their abuser to sign a form in order to get a child benefit. B.C. New Democrat Wayne Stetski says constituents have been coming forward with letters from the Canada Revenue Agency, asking them to verify that they are eligible for the monthly allowance. Stetski says the requirement puts the victim in danger and needs to be corrected. The government is promising to look into the issue as quickly as possible. ——— OPP LOOK AT THROWING DARTS AT FLEEING VEHICLES: Ontario Provincial Police say they've launched a pilot project that will test the use of laser-aimed darts armed with GPS technology to help track fleeing cars. OPP Const. Kerry Schmidt says when a motorist fails to stop or accelerates away after being stopped, Schmidt says a projectile can be fired at the vehicle where it sticks and emits a GPS signal that can be tracked. Schmidt says this will allow officers to be constantly updated on the whereabouts of the suspect vehicle and safely move in and make an arrest. ——— ONTARIO TEACHER SENTENCED ON SEXUAL EXPLOITATION CHARGES: An eastern Ontario teacher who had sexual encounters with several students and traded nude photos with them has been sentenced to two years in prison. Jaclyn McLaren pleaded guilty in March to two counts of sexual exploitation, two counts of luring, possession of child pornography and making explicit material available to people under 18 and people under 16. Police originally laid 42 charges against McLaren, 37, who taught French at a school near Belleville. ———   The Canadian Press Previous ‘Real Housewives’ stars celebrate restaurant’s grand opening Next Trudeau says he’ll work with provinces on Trans Mountain pipeline expansion Related Articles Mother tells daughter’s killer to burn in hell, asks judge to show no mercy May 19, 2017 Head of MMIW inquiry says she understands frustrations over hearing delays May 19, 2017 Head of MMIW inquiry says she understands frustrations over hearing delays May 19, 2017 CP Regional News Head of MMIW inquiry says she understands frustrations over hearing delays May 19, 2017 Trudeau says he’ll work with provinces on Trans Mountain pipeline expansion May 19, 2017 Metal thieves suspected by police after 175 cemetery vases taken in B.C. May 19, 2017 Police in British Columbia fear foul play in case of missing woman May 19, 2017 Rising waters, warmer temperatures in central Okanagan keep flood watchers wary May 19, 2017 CBC Regional News B.C. winery owners facing life in Chinese prison for smuggling May 19, 2017 6 people test positive for same E. coli strain in B.C. amidst flour recall May 19, 2017 Trudeau reiterates support for Trans Mountain pipeline on B.C. visit May 19, 2017 Twin Peaks fans celebrate return of cult classic after 25 years May 19, 2017 ‘I wanted it to work’: grieving Victoria mother blasts lack of support for troubled son May 19, 2017 Mayor promises big things for north and south Surrey May 19, 2017 Rethink 150 promotes commemoration through First Nations perspective May 19, 2017 Boat ban for Stump and Nicola Lake until further notice May 19, 2017 Vancouver developer fined for running short-term rentals May 19, 2017 Turn that brown thumb into a green thumb this long weekend May 19, 2017 Canadian Press Iran: Rouhani leads initial count; over 70 per cent turnout May 19, 2017 Disturbance on LA-to-Hawaii flight brings FBI, fighter jets May 19, 2017 In New Orleans, Confederate monuments are gone – Lee last May 19, 2017 Report: FBI probe moves into White House May 19, 2017 Mother tells daughter’s killer to burn in hell, asks judge to show no mercy May 19, 2017 CHEK Sports Victoria’s Haydn Hopkins takes unexpected path to Memorial Cup May 19, 2017 Top island track and field athletes converge at UVic May 18, 2017 Victoria Shamrocks gear up for season opener May 18, 2017 Victoria Mariners pitcher on path to next level May 17, 2017 Brentwood Bay’s Matt Irwin talks Predators success May 17, 2017 Elvis in the building: Stars On Ice set to dazzle Victoria May 16, 2017 Victoria HarbourCats sign first female player in WCL history May 16, 2017 Female pitcher Claire Eccles joins Victoria HarbourCats May 16, 2017 Plays of the Week – May 15th May 15, 2017 Game On! 05/14/17 May 14, 2017 Top Stories Surprise witness at Mutch inquest contradicts police testimony May 18, 2017 Did Victoria Police aggravate suicide call by drawing weapons? May 17, 2017 Upcoming temperatures good for whales, whale watching May 17, 2017 New program to boost Orca numbers launched May 16, 2017 Coroner’s inquest into fatal police shooting begins May 15, 2017 Oak Bay development means another old house is barged away May 12, 2017 Hidden camera leads to CFB Esquimalt sex assault charges May 11, 2017 Greens make gains, Liberals lose a seat, NDP stay mostly same on Vancouver Island May 10, 2017 Clark, Horgan, Weaver all say they’re willing to work with other parties May 10, 2017 Final push for votes on last day of B.C. election campaign May 08, 2017 2015 Copyright CHEK Media About Us Our Story Career Opportunities Press Releases Advertise Contests Ticket to Go! Links Personalities Shows TV Schedule Jeopardy Wheel of Fortune Cookin’ on the Coast Trend Judge Judy Hot Bench CHEK Around The Wealthy Life Video Production Video Production Commercials / Video production Corporate Video Studios, Green Screen Rentals Contact Us Get the App
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / Canada The Friday news briefing: An at-a-glance survey of some top stories Share on Facebook A A Share via Email Print By: Staff The Canadian Press Published on Highlights from the news file for Friday, May 19 ——— SASK TEEN GUNMAN WANTED TO MARK ANNIVERSARY OF LA LOCHE SHOOTING: The teen who has admitted to killing four people in La Loche, Sask., last year wanted a gift to mark the first anniversary of the shootings. The courts are trying to determine if the teen, who can't be named under youth offender laws, should be sentenced as an adult or a juvenile. A pre-sentence report tabled in court Friday details how the teen asked staff at a Saskatoon youth detention facility whether they would buy him a present on the anniversary of the shooting. The hearing will resume in June when the defence presents its case. ——— CANADA'S POT REFORMS GAINING INTERNATIONAL ATTENTION — MCLELLAN: The head of a federal government task force on legalizing marijuana is being watched around the world. Anne McLellan, a former Liberal cabinet minister, says other countries want to see how successful Canada is at developing a legal market for cannabis, how it addresses organized crime and how it deals with drug-impaired driving. Once it happens, Canada will become the first G7 country to legalize marijuana. ——— TRANSPORT MINISTER MEETS WITH AIRLINES ABOUT PASSENGER RIGHTS: Federal Transport Minister Marc Garneau is calling for Canada's airlines to live up to the spirit of the federal government's passenger bill of rights, even though the legislation does not come into force until next year. Garneau met with some 30 airline, airport and tourism officials in Ottawa on Friday. He says he sensed a "constructive approach" from the airlines. New federal rules will set minimum levels of compensation for people who voluntarily agree to be bumped from a flight and force airlines to establish clear standards of treatment and compensation for circumstances such as lost or damaged luggage. ——— SOFTWOOD BAILOUT DELAYED: A federal aid package to help softwood lumber producers deal with the effect of U.S. duties won't go before cabinet until the end of the month. Cabinet discussed a package of options for up to $1 billion in aid for the softwood industry earlier this week, but negotiations with industry and provincial governments aren't done. A source with knowledge of the negotiations says Natural Resources Minister Jim Carr had hoped to have the plan ready to present publicly by the end of this week, but things didn't quite come together in time. ——— PM WEIGHS IN ON BOEING-BOMBARDIER TRADE SPAT: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is blasting the U.S. government for taking up Boeing's complaint against rival Bombardier. Trudeau says he'll always defend Canadian companies. But Trudeau refused to elaborate on the government's suggestion that it might abandon plans to buy 18 of Boeing's Super Hornet fighter jets if the aerospace giant pursues claims that Bombardier gets unfair subsidies. ——— TRUMP STARTS FIRST FOREIGN TRIP: U.S. President Donald Trump has departed for his maiden overseas trip as president amid the controversy surrounding investigations into whether his campaign associates collaborated with Russia to sway the election. Air Force One departed Friday with the president, first lady Melania Trump, his daughter Ivanka and son-in-law Jared Kushner, as well as a group of his top advisers and journalists covering the trip. ——— TRUMP REPORTEDLY CALLED FORMER FBI DIRECTOR 'NUT JOB': The New York Times is reporting that U.S. President Donald Trump told Russian diplomats that firing "nut job" FBI director James Comey had relieved "great pressure" on him. The newspaper report cites the White House's official written account of the Oval Office meeting. The  Washington Post is separately reporting that the FBI investigation into possible co-ordination between Russia and the Trump presidential campaign was moving closer to the White House. Law enforcement officials now consider a senior Trump adviser a "person of interest" in the probe, the Post reported. ——— OTTAWA BEING ACCUSED OF PUTTING DOMESTIC VIOLENCE VICTIMS IN DANGER: The NDP says the federal government is asking some women fleeing domestic violence to get their abuser to sign a form in order to get a child benefit. B.C. New Democrat Wayne Stetski says constituents have been coming forward with letters from the Canada Revenue Agency, asking them to verify that they are eligible for the monthly allowance. Stetski says the requirement puts the victim in danger and needs to be corrected. The government is promising to look into the issue as quickly as possible. ——— OPP LOOK AT THROWING DARTS AT FLEEING VEHICLES: Ontario Provincial Police say they've launched a pilot project that will test the use of laser-aimed darts armed with GPS technology to help track fleeing cars. OPP Const. Kerry Schmidt says when a motorist fails to stop or accelerates away after being stopped, Schmidt says a projectile can be fired at the vehicle where it sticks and emits a GPS signal that can be tracked. Schmidt says this will allow officers to be constantly updated on the whereabouts of the suspect vehicle and safely move in and make an arrest. ——— ONTARIO TEACHER SENTENCED ON SEXUAL EXPLOITATION CHARGES: An eastern Ontario teacher who had sexual encounters with several students and traded nude photos with them has been sentenced to two years in prison. Jaclyn McLaren pleaded guilty in March to two counts of sexual exploitation, two counts of luring, possession of child pornography and making explicit material available to people under 18 and people under 16. Police originally laid 42 charges against McLaren, 37, who taught French at a school near Belleville. ———   Editors' Picks Video: Kevin Pillar investigated for 'stupid' slur after strikeout Seattle music scene mourns Chris Cornell, authorities say singer hanged himself What cultural appropriation is, and why you should care: Shree Paradkar Video: Dinosaurs may still be here had asteroid hit at different time or place More on Metronews.ca Most Popular Trump White House rocked by multiple bombshells as he leaves on long trip Trans cartoonist forced to cancel Halifax book launch 'overwhelmed' by community support Police in Nova Scotia on scene of suspected drowning Halifax-area police investigating serious incidents including kidnapping, unlawful confinement Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business Two USN F/A-18 Super Hornets fly to the Abbotsford Air Show. (Boeing) Two USN F/A-18 Super Hornets fly to the Abbotsford Air Show. (Boeing) Boeing seeks to fend off Canada threat over jet deal: source Add to ... David Ljunggren And Alwyn Scott OTTAWA/SEATTLE — Reuters Published Friday, May 19, 2017 12:22PM EDT Last updated Friday, May 19, 2017 7:38PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Boeing Co. on Friday rushed to fix a gamble that looks to have gone wrong, with the defense unit of the U.S. plane maker seeking to fend off a Canadian threat to scrap the purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. That move follows Canada’s threat on Thursday that it could ditch its plans to buy the jets if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc. dumped jetliners in the U.S. market. Political insiders say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing’s allegations, which comes at a time when trade relations between the United States and Canada are at a low. “Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk,” the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. “However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale.” Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier. “This action is being taken against Bombardier’s pricing practices which are illegal and aggressive. It is a very clear case of dumping,” spokesman Charlie Miller said. One industry source said a senior Boeing official tried to arrange a meeting with Mr. Trudeau recently but had been turned down. A Trudeau spokesman declined to comment but said government ministers had not met with Boeing since it launched the Bombardier challenge. Boeing did not immediately reply to a request for comment. POTENTIAL WINNERS Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing’s complaint appears valid, “the secondary effects are disastrous.” He said Boeing could lose $10-billion to $20-billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes. Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp, Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts said. The U.S. Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims. “This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say ‘Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,’” said a Canadian defense industry source. Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia. The Boeing saga further increases tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American free-trade agreement (NAFTA), with the Trump administration on Thursday setting the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations.. Last month Washington slapped anti-dumping duties on Canadian timber, prompting Canada to threaten retaliation. Bombardier is based in the electoral important province of Quebec, where the ruling Liberals say they need to pick up support to be sure of winning federal election in October, 2019. Canada unveiled plans to buy the Super Hornets last November as a stop-gap measure while it prepared an open five-year competition to replace its aging fleet of 77 Boeing CF-18 fighter jets. Defense analyst David Perry of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute said one option for Ottawa would be to scrap the idea of a stopgap force and go straight to the permanent competition. The threat against Boeing only complicates a Canadian military procurement system which many analysts say is broken. The previous Conservative government announced in 2010 it would buy 65 Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters in a sole-source contract but after protests, scrapped the decision and announced an open competition that was never held. In the run-up to the November 2015 election that brought the Liberals to power, Trudeau said he would not buy the F-35s on the grounds they were too expensive. His government has since softened its opposition. Military procurement in Canada is handled by both the ministers of defense and public works, neither of whom were immediately available for comment. Boeing’s defense unit is called Defense, Space & Security. Report Typo/Error   BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$180.76 +3.36 (+1.89%) BBD.B-TBombardier Inc Latest Price$2.11 +0.05 (+2.43%) LMT-NLockheed Martin Corp Latest Price$272.79 +5.47 (+2.05%) Updated May 19 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Canada threatens U.S. over aerospace as NAFTA talks loom Quebec open to more investors for Bombardier’s C Series, Couillard says Bombardier and Boeing clash in trade hearing over C Series jet Topics United States of America The Boeing Company Ottawa, Ontario Bombardier Inc. Aerospace Canada Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Opinion: What is cultural appropriation? Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News Flooding on Toronto Islands affecting businesses Life Add some flair to your long weekend BBQ with this surf and turf dish News Obese monkey gets help with junk food habit Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs Report on Business IBM's quantum computer gets powerful upgrade News Nova Scotia PC, NDP leaders take aim at Premier News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor No advice but still a price: Fund fees for DIY investors draw fire Arts At Cannes, the screen belongs to female filmmakers Most popular Team Trudeau’s precarious friendship with Jared Kushner First Nations leaders question safety of youth in Thunder Bay May 20: Your daily horoscope Will Ottawa’s new plan lower Canada's high drug prices? Report says La Loche shooter asked if he would get gift to mark anniversary of attack X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 59° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms likely. A few storms may be severe. High 83F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Thunderstorms during the evening, then skies turning partly cloudy overnight. Low 56F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: May 20, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Kevin Flynn • Boeing Aero India 2007 - F/A-18E/F Super Hornet in flight during air show. 2/04/2007 Boeing scrambles to save deal to sell St. Louis-made F/A-18s to Canada Reuters 9 hrs ago (…) Kevin Flynn • Boeing Aero India 2007 - F/A-18E/F Super Hornet in flight during air show. 2/04/2007 OTTAWA • Boeing Co. on Friday rushed to fix a gamble that looks to have gone wrong, with the defense unit of the U.S. aerospace giant seeking to fend off a Canadian threat to scrap the purchase of 18 St. Louis-made Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. Canada suggested on Thursday it could ditch its plans to buy the F/A-18s if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc. dumped jetliners in the U.S. market. Political insiders say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing’s allegations, which comes at a time when trade relations between the United States and Canada are at a low. “Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk,” the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. “However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale.” Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier. “This action is being taken against Bombardier’s pricing practices, which are illegal and aggressive. It is a very clear case of dumping,” said spokesman Charlie Miller. One industry source said a senior Boeing official tried to arrange a meeting with Trudeau recently but had been turned down. A Trudeau spokesman declined to comment but said government ministers had not met with Boeing since it launched the Bombardier challenge. Potential winners Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing’s complaint appears valid, “the secondary effects are disastrous.” He said Boeing could lose $10 billion to $20 billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes. Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp., Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts said. The U.S. Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims. “This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say ‘Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,’” said a Canadian defense industry source. Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia. The Boeing saga further increases tension between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement, with the administration of President Donald Trump on Thursday setting the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations. Last month, Washington slapped anti-dumping duties on Canadian timber, prompting Canada to threaten retaliation. Bombardier is based in the electoral important province of Quebec, where the ruling Liberal Party says it needs to pick up support to be sure of winning federal election in October 2019. Who's hired? Check our People in Business Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Canada unveiled plans to buy the Super Hornets last November as a stop-gap measure while it prepared an open five-year competition to replace its aging fleet of 77 Boeing CF-18 fighter jets. Defense analyst David Perry of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute said one option for Ottawa would be to scrap the idea of a stopgap force and go straight to the permanent competition. The threat against Boeing only complicates a Canadian military procurement system which many analysts say is broken. The previous Conservative Party government announced in 2010 it would buy 65 Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters in a sole-source contract but after protests, scrapped the decision and announced an open competition that was never held. In the run-up to the November 2015 election that brought the Liberal Party to power, Trudeau said he would not buy the F-35s on the grounds they were too expensive. His government has since softened its opposition. Military procurement in Canada is handled by both the ministers of defense and public works, neither of whom were immediately available for comment. The Pentagon is paying about $70 million each for F/A-18 Super Hornets. At that price, the Canadian purchase would be worth $1.26 billion. The Super Hornets are made at Boeing’s factories in north St. Louis County. The headquarters of Boeing’s defense unit, known as Defense, Space & Security, relocated from St. Louis to Arlington, Va., this year. The company still employs about 14,000 in the St. Louis area. The Post-Dispatch contributed to this report. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Super Hornets could be collateral damage in Boeing-Bombardier flap Canada reviewing plans to buy military equipment from Boeing Tags Boeing Politics Economics Commerce United States Canada Justin Trudeau View (…) comments Most popular In America's largest oilfield, whir of activity confounds OPEC Judge tells Uber to return Waymo files taken by engineer Schnucks comes up with new policy on solicitors after its boycott by Teamsters Anheuser-Busch InBev to invest $20 million in St. Louis-area operations Mercy Hospital and clinics to pay $34 million settlement Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section The tax man cometh: Assessed values spike in some St. Louis neighborhoods, but north side still declining Bi-State board OKs MetroLink police task force outline but details remain unclear Boeing scrambles to save deal to sell St. Louis-made F/A-18s to Canada U.S. stocks close broadly higher; oil rises McBride begins selling homesites at Maryland Oaks on Saturday Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your daily dose of community. Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Ottawa says it will review Boeing military bid amid legal battle with Bombardier Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland’s comment that it’s “reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing” appeared to be a not-so-subtle hint that the government would revisit its purchase of Super Hornets. The government has said it plans to sole-source 18 Boeing Super Hornets as a stopgap measure before running a full competition to replace its aging CF-18 fleet.   (Spc. 3rd Class Matthew Granito / U.S. Navy)   By Ross Marowits Alexander PanettaThe Canadian Press Fri., May 19, 2017 The federal government hinted Thursday that Boeing should not take future military contracts with Canada for granted, a veiled threat that coincided with a spat between the aerospace giant and rival Bombardier. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland’s comment that it’s “reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing” appeared to be a not-so-subtle hint that the government would revisit its purchase of Super Hornets. The government has said it plans to sole-source 18 Super Hornets as a stopgap measure before running a full competition to replace its aging CF-18 fleet. Read more: Bombardier and Boeing clash in trade dispute over CSeries Article Continued Below Federal government takes next step toward buying 18 Super Hornet fighter jets The Liberals say the Super Hornets, which internal estimates suggest could cost as much as $2 billion, are urgently needed. Military officials and defence industry representatives contacted by The Canadian Press on Thursday were united in assuming that Freeland’s warning related to the planned Super Hornet purchase. Freeland’s comments came as the next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded Thursday with the aerospace giants clashing at a Washington hearing. “The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began into Boeing’s claim that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. Aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia of the Teal Group said the Canadian government’s move was inevitable, putting into question Boeing’s strategy in taking on Bombardier. “If Boeing is smart it’ll press the do-over button and walk away,” he said in an interview, adding the aeronautics powerhouse has much more to risk from losing military contracts than the tiny gain from a successful trade complaint. “Boeing values Canada as a customer and supplier-partner for both our commercial and defence businesses,” said company spokesperson Dan Curran. “Two of Canada’s most recent acquisitions of Boeing military products, the C-17 Globemaster and CH-47 Chinook, were delivered on-time and/or ahead of schedule.” In an emailed statement Boeing also pointed out that it places substantial amounts of commercial and defence work in Canada and has a supply chain that “leverages the breadth and depth of the Canadian aerospace industry.” Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded a room in Washington for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day’s larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that NAFTA renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company $330 million (U.S.) a year in annual sales. “Today we are at a critical moment,” Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. “If you don’t fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later.” Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. It complains that Bombardier has received more than $3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed it to engage in “predatory pricing.” Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued Thursday that Bombardier’s own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested $1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30 per cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for $1.5 billion. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta — which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn’t lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn’t even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the CSeries is smaller than Boeing’s 737-800 and Max 8 planes. “Boeing’s petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach,” he said. “If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role.” Boeing’s annual sales were $94.6 billion last year. That means the $330 million Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of one per cent of its annual sales. Bombardier revenues last year were $16.3 billion, including $9.9 billion from aerospace activities. Read more about: Bombardier, Boeing Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 12°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs I hate getting my photo taken. Growing older makes it worse: Timson Now as my friend, writer Marni Jackson once memorably wrote, I am “gone with the wind machine.” News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Canada 150 Bombardier Donald Trump Book Reviews Panama Papers Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 6 4 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Name that airport ... Here is this week's "name that airport" photo.  Post to Facebook Name that airport ... Here is this week's "name that airport" photo.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2rzI4yu {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 6 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Name that airport ... Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 12:10 p.m. ET May 19, 2017 78 Shares Name that airport ...  (Photo: Name that airport ...) Here is this week's "name that airport" photo. If you think you can identify the photo, submit your guess by clicking the comment link and typing your answer there. Check back on Wednesday after noon ET to see the answer. Good luck! TODAY IN THE SKY: United-Alaska Air turf war? United expands 18 San Francisco routes Do you have a photo you'd like to submit for our "name that airport" series? You can email it to todaysky (-at-) gmail.com for consideration. Please be sure to include your name and city of residence along with and acknowledgment that you have taken the picture yourself. And know that we cannot respond to every e-mail. Thanks! LAST WEEK: Houston Hobby PREVIOUS WEEK: Destin-Fort Walton Beach, Fla. PRIOR WEEKS: Long Beach, Calif. | Lihue, Hawaii | Bismarck, N.D. | Los Angeles (LAX) | Nairobi, Kenya | Havana, Cuba | Pittsburgh | Orange County, Calif. | Winnipeg, Canada | Copenhagen | Green Bay, Wis. | Fargo, N.D. | Cienfuegos, Cuba | Washington Dulles | Ottawa | Minneapolis/St. Paul | Malta | Santo Domingo, Domincan Republic | Rome | Asheville, N.C. | Billund, Denmark | Midland/Saginaw/Bay City (MBS), Mich.  | Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands | Amsterdam | Jacksonville, N.C. | Dallas/Fort Worth | Skiathos, Greece | Barrow, Alaska | Baltimore/Washington (BWI) | Kangerlussuaq, Greenland | Hartford, Conn. | Barbados | San Jose, Costa Rica | Prague | Vancouver, Canada | Ithaca, N.Y. | Belize City | Gulfport/Biloxi, Miss. | Houston Bush Intercontinental | Toronto Billy Bishop (Island Airport) | Glasgow, Scotland | Kraków, Poland | Newark Liberty | Ontario, Calif. | Cusco, Peru | Doha, Qatar | Kansas City | Pensacola, Fla. | Florence, Italy | Windsor, Canada | Washington Dulles | Hobbs, N.M. | Yangon, Myanmar | Orlando | Grand Cayman, Cayman Islands | Pullman, Wash. | Columbus, Ohio | Reykjavik, Iceland | Tucson, Ariz. | Philadelphia | Denver | Baghdad, Iraq | Key West, Fla. | San Salvador, El Salvador | Dayton, Ohio | Rochester, N.Y. | Birmingham Ala | Lagos, Nigeria | Reno | Chicago O'Hare | Savannah, Ga. | Los Angeles (LAX) | Nantucket, Mass.  | Bora Bora, French Polynesia | Honolulu | Melbourne, Fla. | Syracuse, N.Y. | Galapagos Islands IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn February's #avgeek photo gallery (2017)  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Flight attendants and a pilot of German carrier Lufthansa stand at the main door of Lufthansa's first Airbus A350-900 passenger plane during a roll-out event at Munich Airport on Feb. 2, 2017 in Munich.  Alexander Hassenstein, Getty Images Fullscreen A ramp worker takes a gander at his phone while waiting for the next airplane to de-ice at Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines MD-80 takes off from Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Hawaiian Airlines Airbus A330 rests under sunny skies at Honolulu International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Sun Country jets line up at Terminal 2 at Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Japan Airlines Boeing 777s are lined up at Honolulu International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An EVA Air Boeing 777 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Jan. 7, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 757-300 taxies to a gate Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport in January 2017 as downtown Minneapolis looms in the background.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A SkyWest Bombardier CRJ taxies for departure as an Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A flight attendant for German airline Lufthansa stands in cabin of the company's first Airbus A350-900 passenger plane during a roll-out event at Munich Airport on Feb. 2, 2017 in Munich.  Alexander Hassenstein, Getty Images Fullscreen Downtown Seattle is seen from an arriving Delta Air Lines flight on Jan. 16, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue's special retro-themed Airbus A320 makes an appearance at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Sun Country Boeing 737 takes off from Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Japan Airlines Boeing 777 awaits its next flight at the Honolulu International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 757-200 takes off from Minneapolis/St.Paul International Airport in January, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Sun Country Boeing 737 leased from Dutch-carrier Transavia taxies to a gate at Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Sun Country Boeing 737 takes off from Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 767-300 slows to a stop at Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Airbus A330 begins its departure roll from Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Airbus A320 takes off from Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An American Airlines Airbus A319 jet lands at Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport train terminal in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Delta Air Lines Boeing 767-300 pushes back for departure from Honolulu International Airport on Jan. 13, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A relatively empty Terminal 1 at Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport on a slow Saturday evening in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen JetBlue's special retro-themed Airbus A320 makes an appearance at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers "Ron and Wendy" await a flight to Billings, Mont., from Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Delta Air Lines and Delta Connection jets are seen at Minneapolis/St. Paul International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Korean Air Boeing 777-300 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in January 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Though hard to see, what is likely a RC-135 is refueled by a U.S. Air Force KC-135 over Seattle in January, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Honolulu International Airport and Hickam Air Force Base as seen from a Delta Air Lines flight on Jan. 13, 2017.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 31 2 of 31 3 of 31 4 of 31 5 of 31 6 of 31 7 of 31 8 of 31 9 of 31 10 of 31 11 of 31 12 of 31 13 of 31 14 of 31 15 of 31 16 of 31 17 of 31 18 of 31 19 of 31 20 of 31 21 of 31 22 of 31 23 of 31 24 of 31 25 of 31 26 of 31 27 of 31 28 of 31 29 of 31 30 of 31 31 of 31 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rzI4yu Most Popular Iran receives first batch of French-made passenger planes
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Boeing scrambles to save big Canada fighter jet deal: source Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Fri May 19, 2017 | 6:01pm EDT Boeing scrambles to save big Canada fighter jet deal: source left right FILE PHOTO: A Bombardier CS100 aircraft sits in their hangar after a news conference announcing a contract with Delta Air Lines, in Mirabel, Quebec, Canada April 28, 2016. REUTERS/Christinne Muschi/File Photo 1/2 left right FILE PHOTO: Captain Norbert 'Smurf' Szarleta, commanding officer of Carrier Air Wing 17, breaks the sound barrier in an F/A-18F Super Hornet strike fighter during an air power demonstration aboard the aircraft carrier USS George Washington on April 17, 2008. U.S. Navy/Chief Petty Officer Augustine Cooper/Handout via REUTERS/File Photo 2/2 By David Ljunggren and Alwyn Scott | OTTAWA/SEATTLE OTTAWA/SEATTLE Boeing Co on Friday rushed to fix a gamble that looks to have gone wrong, with the defense unit of the U.S. plane maker seeking to fend off a Canadian threat to scrap the purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. That move follows Canada's threat on Thursday that it could ditch its plans to buy the jets if the United States backed Boeing's claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc dumped jetliners in the U.S. market. Political insiders say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing's allegations, which comes at a time when trade relations between the United States and Canada are at a low. "Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk," the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. "However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale." Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier. "This action is being taken against Bombardier's pricing practices which are illegal and aggressive. It is a very clear case of dumping," said spokesman Charlie Miller. One industry source said a senior Boeing official tried to arrange a meeting with Trudeau recently but had been turned down. A Trudeau spokesman declined to comment but said government ministers had not met with Boeing since it launched the Bombardier challenge. Boeing did not immediately reply to a request for comment. POTENTIAL WINNERS Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing's complaint appears valid, "the secondary effects are disastrous." He said Boeing could lose $10 billion to $20 billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes. Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp, Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts said. The U.S. Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing's claims. "This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say 'Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,'" said a Canadian defense industry source. Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia. The Boeing saga further increases tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), with the Trump administration on Thursday setting the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations.. Last month Washington slapped anti-dumping duties on Canadian timber, prompting Canada to threaten retaliation. Bombardier is based in the electoral important province of Quebec, where the ruling Liberals say they need to pick up support to be sure of winning federal election in October 2019. Canada unveiled plans to buy the Super Hornets last November as a stop-gap measure while it prepared an open five-year competition to replace its aging fleet of 77 Boeing CF-18 fighter jets. Defense analyst David Perry of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute said one option for Ottawa would be to scrap the idea of a stopgap force and go straight to the permanent competition. The threat against Boeing only complicates a Canadian military procurement system which many analysts say is broken. The previous Conservative government announced in 2010 it would buy 65 Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters in a sole-source contract but after protests, scrapped the decision and announced an open competition that was never held. In the run-up to the November 2015 election that brought the Liberals to power, Trudeau said he would not buy the F-35s on the grounds they were too expensive. His government has since softened its opposition. Military procurement in Canada is handled by both the ministers of defense and public works, neither of whom were immediately available for comment. Boeing's defense unit is called Defense, Space & Security. (Additional reporting by Allison Lampert in Montreal and Tim Hepher in Paris; Editing by Bernard Orr and Lisa Shumaker) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News U.S. tax cut hopes sent state collections down in April CHICAGO U.S. states collected less personal income tax revenue in April than they did a year earlier, a Reuters analysis shows, and analysts said they believed high earners were shifting income to next year, hoping for tax cuts from the federal government. Trump to offer exclusive contract to service U.S. student loans WASHINGTON President Donald Trump's administration will soon offer an exclusive contract that will give one company the right to service billions of dollars of outstanding federal student loans now handled by four companies, officials said on Friday. Fiat Chrysler to modify 104,000 U.S. diesel vehicles: company WASHINGTON Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV plans to update software that it expects will resolve the concerns of U.S. regulators about excess emissions in 104,000 older diesels, the Italian-American automaker said on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries Ottawa reconsiders Boeing purchases amid accusations against Bombardier Plan to buy Super Hornet jets under threat after Boeing accuses Ottawa of subsidizing Bombardier CBC News Posted: May 19, 2017 9:50 AM ET Last Updated: May 19, 2017 9:50 AM ET Canada had planned to buy 18 Boeing-made Super Hornet jets, like the one shown here, as temporary replacements for its aging fleet of CF-18s. (Mark Wilson/Reuters) Related Stories Boeing seeks duties at hearing against Bombardier CSeries Cross-border aircraft rivals Bombardier, Boeing clash in trade hearing The federal government hinted Thursday that Boeing should not take future military contracts with Canada for granted, considered by some military and defence industry officials as a veiled threat that coincided with a spat between the aerospace giant and rival Bombardier. U.S. jet maker Boeing alleged this week that the Canadian government is unfairly subsidizing its CSeries jets, which allows the company to sell them at below-market prices. "The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken," U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after a hearing in Washington began into Boeing's claim. Bombardier inks deal with Air Canada for at least 45 CSeries jets Brazil's Embraer launches WTO complaints over Ottawa's Bombardier support On Thursday, Canadian Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland said the allegations are unhelpful to ongoing trade negotiations. "The aerospace industries of Canada and the United States are highly integrated and support good, middle class jobs on both sides of the border," the minister said. "We strongly disagree with the U.S. Department of Commerce's decision." Freeland's statement also added that Ottawa is now "reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing." Military officials and defence industry representatives contacted by The Canadian Press on Thursday were united in assuming that Freeland's warning related to Ottawa's planned purchase of 18 Boeing Super Hornets to temporarily replace its aging fleet of CF-18s, a deal that could be worth up to $2 billion. Aerospace subsidies to get federal review "Our government will defend the interests of Bombardier, the Canadian aerospace industry, and our aerospace workers," Freeland's statement read. Aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia of the Teal Group said the Canadian government's move was inevitable, putting into question Boeing's strategy in taking on Bombardier. "If Boeing is smart it'll press the do-over button and walk away," he said in an interview, adding the aeronautics powerhouse has much more to risk from losing military contracts than the tiny gain from a successful trade complaint. Ottawa to give $372M to Bombardier Historically, Bombardier has been a bigger player in the smaller jet market, well below the capacity of Boeing's pancontinential 7-series planes. But with the CSeries, the company says its goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner told the hearing in D.C. that Bombardier's recent deal with Delta Air Lines for 125 CSeries helped build momentum for its Canadian rival. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company $330 million US a year in annual sales. "Today we are at a critical moment," Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. "If you don't fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later." Bombardier lowers delivery forecast for CSeries jets Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier's CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. It complains that Bombardier has received more than $3 billion US in government subsidies so far that have allowed it to engage in "predatory pricing." WIth files from The Canadian Press Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Comments FAQ Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Latest Business Headlines Loonie tops 74 cents as oil rises above $50 US May 19, 5:15 PM ET French researchers say there's a WannaCry cure — as long as you haven't rebooted May 19, 4:03 PM ET read comments Home Capital sees slight uptick in savings deposits while GICs bleed down May 19, 1:15 PM ET Ottawa reconsiders Boeing purchases amid accusations against Bombardier May 19, 9:50 AM ET read comments Canada's inflation rate steady at 1.6% in April May 19, 12:17 PM ET read comments Must Watch Video Betting on Trexit? 6:34 Matthew Shaddick at British Bookmaker Ladbrokes talks about the sudden surge in people who want to bet on how long Trump's presidency will last Video Madoff book hits the big screen 7:41 Financial journalist and author Diana Henriques talks about the mystique of fraudster Bernie Madoff and how her book 'The Wizard of Lies' has been turned into an upcoming movie on HBO Video NAFTA renegotiation 6:27 Laura Dawson, director of the Canada Institute, on how the process will unfold Video The Ticker 9:31 Stephen Murphy, dean of the Ted Rogers School of Management at Ryerson University, on some of the day's top stories Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY May 20, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 20, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 20, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 20, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 20, 2017 12:00 AM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15458.46 181.26 DOW 20804.84 141.82 NASDAQ 6083.70 28.57 SP 500 2381.73 16.01 TSX-VENTURE 806.90 6.02 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed Banff tourist bonanza spilling out beyond the park gates read comments video Are stock markets losing faith in Donald Trump? read comments Ottawa reconsiders Boeing purchases amid accusations against Bombardier read comments As 1st WannaCry deadline nears, French researchers claim cure read comments Loonie tops 74 cents as oil rises above $50 US Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss FIFTH ESTATE CRA records missing in KPMG tax dodge affair Breakfast sandwich sales boom as time-starved Canadians shun cereal at home Ottawa vows to stop forced bumping due to overbooked flights, but critics question if plan will work FIFTH ESTATE Tax adviser to revenue minister attended KPMG-sponsored Madrid conference, parties Analysis 'The worst scenario': What if Canada's real estate bubble bursts? Analysis Ransomware attack reveals bitcoin as an accessory to cybercrime: Don Pittis Go Public Credit union employees say high-pressure sales targets turn 'members' into 'marks' Analysis West Texas oil boom threatens recovery in Canadian oilpatch Rise of the veggie snack pack: How marketers are selling fresh produce to kids Analysis While ratings agencies watch Canadian banks, we should watch them: Don Pittis It's time to plan your 2020 choice: Aeroplan or Air Canada's new loyalty program? Marijuana startups get new funding from 'streaming' deals Analysis Home Capital investors are victims of Canadian real estate uncertainty: Don Pittis CBC Investigates Millions in suspected Russian crime proceeds flowed through Canadian banks, companies Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Canada’s definitive information source for Engineers, Product Designers & OEMs Design Engineering News Products Features Events More DEX Expo Digital Edition E-Newsletter Contacts Advertise E-newsletter Related Topics General Related Industries Aerospace Tagged with Boeing Bombardier ITC Could Boeing’s future military contracts with Canada be at risk? Canada could "review current military procurement that relates to Boeing," hinting that the feds would revisit its purchase of Super Hornets. 0 May 19, 2017 by Ross Marowits and Alexander Panetta The federal government hinted Thursday that Boeing should not take future military contracts with Canada for granted, a veiled threat that coincided with a spat between the aerospace giant and rival Bombardier. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland’s comment that it’s “reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing” appeared to be a not-so-subtle hint that the government would revisit its purchase of Super Hornets. The government has said it plans to sole-source 18 Super Hornets as a stop-gap measure before running a full competition to replace its aging CF-18 fleet. The Liberals say the Super Hornets, which internal estimates suggest could cost as much as $2 billion, are urgently needed. Military officials and defence industry representatives contacted by The Canadian Press on Thursday were united in assuming that Freeland’s warning related to the planned Super Hornet purchase. Freeland’s comments came as the next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded Thursday with the aerospace giants clashing at a Washington hearing. “The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began into Boeing’s claim that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. Aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia of the Teal Group said the Canadian government’s move was inevitable, putting into question Boeing’s strategy in taking on Bombardier. “If Boeing is smart it’ll press the do-over button and walk away,” he said in an interview, adding the aeronautics powerhouse has much more to risk from losing military contracts than the tiny gain from a successful trade complaint. “Boeing values Canada as a customer and supplier-partner for both our commercial and defence businesses,” said company spokesman Dan Curran. “Two of Canada’s most recent acquisitions of Boeing military products, the C-17 Globemaster and CH-47 Chinook, were delivered on-time and/or ahead of schedule.” In an emailed statement Boeing also pointed out that it places substantial amounts of commercial and defence work in Canada and has a supply chain that “leverages the breadth and depth of the Canadian aerospace industry.” Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded a room in Washington for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day’s larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that NAFTA renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company US$330 million a year in annual sales. “Today we are at a critical moment,” Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. “If you don’t fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later.” Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. It complains that Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed it to engage in “predatory pricing.” Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued Thursday that Bombardier’s own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30 per cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for US$1.5 billion. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta — which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn’t lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn’t even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the CSeries is smaller than Boeing’s 737-800 and Max 8 planes. “Boeing’s petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach,” he said. “If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role.” Boeing’s annual sales were US$94.6 billion last year. That means the US$330 million Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of one per cent of its annual sales. Bombardier revenues last year were US$16.3 billion, including US$9.9 billion from aerospace activities. News from © Canadian Press Enterprises Inc. 2016 Share Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Tags Boeing Bombardier ITC Related Boeing and Bombardier trade dispute heats up How could Boeing’s attack on Bombardier CSeries affect sales? Brazil files WTO complaint over Bombardier aid Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * E-mail * Website Boeing and Bombardier trade dispute heats up Poll What is the most compelling reason to become an engineer? Social status Financial/job stability Societal impact Intellectual/creative challenge Open-ended career paths Email This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Events Feature Automation Anti-Robot Racer B.C. engineer’s Prosthesis exoskeleton fuses fluid power and clever kinematics to create a new class of sports machine. → More Features → Digital Edition View Digital Edition Subscribe To Print Browse Print Archives Canada’s definitive information source for Mechanical Engineers, Product Designers, and OEMs @design_eng_mag Lockheed Martin designs #exoskeleton to help #soldiers carry heavy equipment: https://t.co/z0clBPptig Follow @design_eng_mag Services Subscribe to Print Subscribe to E-newsletter Advertise Contacts Manufacturing Network Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
× Like what you're reading? Never miss a thing with the HuffPost Canada Business newsletter!   Sign me up for the Daily Brief, too. Newsletter may include personalized content. Learn more. View mobile site Canada Business Edition: ca Show/Hide عربي (Arabic) AR Australia AU Brasil BR Canada CA Deutschland DE España ES France FR Ελλάδα (Greece) GR India IN Italia IT 日本 (Japan) JP 한국 (Korea) KR Maghreb MG México MX South Africa ZA United Kingdom UK United States US Region: ALL Show/Hide All Canada Alberta British Columbia Québec (en français) Follow Newsletters Get Canada BusinessNewsletters Email address Enter Email Address iOS app Android app More Desktop Alerts $USERNAME Desktop Notifications Profile Settings Logout FRONT PAGE Politics Trudeau: On Softwood Lumber, Americans Are Wrong Again 0 Canada Marijuana Legalization: Anne McLellan Says World Watching As Country Moves To Legal Market 0 Who's Maxime Bernier? From Separatist And Scandal To Tory Leadership Front-Runner (Part 2) 0 Who's Maxime Bernier? From Separatist And Scandal To Tory Leadership Front-Runner (Part 3) 0 Who's Maxime Bernier? From Separatist And Scandal To Tory Leadership Front-Runner (Part 1) 15 Go to Politics More in Politics Althia Raj Bill C-51 Salute Politics Videos You Might Also Like US Politics UK Politics Business Ontario To Get High-Speed Rail Link From Toronto To Windsor 26 Canada's Inflation Rate Steady At 1.6% As Energy Jumps, Food Prices Fall 3 Boeing-Bombardier Dispute Deepens As Ottawa Issues Veiled Threat 12 Go to Business More in Business Working Poor Joint Venture Sunny Freeman Business Videos You Might Also Like Tech TechCrunch WorldPost China Installs Rocket Launchers On Disputed South China Sea Island 0 Syrian Women Have A Message: Drop Earrings, Not Bombs 0 The Conversation Global: China's New Anti-Corruption Body Raises Worrying Questions About The Rule Of Law 0 Vladimir Putin Denies Donald Trump Revealed Classified Information In Russia Meeting 0 Go to WorldPost More in WorldPost Foreign Affairs World Elections Arab Uprising Afghanistan War Syria Crisis You Might Also Like Travel Impact Parents Italy Just Made 12 Vaccines Mandatory For School-Age Kids 0 Ontario Teen Receives Diana Award From Princes William And Harry 0 Mom Frustrated With Dress Code Writes Letter To Principal, Inviting Him To Take Daughter Shopping 0 15 Of The Best Family-Friendly Campsites In Canada 0 5 TV Shows For Kids You Didn't Know Were Canadian 0 Go to Parents More in Parents Apparently Parents Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Weddings Living Pippa Middleton's Wedding: All The Details We Know (So Far) 3 Chris Cornell's Wife Blames Anxiety Meds For His Death 0 Canadian Food Habits, Attitudes Towards Meals Are Shifting: Dalhousie Study 0 Harry Styles Joins James Cordon For Carpool Karaoke And Things Get Romantic 0 Woman Who Is Deaf Reveals Shocking Questions People Ask Her 0 Go to Living More in Living 2 Minutes To Transform Apparently I'm Sold Canada Say it. Make it. Eat it. Like A Tourist Living Videos You Might Also Like Healthy Inspiration Recipes Women Sex & Relationships Style Meghan Markle Spotted In London Wearing A Toronto Blue Jays Hat Just Before Pippa Middleton's Wedding 0 Vogue Is Rumoured To Be Featuring Chelsea Manning For Upcoming Issue 0 Shonda Rhimes Wants To Flip The Script On Beauty Ideals 0 Supermodel Niki Taylor Stuns In First Swimsuit Campaign Since The '90s 0 Go to Style More in Style Style Videos Beauty Fashion Celeb Style Wedding Style Best And Worst Dressed Skincare You Might Also Like Style (U.S.) Weddings Entertainment Donald Trump Gives Sean Spicer His Final Kiss On 'SNL' 0 Alec Baldwin's Trump Gets Skewered Again By 'Lester Holt' On 'SNL' 0 'Big Bang Theory' Star Jim Parsons Marries Longtime Partner Todd Spiewak 0 Blake Lively And Ryan Reynolds Made A Cute Surprise Cameo On 'SNL' 0 Emmy Award-Winning Character Actor Powers Boothe Dead At 68 0 Go to Entertainment You Might Also Like Music Celebrity TV Moviefone Arts A Very Considerate Person 'Fixed' Ivanka Trump's Book Display 0 'Boring Self-Care' Drawings Celebrate Everyday Mental Health Victories 0 Wrongfully Incarcerated Artist Finished Grad School Wearing An Orange Jumpsuit 0 Portraits Of Librarians Celebrate America's Bookish Unsung Heroes 0 How 'Master Of None' Captures The Loneliness Of Constant Connectivity 0 Go to Arts You Might Also Like Books Black Voices Latino Voices Gay Voices Religion Alberta Grey Wolf Topples Beaver As Canada's Greatest Animal 0 Go to Alberta More in Alberta Alberta Politics Alberta Business Rachel Notley Calgary Edmonton BC Chilliwack, B.C. Dairy Workers Jailed For Abusing Cows After Beating Video 32 Go to BC More in BC B.C. Politics B.C. Business B.C. Good News B.C. RCMP Vancouver Vancouver Housing You Might Also Like B.C.Videos All Sections News Canada Politics Canada Business US Politics US Business World Media Sports Education Crime Weird News Good News Daily Finance Entertainment Entertainment Music TV Celebrity Comedy Arts Books Moviefone Life & Style Living Style Home Healthy Living Taste Weddings Travel Parents Divorce HuffPost 50 OWN Quiet Revolution Tech & Science Tech Science Green Techcrunch Engadget TUAW Joystiq Voices Impact Women Black Voices Latino Voices Queer Voices Religion College Teen Outspeak Local Quebec (French) Calgary Montreal Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Mapquest Patch.com Our Mobile Apps: iPhone iPad Android Phone Android Tablet Business Working Poor Joint Venture The Home Stretch Business Videos Frustrated Anderson Cooper Resorts To A Comeback About Poop Quebec Fugitive Found Naked And Handcuffed Near Montreal Meghan Markle Brings Blue Jays Pride To Pippa Middleton's Wedding All The Details We Know (So Far) About Pippa Middleton's Wedding Chris Cornell's Wife Blames Anxiety Meds For His Death Italy Just Made 12 Vaccines Mandatory For School-Age Kids WATCH: Massive Truck Just Misses Couple Driving On Ontario Highway Canadian Woman In Very Critical Condition After Times Square Attack CANADA WTF? Noble Beaver Toppled As Nation's Best Animal Americans Are Wrong (Again) About Softwood Lumber: PM World Watching Canada Move To Legal Pot: Task Force Head Almost Half Of Canadians Are Eating Sad Desk Lunches Vogue Is Set To Photograph And Feature Chelsea Manning High-Speed Rail Is Coming To Ontario Harry Styles' Carpool Karaoke Got Emotional, But Like, In A Cool Way Previous Story Next Story Boeing-Bombardier Dispute Deepens As Ottawa Issues Veiled Threat CP  |  By Ross Marowits and Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press Posted: 05/19/2017 9:14 am EDT Updated: 05/19/2017 9:18 am EDT Share Tweet 0 Email Comment tumblr stumble reddit ADVERTISEMENT The federal government hinted Thursday that Boeing should not take future military contracts with Canada for granted, a veiled threat that coincided with a spat between the aerospace giant and rival Bombardier. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland's comment that it's "reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing'' appeared to be a not-so-subtle hint that the government would revisit its purchase of Super Hornets. The government has said it plans to sole-source 18 Super Hornets as a stop-gap measure before running a full competition to replace its aging CF-18 fleet. The Liberals say the Super Hornets, which internal estimates suggest could cost as much as $2 billion, are urgently needed. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland. Military officials and defence industry representatives contacted by The Canadian Press on Thursday were united in assuming that Freeland's warning related to the planned Super Hornet purchase. Freeland's comments came as the next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded Thursday with the aerospace giants clashing at a Washington hearing. "The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken,'' U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began into Boeing's claim that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. This picture taken on March 14, 2017 shows a two-seater F/A-18F Super Hornet landing on the deck of the Nimitz-class aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson during a South Korea-US joint military exercise in seas east of the Korean Peninsula. Aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia of the Teal Group said the Canadian government's move was inevitable, putting into question Boeing's strategy in taking on Bombardier. "If Boeing is smart it'll press the do-over button and walk away,'' he said in an interview, adding the aeronautics powerhouse has much more to risk from losing military contracts than the tiny gain from a successful trade complaint. "Boeing values Canada as a customer and supplier-partner for both our commercial and defence businesses,'' said company spokesman Dan Curran. "Two of Canada's most recent acquisitions of Boeing military products, the C-17 Globemaster and CH-47 Chinook, were delivered on-time and/or ahead of schedule.'' In an emailed statement Boeing also pointed out that it places substantial amounts of commercial and defence work in Canada and has a supply chain that "leverages the breadth and depth of the Canadian aerospace industry.'' A Bombardier CS300 jet. Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded a room in Washington for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day's larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that NAFTA renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company US$330 million a year in annual sales. "Today we are at a critical moment,'' Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. "If you don't fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later.'' "If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role.'' — Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum​ Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier's CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. It complains that Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed it to engage in "predatory pricing.'' Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued Thursday that Bombardier's own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30 per cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for US$1.5 billion. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta — which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn't lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn't even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the CSeries is smaller than Boeing's 737-800 and Max 8 planes. "Boeing's petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach,'' he said. "If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role.'' Boeing's annual sales were US$94.6 billion last year. That means the US$330 million Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of one per cent of its annual sales. Bombardier revenues last year were US$16.3 billion, including US$9.9 billion from aerospace activities. Also on HuffPost: Close  Canada's Strangest Imports and Exports of   The following is based on information from an Industry Canada database of Canadian imports and exports in 2012. This is by no means a complete list, but offers a look into some of what comes into and leaves Canada. Here's some of what Canada got from other countries in 2012. All numbers are in Canadian dollars. We exported $91 million in soya beans right back at them. Among Canada's biggest exports are crude oil, lumber and gold, but where are we sending lentils, binoculars or, you know, bovine semen? Thanks for the gold! This was Canada's biggest export to Haiti in 2012. Thanks for the dried grapes! In 2008, the export value was $1.5 million. Maybe the frozen french fries industry is booming. In 2008, only $66,000 worth of product was exported. Export value was $47 million in 2008 and $1.3 million in 2010. Canada exported $14,663,272 worth of ice cream to Saudi Arabia, and $6,804,398 worth to the United Arab Emirates.  Share  Tweet  ✖ Advertisement Share this ✖ close Current Slide More: business video boeing bombardier boeing bombardier Bombardier Boeing US Canada trade Canada US trade bombardier cseries cf-18 super hornet F-18 Super Hornet Suggest a correction   Click here to view Conversations Conversations Suggested For You FOLLOW HUFFPOST Email Email Address Please check the checkbox to indicate your consent Options HuffPost Daily Brief Business Get top stories and blog posts emailed to me each day.. Facebook HuffPost Business Twitter HuffPost Follow Business Follow Google Plus HuffPost Business RSS The Huffington Post Business All RSS / Feeds Phone Available on the App Store Android App on Google Play Get it at Blackberry App World advertise make HuffPost your home page RSS careers FAQ user agreement privacy policy comment policy about us about our ads contact us Archive Copyright ©2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. 2017© Part of HuffPost Business Use this form to alert a HuffPost editor about a factual or typographical error in this story. Notify message * Required * * * What kind of error is this? Choose an option Factual or typographical Comment moderation problem Rights and permissions Other * What is the correction? 0 count Describe the error here (1,000 character limit) * Type the words below so we know you are not a cyborg Sign me up for The Huffington Post's Daily Brief Thanks for your report!
Subscribe Information that drives Canadian industry News Features Insights Technology Centre Events Plant Expo Upcoming Events More Digital Edition Plant West Salary Calculator Contacts Advertise Ottawa to review Boeing Super Hornet bids in Canada Follows opening shots of trade spat over Bombardier CSeries airliners. May 19, 2017 by Ross Marowits and Alexander Panetta Topics General Industries Aerospace Government Manufacturing Tags Boeing Bombardier CSeries Freeland Super Hornet trade OTTAWA — The federal government hinted that Boeing should not take future military contracts with Canada for granted, a veiled threat that coincided with a spat between the aerospace giant and rival Bombardier. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland’s comment that it’s “reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing” appeared to be a not-so-subtle hint that the government would revisit its purchase of Super Hornets. The government has said it plans to sole-source 18 Super Hornets as a stop-gap measure before running a full competition to replace its aging CF-18 fleet. The Liberals say the Super Hornets, which internal estimates suggest could cost as much as $2 billion, are urgently needed. Military officials and defence industry representatives contacted by The Canadian Press were united in assuming that Freeland’s warning related to the planned Super Hornet purchase. Freeland’s comments came as the next potential Canada-US trade dispute unfolded with the aerospace giants clashing at a Washington hearing. “The US market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken,” US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began into Boeing’s claim that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. Aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia of the Teal Group said the Canadian government’s move was inevitable, putting into question Boeing’s strategy in taking on Bombardier. “If Boeing is smart it’ll press the do-over button and walk away,” he said in an interview, adding the aeronautics powerhouse has much more to risk from losing military contracts than the tiny gain from a successful trade complaint. “Boeing values Canada as a customer and supplier-partner for both our commercial and defence businesses,” said company spokesman Dan Curran. “Two of Canada’s most recent acquisitions of Boeing military products, the C-17 Globemaster and CH-47 Chinook, were delivered on-time and/or ahead of schedule.” In an e-mailed statement Boeing also pointed out that it places substantial amounts of commercial and defence work in Canada and has a supply chain that “leverages the breadth and depth of the Canadian aerospace industry.” Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded a room in Washington for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day’s larger trade news: the US announcement that NAFTA renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company US$330 million a year in annual sales. “Today we are at a critical moment,” Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. “If you don’t fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later.” Boeing has petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the US industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41% and anti-dumping charges of 79.82%. It complains that Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed it to engage in “predatory pricing.” Lawyers for the US aerospace giant argued Bombardier’s own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5% stake in the CSeries. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30% stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for US$1.5 billion. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta – which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn’t lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn’t even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the CSeries is smaller than Boeing’s 737-800 and Max 8 planes. “Boeing’s petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach,” he said. “If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role.” Boeing’s annual sales were US$94.6 billion last year. That means the US$330 million Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of one per cent of its annual sales. Bombardier revenues last year were US$16.3 billion, including US$9.9 billion from aerospace activities. News from © Canadian Press Enterprises Inc. 2016 Share This Post Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Print this page Related Posts Legal battle with Boeing could hurt Bombardier’s CSeries sales United selects Boeing over Bombardier’s CSeries jetliners Bombardier rejects Boeing claim CSeries dumped into US below cost Boeing predicts major plane-buying spree Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website Alberta bound phosphate shipment from W Sahara detained in Panama A Canada’s CETA pact with EU worries US lobster industry Manufacturers’ Outlook 2017 Survey results and roundtable discussion. Download PDF Sponsored by Salary Calculator Sponsored by Services Subscribe to Print E-Newsletter Advertise Content Marketing Contacts Magazine View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Trending [VIDEO] Elon Musk posts video of ‘electric sled’ for tunnel travel Trump will be remembered as an all time great president: Lighthizer NAFTA checklist: Key issues to watch as formal process set to start Ontario funded $1M electric vehicle discovery centre opens Build your skills: government funding is available – be proactive Manufacturers are seeing the value of IoT Cisco Systems announces 1,100 more layoffs as revenue declines Manufacturing Network Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Targeting federal pay & benefits•Realistic DoD budget•Stamp prices going up this fall? Headlines Get Email Alerts Sports News Home » The Associated Press » Sports News » Update on the latest… Update on the latest in business: By The Associated Press May 19, 2017 3:25 am 7 min read Share FINANCIAL MARKETS Asian shares mostly lower on Trump, Brazil worries TOKYO (AP) — Asian stocks were mostly lower today as investor worries remained about the U.S. political turmoil over an investigation into possible Russian coordination with President Donald Trump’s campaign. Markets are also being shaken by a deepening political crisis in Brazil, where President Michel Temer is facing calls for his resignation amid allegations of corruption. Stocks and the currency have plunged there. The Pentagon may be shopping with you on Amazon Advertisement U.S. shares rallied, partly cheered by a positive report jobs data, but it followed the worst drop in eight months. Fears are growing recently Trump may have trouble enacting tax cuts and other business-friendly policies. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 8.69 points, or 0.4 percent, to 2,365.72. The Dow Jones industrial average added 56.09 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,663.02. The Nasdaq composite index gained 43.89 points, or 0.7 percent, to 6,055.13. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose above $49.50 a barrel. The dollar gained against the yen and the euro. TRADE-NAFTA Trump administration announces plans to renegotiate NAFTA WASHINGTON (AP) — Making good on a campaign promise, the Trump administration has formally told Congress it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico. Check out Federal News Radio's latest podcasts. U.S. Trade Rep. Robert Lighthizer sent a letter to congressional leaders Thursday, starting 90 days of consultations with lawmakers over how to revamp the pact. Talks with Canada and Mexico can begin after that. The two-page letter offered few details about what changes the administration would seek in the 23-year-old pact that President Donald Trump has called “a disaster.” Lighthizer told reporters that any new deal should do a better job of protecting U.S. factory workers and should be updated to reflect new technologies. Last month, White House aides spread word that Trump was ready to pull out of NAFTA. Within hours, the president reversed course and said that he’d seek a better deal first. TAKATA-LAWSUIT Toyota, 3 other automakers settle suit over Takata air bags DETROIT (AP) — Toyota, Subaru, Mazda and BMW have reached a proposed settlement that would compensate owners of 15.8 million vehicles for money they lost due to the massive recall of Takata air bags. In documents filed with a federal court in Miami, the automakers agreed to pay $553 million to compensate owners and widen their efforts to make sure vehicles are being repaired. The court must still approve the settlement. Takata’s air bag inflators can explode with too much force, hurling shrapnel into drivers and passengers. The inflators are blamed for at least 16 deaths and 180 injuries worldwide. The problem touched off the largest automotive recall in U.S. history involving 42 million vehicles and 69 million air bag inflators. SPIRIT AIRLINES-PILOTS Spirit says fewer flights being canceled since injunction UNDATED (AP) — Spirit Airlines says canceled flights have dropped sharply since a judge intervened in a dispute with the pilots’ union over an alleged work slowdown. Spirit canceled 300 flights the first week of May and blamed pilots, who it said refused overtime flying to pressure the airline in contract negotiations. According to FlightAware, in the last three days through Thursday Spirit canceled 12 flights. Airline spokesman Paul Berry said it appeared pilots were picking up extra flights. Tens of thousands of passengers were stranded by cancellations this month. In Fort Lauderdale, Florida, irate passengers swarmed a Spirit ticket counter; three people were arrested. On May 9, a federal judge ordered the union not to interfere with Spirit’s business. CANADA-BOEING BOMBARDIER Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe TORONTO (AP) — Canada’s government is warning it could cancel a planned purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of U.S. Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland issued the threat in a statement Thursday. She says the government is “reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing.” Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington on Thursday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland says Boeing’s petition is “clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier’s new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the U.S. market.” She says the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department’s decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. CSX-CEO HEALTH Questions emerge about health of new CEO at CSX JACKSONVILLE, Fla. (AP) — Questions about the health of the CEO hired by CSX railroad this spring are being raised ahead of next month’s shareholder vote on his compensation. The Wall Street Journal reports 72-year-old Hunter Harrison often works from home and occasionally uses oxygen because of an undisclosed health issue Harrison told the newspaper doctors cleared him to work, and he believes he can lead the turnaround he began in March at CSX. CSX spokesman Rob Doolittle says Harrison remains actively involved in the railroad’s operations and there haven’t been questions about his performance. CSX shareholders are voting on whether the Jacksonville, Florida, railroad should pay the $84 million in compensation Harrison forfeited when he left Canadian Pacific railroad earlier than planned. Harrison says he will resign if the compensation isn’t approved. COLOMBIA-CHIQUITA-PARAMILITARIES Colombians seek probe of Chiquita execs for terror funding BOGOTA, Colombia (AP) — Human rights groups in Colombia are calling on the International Criminal Court to investigate executives from Chiquita Brands for alleged complicity in crimes against humanity as a result of payments made to paramilitary groups more than a decade ago. Chiquita in 2007 pleaded guilty in a case brought by the U.S. Justice Department to making over $1.7 million in payments to the United Self Defense Forces of Colombia and paid a $25 million fine. But activists now want to hold accountable those who authorized the payments to the U.S.-designated terrorist group. Declassified documents obtained recently by the National Security Archive through a freedom of information request for the first time name 14 Chiquita executives involved in the scandal. MLB-FACEBOOK Facebook to stream MLB game each Friday starting this week NEW YORK (AP) — Baseball fans can like their team’s games with a click starting Friday. Major League Baseball announced Facebook will carry a live game nationally each Friday starting with Colorado at Cincinnati this week. The Facebook package of 20 games will use the broadcast feed of one of the involved teams. Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred made the announcement Thursday. He calls it “really important for us in terms of experimenting with a new partner in this area.” The Twitter feed of a game each Friday, which started April 7, will be moved to Tuesdays. Dan Reed, Facebook’s head of global sports partnerships, says in a statement “baseball games are uniquely engaging community experiences, as the chatter and rituals in the stands are often as meaningful to fans as the action on the diamond.” “By distributing a live game per week on Facebook, Major League Baseball can re-imagine this social experience on a national scale,” he adds. TWITTER-PRIVACY POLICY Privacy changes coming to Twitter NEW YORK (AP) — Twitter’s new privacy policy suggests ambitions of becoming more like Facebook — more tracking of users and more targeting of ads to rake in more money. Twitter was already tracking users. For example, if you visited a webpage that had an embedded tweet or a button to share something on Twitter, you could be tracked and targeted. Jules Polonetsky, CEO of the Future of Privacy Forum, an industry-backed think tank in Washington, says that with the changes, Twitter expands the pool of people it can track and lets the company collect more data about those people when they are visiting sites around the web. For example, the company will now keep data about users’ web activities for 30 days instead of 10, which allows it to create more comprehensive profiles of people. In addition, Twitter will no longer honor the “Do Not Track” option that let people say no to being tracked by the likes of ad and social networks. Many such networks no longer honor that option anyway. Polonetsky said Twitter had been “one of the rare prominent brands that respected Do Not Track.” Twitter is also rolling out more granular controls so users can decide — to an extent — whether and how they want to be tracked and targeted. The move comes as the company reels from its first quarterly revenue drop since going public and struggles to attract more users. Related Topics Business News Government News Media News Sports News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Sports News » Update on the latest… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories House GOP presses for civil service changes, as President's 2018 proposals emerge Top Story AP FACT CHECK: Trump claims unearned exoneration on Russia Government News Congress should be more aggressive in tracking down agency inefficiencies, GAO says Management Cautious optimism surrounds Thornberry’s defense acquisition bill Acquisition Federal pay debate heads back to Capitol Hill this week Pay & Benefits Fed Photo of the Day Pennsylvania National Guard completes challenging obstacle course Today in History 2009: CDC briefs public on H1N1 flu outbreak THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 19, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8743 0.0272 2.24% L 2020 25.4849 0.0713 3.69% L 2030 28.3983 0.1247 5.24% L 2040 30.5784 0.1574 6.00% L 2050 17.5334 0.1025 6.69% G Fund 15.3241 0.0010 0.78% F Fund 17.8378 -0.0067 1.75% C Fund 33.1090 0.2235 7.16% S Fund 42.7394 0.3045 5.78% I Fund 27.9748 0.2088 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Canada May 18, 2017 10:35 pm Updated: May 18, 2017 11:47 pm Canada threatens to scrap Boeing contracts amid Bombardier pricing row By Alwyn Scott and Alana Wise Reuters ; A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter lands onto the deck of the USS Ronald Reagan during a joint naval drill between South Korea and the U.S. in the West Sea, South Korea, Oct. 28, 2015. THE CANADIAN PRESS/AP-Kim Hong-Ji/Pool Photo via AP What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen Canada suggested on Thursday it could scrap plans to buy Boeing fighter jets if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier dumped jetliners in the U.S. market. Story continues below “Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing,” Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said in a statement released late on Thursday. Canada “strongly disagrees” with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing’s claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies, the statement added. READ MORE: Boeing accuses Bombardier of dumping CSeries The remarks came after the U.S. Commerce Department launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims, and pointed to the potential for rising trade tension between the two countries. Boeing and Canada are in talks over the purchase of 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighters this year or in early 2018. WATCH: Boeing Super Hornet chief test pilot Ricardo Traven President Donald Trump has called for a stronger stance on trade with his “America First” policy that got a boost on Thursday when Commerce formally announced its intent to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. The Commerce probe in Boeing’s case, which was expected, parallels a probe by the U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) into Boeing’s allegations that Bombardier sold 75 CSeries planes to Delta Air Lines last year at a price well below cost. Bombardier has rejected the allegations and the two sides clashed at an ITC hearing on Thursday on whether the companies’ competing plane models are even comparable. READ MORE: European and U.S. aviation bodies certify Bombardier CSeries aircraft “While assuring the case is decided strictly on a full and fair assessment of the facts, we will do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers,” Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement. “Isn’t much competition” The Commerce investigation was announced as USITC staff heard arguments on Thursday from representatives for Boeing, Bombardier and Delta Air Lines Inc, which has sided with Bombardier against Boeing. The former head of Boeing’s commercial aircraft unit told the panel that government subsidies for Bombardier allowed the Canadian company to sell small, 100- to 150-seat jet liners at prices Boeing could not match. “It is untenable for us to continue competing with government subsidized competitors” Boeing Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner said. “Bombardier is very close to forcing us out of (the 100- to 150-seat market) altogether.” READ MORE: Bombardier says Pierre Beaudoin stepping down as executive chair Bombardier representative Peter Lichtenbaum countered that Boeing’s claims were overblown. “Boeing has not suffered any lost sales or lost revenues due to competition with Bombardier,” he told the panel. “There just isn’t much competition between Bombardier’s CSeries and Boeing’s products.” Delta agreed last year to buy up to 75 Bombardier CSeries planes, a deal worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8 million. How U.S. regulators decide the dispute will have a significant impact on the market for small, regional jetliners in North America and globally, and on U.S.-Canadian relations. READ MORE: Protests continue in Montreal over Bombardier CEO pay scandal The CSeries is critical to Bombardier’s future. If the United States finds that Canadian subsidies for Bombardier have harmed Boeing and imposes duties, demand for the CSeries in the United States could suffer and airlines could pay more. The disagreement between the two planemakers also adds frost to an increasingly chilly U.S.-Canadian trade relationship, along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and U.S. milk protein products. Commerce said that if the investigations determine that CSeries planes were dumped in the U.S. market or unfairly subsidized, it would collect duties equal to the value of the benefits. Those duties would increase the cost of the Bombardier planes ordered by Delta. © 2017 Thomson Reuters Report an error Air Force Boeing Boeing military contract Bombardier Bombardier dumping row Chrystia Freeland fighter jets Jetliner Jets Military Super Hornet Editor's Picks Canada Here's how much more you could be paying for fuel when the carbon tax goes into effect World Donald Trump this week: Comey, Russia and a memo Canada ‘Staggering’: Ontario filled more opioid prescriptions than ever before amid overdose 'crisis’ Canada 'Butterfly boy' Jonathan Pitre overjoyed after success of experimental treatment Consumer Proposed airline passenger rights won’t mean an end to overbooking: experts 25th amendment There's a process to remove incapable presidents, but it probably won't be used on Trump — yet Fake News Beware reports based on screenshotted tweets — here's why (again) FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now 'Doomsday' vault, built to withstand disaster, breached by water due to climate change 55656 Saudi Arabia to serve Donald Trump steak with ketchup to keep U.S. president happy 3114 7-month-old baby who weighed 9 lbs died from gluten, lactose-free diet, court hears 2664 Chris Cornell's wife, Vicky, issues statement after his death 2502 Global TV stations available once again following outage 2403 Sponsored content Popular Videos Violent confrontation between vehicle and cyclist WATCH NOW Chris Cornell dead: Soundgarden frontman and grunge icon dies at 52 WATCH NOW If you don’t have Celiac Disease, you should probably not be eating gluten free: scientists WATCH NOW Calgary senior’s wish of a lifetime comes true WATCH NOW Extreme camping tactics: What people are doing to get a spot WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Canada 2017 Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries Cross-border aircraft rivals Bombardier, Boeing clash in trade hearing Bombardier says its planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta airlines The Canadian Press Posted: May 18, 2017 10:45 AM ET Last Updated: May 18, 2017 4:08 PM ET Boeing is seeking duties on Bombardier's aircraft, charging that subsidies that Bombardier gets for its CSeries aircraft allows the company to sell the planes at below-market prices. (Ryan Remiorz/Canadian Press) Related Stories Bombardier faces lengthy legal battle with Boeing that could hurt CSeries sales Boeing pushes anti-dumping probe against Bombardier The invisible handout from taxpayers helped create Bombardier's billions: Don Pittis Bombardier's strange chokehold on the public purse: Neil Macdonald The next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded Thursday as aerospace giants clashed at a Washington hearing that marked the formal launch of investigations into Boeing's allegations that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. "The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken," U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began. "While assuring the case is decided strictly on a full and fair assessment of the facts, we will do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers." Bombardier faces lengthy legal battle with Boeing that could hurt CSeries sales Boeing pushes anti-dumping probe against Bombardier U.S. aeronautics powerhouse Boeing argued at the hearing that duties should be imposed on Bombardier aircraft, insisting its smaller Montreal-based rival receives government subsidies that give it an illicit toehold in the international market. Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded the room for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day's larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that NAFTA renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Trump administration writes Congress to officially trigger NAFTA renegotiation Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company $330 million US a year in annual sales. "Today we are at a critical moment," Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. "If you don't fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later. ... What we want is competition that is fair ... "You guys can fix this before it is too late." Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier's CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. The process is similar to the one that has led to duties on Canadian softwood lumber. These are among the looming trade disputes with the U.S., as NAFTA talks could raise the heat on differences over dairy, dispute resolution auto parts and other issues. Quebec mayors make case for 'win-win agreement' in softwood lumber dispute Boeing complains that Bombardier has received more than $3 billion US in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued Thursday that Bombardier's own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested $1 billion US in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30 per cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for S$1.5 billion US. The federal government recently provided a $372.5-million loan. That's on top of about $1 billion received in 2008 from Ottawa, Quebec and Britain to develop the CSeries. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta — which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn't lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn't even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the CSeries is smaller than Boeing's 737-800 and Max 8 planes. "Boeing's petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach," he said. "If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role." The Caisse said it will prove that its investments in Bombardier were always done on commercial terms and don't represent a subsidy. "The allegations targeting the Caisse are baseless and outrageous," Kim Thomassin, executive vice-president legal affairs, said in a news release. "We will refute them while offering our full co-operation to U.S. agencies to bring this matter to a quick and satisfactory resolution." Boeing's annual sales were $94.6 billion US last year. That means the $330 million US Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of one per cent of its annual sales. Bombardier revenues last year were $16.3 billion US, including $9.9 billion US from aerospace activities. © The Canadian Press, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Latest Business Headlines Loonie tops 74 cents as oil rises above $50 US May 19, 5:15 PM ET French researchers say there's a WannaCry cure — as long as you haven't rebooted May 19, 4:03 PM ET read comments Home Capital sees slight uptick in savings deposits while GICs bleed down May 19, 1:15 PM ET Ottawa reconsiders Boeing purchases amid accusations against Bombardier May 19, 9:50 AM ET read comments Canada's inflation rate steady at 1.6% in April May 19, 12:17 PM ET read comments Must Watch Video Betting on Trexit? 6:34 Matthew Shaddick at British Bookmaker Ladbrokes talks about the sudden surge in people who want to bet on how long Trump's presidency will last Video Madoff book hits the big screen 7:41 Financial journalist and author Diana Henriques talks about the mystique of fraudster Bernie Madoff and how her book 'The Wizard of Lies' has been turned into an upcoming movie on HBO Video NAFTA renegotiation 6:27 Laura Dawson, director of the Canada Institute, on how the process will unfold Video The Ticker 9:31 Stephen Murphy, dean of the Ted Rogers School of Management at Ryerson University, on some of the day's top stories Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY May 20, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 20, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 20, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 20, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 20, 2017 12:00 AM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15458.46 181.26 DOW 20804.84 141.82 NASDAQ 6083.70 28.57 SP 500 2381.73 16.01 TSX-VENTURE 806.90 6.02 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed Banff tourist bonanza spilling out beyond the park gates read comments video Are stock markets losing faith in Donald Trump? read comments Ottawa reconsiders Boeing purchases amid accusations against Bombardier read comments As 1st WannaCry deadline nears, French researchers claim cure read comments Loonie tops 74 cents as oil rises above $50 US Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss FIFTH ESTATE CRA records missing in KPMG tax dodge affair Breakfast sandwich sales boom as time-starved Canadians shun cereal at home Ottawa vows to stop forced bumping due to overbooked flights, but critics question if plan will work FIFTH ESTATE Tax adviser to revenue minister attended KPMG-sponsored Madrid conference, parties Analysis 'The worst scenario': What if Canada's real estate bubble bursts? Analysis Ransomware attack reveals bitcoin as an accessory to cybercrime: Don Pittis Go Public Credit union employees say high-pressure sales targets turn 'members' into 'marks' Analysis West Texas oil boom threatens recovery in Canadian oilpatch Rise of the veggie snack pack: How marketers are selling fresh produce to kids Analysis While ratings agencies watch Canadian banks, we should watch them: Don Pittis It's time to plan your 2020 choice: Aeroplan or Air Canada's new loyalty program? Marijuana startups get new funding from 'streaming' deals Analysis Home Capital investors are victims of Canadian real estate uncertainty: Don Pittis CBC Investigates Millions in suspected Russian crime proceeds flowed through Canadian banks, companies Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business A Bombardier CS300 C Series aircraft, manufactured by Bombardier Inc., lands after a flying display on day two of the 51st International Paris Air Show in Paris, France, on Tuesday, June 16, 2015. (Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg) A Bombardier CS300 C Series aircraft, manufactured by Bombardier Inc., lands after a flying display on day two of the 51st International Paris Air Show in Paris, France, on Tuesday, June 16, 2015. (Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg) Bombardier and Boeing clash in trade hearing over C Series jet Add to ... ALEXANDER PANETTA WASHINGTON — The Canadian Press Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 11:46AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 4:57PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print The next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded on Thursday as aerospace giants clashed at a Washington hearing that marked the formal launch of investigations into Boeing Co.’s allegations that Bombardier Inc. received subsidies allowing it to sell its C Series planes at below-market prices. “The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began. “While assuring the case is decided strictly on a full and fair assessment of the facts, we will do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers.” U.S. aeronautics powerhouse Boeing argued at the hearing that duties should be imposed on Bombardier aircraft, insisting its smaller Montreal-based rival receives government subsidies that give it an illicit toehold in the international market. Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded the room for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day’s larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that North American free-trade agreement renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company $330-million (U.S.) a year in annual sales. “Today, we are at a critical moment,” Mr. Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. “If you don’t fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later. … What we want is competition that is fair … You guys can fix this before it is too late.” Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier’s C Series aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. The process is similar to the one that has led to duties on Canadian softwood lumber. These are among the looming trade disputes with the United States, as NAFTA talks could raise the heat on differences over dairy, dispute resolution auto parts and other issues. Boeing complains that Bombardier has received more than $3-billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in “predatory pricing.” Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued on Thursday that Bombardier’s own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested $1-billion in exchange for a 49.5-per-cent stake in the C Series. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30-per-cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for $1.5-billion. The federal government recently provided a $372.5-million (Canadian) loan. That’s on top of about $1-billion received in 2008 from Ottawa, Quebec and Britain to develop the C Series. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta – which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn’t lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn’t even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the C Series is smaller than Boeing’s 737-800 and Max 8 planes. “Boeing’s petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach,” he said. “If this is a case of David versus Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role.” The Caisse said it will prove that its investments in Bombardier were always done on commercial terms and don’t represent a subsidy. “The allegations targeting the Caisse are baseless and outrageous,” Kim Thomassin, executive vice-president legal affairs, said in a news release. “We will refute them while offering our full co-operation to U.S. agencies to bring this matter to a quick and satisfactory resolution.” Boeing’s annual sales were $94.6-billion (U.S.) last year. That means the $330-million Mr. Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of 1 per cent of its annual sales. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail This is the Bombardier aircraft that Ottawa just backed with an interest-free loan (The Globe and Mail)   BBD.B-TBombardier Inc Latest Price$2.11 +0.05 (+2.43%) BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$180.76 +3.36 (+1.89%) Updated May 19 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story ERIC REGULY In refusing to leave, Bombardier’s Beaudoin misses a chance to do the honourable thing Opinion Bombardier is poster child of the curse of Canada’s dual-class share structure U.S. opens probe into Boeing's dumping claims against Bombardier Topics The Boeing Company Bombardier Inc. Trade Aerospace Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Opinion: What is cultural appropriation? Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News Flooding on Toronto Islands affecting businesses Life Add some flair to your long weekend BBQ with this surf and turf dish News Obese monkey gets help with junk food habit Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs Report on Business IBM's quantum computer gets powerful upgrade News Nova Scotia PC, NDP leaders take aim at Premier News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor No advice but still a price: Fund fees for DIY investors draw fire Arts At Cannes, the screen belongs to female filmmakers Most popular Team Trudeau’s precarious friendship with Jared Kushner First Nations leaders question safety of youth in Thunder Bay May 20: Your daily horoscope Report says La Loche shooter asked if he would get gift to mark anniversary of attack Will Ottawa’s new plan lower Canada's high drug prices? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz This Is How the U.S. Navy Plans to Crush China and Russia's Air Defenses Dave Majumdar May 18, 2017 TweetShareShare The Naval Air Systems Command (NAVAIR) has completed a critical design review for the first increment of the Next Generation Jammer (NGJ). The new Raytheon-built AN/ALQ-249 jammer will be an essential tool for the Navy’s Boeing EA-18G Growler fleet to counter the growing threat from advanced Russian and Chinese-built air defenses such as the S-400 and HQ-9. The existing 40-year-old ALQ-99 jammers are not particularly useful against those advanced threat systems. “The Airborne Electronic Attack Systems and EA-6B program office (PMA-234) completed a critical design review (CDR) for the AN/ALQ-249 Next Generation Jammer (NGJ) Increment (Inc) 1 Mid-band program at Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Maryland, in late April,” reads a NAVAIR statement. “During CDR, it was determined that the design and development are on track to meet crucial warfighter requirements, and fabrication, demonstration and test could proceed.” With the CDR completed, the Raytheon and Boeing—which will be responsible for integrating the new system onto the Growler—will move into the final design and fabrication phases of the program. “The system is now in the Engineering and Manufacturing Development phase with Raytheon Space and Air Systems, the pod prime contractor, and Boeing, the EA-18G GROWLER aircraft integration prime contractor,” NAVAIR states. “The AN/ALQ-249 NGJ Inc 1 Mid-band capability, once fielded, will transform the way the U.S. Navy conducts electronic warfare.” The new jammer—which uses Gallium Nitride-based phased arrays—is many times more capable than the existing ALQ-99 pods. With its electronically scanning and ability to use novel jamming techniques, the open-architecture NGJ will be a formidable addition to the Growler’s arsenal. That’s especially true when the NGJ is combined with advanced datalinks such as the Tactical Targeting Network Technologies (TTNT) that can move information many times faster than the current Link-16. “The system will address the emerging, advanced threats and increased threat density using the latest Active Electronically Scanned Array, also known as AESA, digital and software-based technologies,” the NAVAIR statement reads. The first NGJ increment is scheduled to become operational by 2021. But the Navy is already starting to look at follow-on increments that would deal with threats in the low and high bands. Increment 2, which is likely to be fielded in the late 2020s, will be designed to jam low-frequency early warning radars that can detect stealth aircraft. The third increment will be designed to engage high frequency fire-control band radars. Together, the three versions of the NGJ pods will form a complete set of jammers—much like today’s ALQ-99—but with fewer, but much more capable pods. The NGJ program is a high priority for the fleet as advanced air defense like the S-400 and HQ-9 proliferate. Thus, the new jammer can’t be operational too soon. Dave Majumdar is the defense editor for the National Interest. You can follow him on Twitter: @davemajumdar. TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar The Dealmaker-in-Chief Goes to Jerusalem Trump should be ambitious, but he can’t badger Netanyahu and Abbas into making a deal. Daniel R. DePetris How the United States Is Turning Saudi Arabia Into a Military Juggernaut The Trump Administraion announces over $100 Billion in arms sales to Riyadh—including some of Washington's most advanced pieces of hardware.  Dave Majumdar How Kosovo Poisoned America's Relationship with Russia The Kosovo intervention set terrible precedents that have come back to haunt the West. Ted Galen Carpenter Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Ottawa to review Boeing military bids in Canada after battle with Bombardier | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Donald Trump Dinosaur fossil Missing child Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Ottawa to review Boeing military bids in Canada after battle with Bombardier Models of Bombardier C-series airplanes are shown at a news conference in Montreal, Que., Tuesday, Feb. 7, 2017.(THE CANADIAN PRESS / Paul Chiasson) Ross Marowits and Alexander Panetta, The Canadian Press Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 12:21PM EDT Last Updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 8:38PM EDT The federal government hinted Thursday that Boeing should not take future military contracts with Canada for granted, a veiled threat that coincided with a spat between the aerospace giant and rival Bombardier. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland's comment that it's "reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing" appeared to be a not-so-subtle hint that the government would revisit its purchase of Super Hornets. The government has said it plans to sole-source 18 Super Hornets as a stop-gap measure before running a full competition to replace its aging CF-18 fleet. The Liberals say the Super Hornets, which internal estimates suggest could cost as much as $2 billion, are urgently needed. Military officials and defence industry representatives contacted by The Canadian Press on Thursday were united in assuming that Freeland's warning related to the planned Super Hornet purchase. Freeland's comments came as the next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded Thursday with the aerospace giants clashing at a Washington hearing. "The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken," U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began into Boeing's claim that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. Aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia of the Teal Group said the Canadian government's move was inevitable, putting into question Boeing's strategy in taking on Bombardier. "If Boeing is smart it'll press the do-over button and walk away," he said in an interview, adding the aeronautics powerhouse has much more to risk from losing military contracts than the tiny gain from a successful trade complaint. "Boeing values Canada as a customer and supplier-partner for both our commercial and defence businesses," said company spokesman Dan Curran. "Two of Canada's most recent acquisitions of Boeing military products, the C-17 Globemaster and CH-47 Chinook, were delivered on-time and/or ahead of schedule." In an emailed statement Boeing also pointed out that it places substantial amounts of commercial and defence work in Canada and has a supply chain that "leverages the breadth and depth of the Canadian aerospace industry." Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded a room in Washington for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day's larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that NAFTA renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company US$330 million a year in annual sales. "Today we are at a critical moment," Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. "If you don't fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later." Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier's CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. It complains that Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed it to engage in "predatory pricing." Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued Thursday that Bombardier's own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30 per cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for US$1.5 billion. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta -- which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn't lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn't even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the CSeries is smaller than Boeing's 737-800 and Max 8 planes. "Boeing's petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach," he said. "If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role." Boeing's annual sales were US$94.6 billion last year. That means the US$330 million Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of one per cent of its annual sales. Bombardier revenues last year were US$16.3 billion, including US$9.9 billion from aerospace activities. Related Stories NAFTA negotiations checklist: A guide to key issues Bombardier rejects Boeing claim CSeries was dumped into the U.S. at below cost Bombardier faces lengthy legal battle with Boeing that may hurt CSeries sales Air Canada CEO says he is glad Bombardier challenged aircraft 'duopoly' Bombardier beware, Ont. signs deal to buy light-rail vehicles elsewhere Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Friday, May 19, 2017 Air Date: May 19, 2017 false CTV National News: Investigation continues Air Date: May 19, 2017 false CTV National News: Highway catastrophe Air Date: May 19, 2017 false CTV National News: Canada threatens retaliation Air Date: May 19, 2017 false CTV National News: Trump’s first trip Air Date: May 19, 2017 false CTV National News: Still stormy in N.B. Air Date: May 19, 2017 false Road rage incidents prompt police tips for drivers Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Remarkable find for Ottawa family Air Date: May 19, 2017 false CTV National News: Bike built for two Air Date: May 19, 2017 false Thai monkey gets fat on tourist junk food Air Date: May 19, 2017 false CTV News Channel: ‘It’s going to come out’ Air Date: May 19, 2017 false Tulip trouble: Canada 150 bulbs show wrong colour Air Date: May 18, 2017 More news from Business Canada, provinces and industry still negotiating bailout for softwood producers Ontario loosening solvency requirements for defined benefit pensions Feds urge airlines to end bumping of passengers before law takes effect Ex-IBM Corp. employee admits to economic espionage charge Uber Freight extends on-demand service to trucking Ford to invest $350 million in Michigan plant Join the conversation... Advertisement BNN VIDEOS _ _ WATCH: Reasons to watch Trump, U.S. dollar and U.S. housing next week _ WATCH: Andrew McCreath's Look Ahead _ WATCH: Too much oil supply in the markets: Part Two _ WATCH: Too much oil supply in the markets: Part One CTV News Video Network false Fresh allegations emerge about Trump and White House false President Trump to visit epicenter of Middle East conflict false Canada threatens to cancel Boeing fighter jets false New report sheds light into Montreal highway catastrophe CTV National News for May 19: Fresh Trump allegations Most Popular Stories 1 Toronto police locate missing 11-month-old and mother 2 Canadian critically injured in Times Square crash 9 3 Freedom Cove: B.C. couple lives on nature-inspired floating island 2 4 Trump tells Russians Comey was a 'nut job' 4 5 Homicide investigation launched after missing B.C. teen found dead 3 6 Armoured dinosaur discovered in Alberta mine 'best preserved' ever, museum says 1 7 Gas prices expected to drop for holiday long weekend 2 8 Amber Heard shows off form-fitting 'Aquaman' costume 9 N.S. gas station worker getting closer to solving mystery of lost ring 1 10 'It just blows your mind': Orca teaches calves to hunt in amazing video 2 Don't Miss false How Canadians are gearing up for Victoria long weekend false Visually impaired volunteer delivers meals to less fortunate false 60 years strong: Montreal bagel shop hits milestone CANADA 'It came without any notice': Tornadoes suspected in violent N.B. storm Trudeau to ask Pope to apologize over residential schools Halifax police rescue dogs from sweltering car, give owner steep fine WORLD North Korea vows to strengthen nukes as U.S. amps up pressure WikiLeaks' Assange calls end of rape case important victory In New Orleans, Confederate monuments are finally gone ENTERTAINMENT Chris Cornell's family disputes suicide claim Wyclef Jean urges fans to support Haitian immigrants Amber Heard shows off form-fitting 'Aquaman' costume HEALTH 113 Albertans die from fentanyl overdoses in first quarter of 2017 Canada ranks well in global health care access study, but room for improvement Century-old fertility technique may reduce need for IVF POLITICS Trudeau swats away Super Hornet questions amid Boeing-Bombardier dispute Is Ottawa's Boeing threat 'dishonorable' or 'leverage'?: Two analysts weigh in Trudeau Liberals delay gun-marking regulations despite election promise SCI-TECH Microsoft withheld update that could have slowed WannaCry: report Ontario police testing GPS darts as alternative to high speed chases Washington state loses fight, might pay up to $2B to save salmon BUSINESS Canada, provinces and industry still negotiating bailout for softwood producers Ontario loosening solvency requirements for defined benefit pensions Feds urge airlines to end bumping of passengers before law takes effect AUTOS Singapore car 'vending machine' dispenses with tradition Fiat Chrysler seeks diesel emission certification from EPA Design sketches for Route 66 neon signs rescued, preserved SPORTS Cavs send Celtics to record loss, 130-86, lead series 2-0 Agent: Brady didn't have concussion last season Nadal's winning streak on clay ends at 17 matches in Rome Lifestyle Freedom Cove: B.C. couple lives on nature-inspired floating island My sick little pony: Blind woman nurses pal back to health Almost 40 per cent of Canadians eat lunch at their desks, new research shows CTV News on the Go false Storm that battered New Brunswick could be tornado Thai monkey fat from tourist junk food gets put on diet Ontario Provincial Police fielding spy-like tracking dart In Pictures   Musician Chris Cornell dies at 52 Couple lives on man-made, off-the-grid island in B.C. 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Top Canada links fighter jet deal to Boeing's dumping claims Add to ... By Alwyn Scott and Alana Wise SEATTLE — Reuters Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 7:58PM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 7:58PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Canada suggested on Thursday it could scrap plans to buy Boeing Co fighter jets if the United States backed Boeing's claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc dumped jetliners in the U.S. market. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said in a statement released late on Thursday. Canada "strongly disagrees" with the U.S. Commerce Department decision to investigate Boeing's claims that Bombardier sold planes below cost in the United States and benefited unfairly from Canadian government subsidies, the statement added. The remarks came after the U.S. Commerce Department launched an investigation into Boeing's claims, and pointed to the potential for rising trade tension between the two countries. Boeing and Canada are in talks over the purchase of 18 Boeing Super Hornet fighters this year or in early 2018. President Donald Trump has called for a strong stronger stance on trade with his "America First" policy that got a boost on Thursday when Commerce formally announced its intent to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. The Commerce probe in Boeing's case, which was expected, parallels a probe by the U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) into Boeing's allegations that Bombardier sold 75 CSeries planes to Delta Air Lines Inc last year at a price well below cost. Bombardier has rejected the allegations and the two sides clashed at an ITC hearing on Thursday on whether the companies' competing plane models are even comparable. "While assuring the case is decided strictly on a full and fair assessment of the facts, we will do everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers," Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement. "ISN'T MUCH COMPETITION" The Commerce investigation was announced as USITC staff heard arguments on Thursday from representatives for Boeing, Bombardier and Delta Air Lines Inc, which has sided with Bombardier against Boeing. The former head of Boeing's commercial aircraft unit told the panel that government subsidies for Bombardier allowed the Canadian company to sell small, 100- to 150-seat jet liners at prices Boeing could not match. "It is untenable for us to continue competing with government subsidized competitors" Boeing Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner said. "Bombardier is very close to forcing us out of (the 100- to 150-seat market) altogether." Bombardier representative Peter Lichtenbaum countered that Boeing's claims were overblown. "Boeing has not suffered any lost sales or lost revenues due to competition with Bombardier," he told the panel. "There just isn't much competition between Bombardier's CSeries and Boeing's products." Delta agreed last year to buy up to 75 Bombardier CSeries planes, a deal worth an estimated $5.6 billion based on the list price of about $71.8 million. How U.S. regulators decide the dispute will have a significant impact on the market for small, regional jetliners in North America and globally, and on U.S.-Canadian relations. The CSeries is critical to Bombardier's future. If the United States finds that Canadian subsidies for Bombardier have harmed Boeing and imposes duties, demand for the CSeries in the United States could suffer and airlines could pay more. The disagreement between the two planemakers also adds frost to an increasingly chilly U.S.-Canadian trade relationship, along with disputes over Canadian softwood lumber and U.S. milk protein products. Commerce said that if the investigations determine that CSeries planes were dumped in the U.S. market or unfairly subsidized, it would collect duties equal to the value of the benefits. Those duties would increase the cost of the Bombardier planes ordered by Delta. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott, Alana Wise and David Lawder and Allison Lampert; Editing by Andrew Hay and Bill Trott) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   DAL-NDelta Air Lines Inc Latest Price$48.20 +0.54 (+1.13%) BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$180.76 +3.36 (+1.89%) BBD.B-TBombardier Inc Latest Price$2.11 +0.05 (+2.43%) Updated May 19 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics United States of America The Boeing Company Donald Trump Delta Air Lines, Inc. U.S. International Trade Commission Chrystia Freeland Bombardier Inc. U.S. Commerce Department Canada Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Opinion: What is cultural appropriation? Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News Flooding on Toronto Islands affecting businesses Life Add some flair to your long weekend BBQ with this surf and turf dish News Obese monkey gets help with junk food habit Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs Report on Business IBM's quantum computer gets powerful upgrade News Nova Scotia PC, NDP leaders take aim at Premier News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor No advice but still a price: Fund fees for DIY investors draw fire Arts At Cannes, the screen belongs to female filmmakers Most popular Team Trudeau’s precarious friendship with Jared Kushner First Nations leaders question safety of youth in Thunder Bay May 20: Your daily horoscope Report says La Loche shooter asked if he would get gift to mark anniversary of attack Will Ottawa’s new plan lower Canada's high drug prices? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
20/05/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Newsletter Euronews, international news يورونيوز، أخبار دولية Euronews, internationale Nachrichten Euronews, noticias internacionales Euronews, actualités internationales Euronews, ΔΙΕΘΝΗ ΝΕΑ Euronews, Nemzetközi hírek Euronews, Notizie internazionali اخبار بین‌المللی Euronews, Notícias internacionais Международные новости Euronews, DÜNYA Euronews, міжнародні новини Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video More Video Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Programs Europe State of the union World World news Insiders Focus Insight The global conversation Cop22 View Aid zone Business Markets Business line Miptv – mipcom Business planet Real economy Target Sport The corner Speed Gravity Culture Cinema Postcards Cult Wander Metropolitans Musica Life Adventures Sci-tech Futuris Smart care Sci-tech Boarding pass Space All programs Channels Living It Savoir-faire Savoir-vivre Style & trends Cuisine & wellness Travel & design Rides & experiences News Europe World Business Sport Quotes Lifestyle Culture Knowledge Sci-tech Video No Comment Bulletin Live European affairs Europe All views Business 19/05/2017 Back from bankruptcy and how to avoid it Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "200,000 companies each year go bankrupt in Europe." Pol Vermoere Co-founder, Dyzo World 19/05/2017 Sold! Basquiat 'skull' canvas goes for 84 million euros at 'electrifying' auction Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "He wouldn’t stop doing heroin. He was an amazing man and deeply talented, I loved him." Madonna Culture 18/05/2017 The Met celebrates 50 years at the Lincoln Center Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "...it’s about self-confidence too, how strong you are, can you do it or not?" Sonya Yoncheva Soprano Culture 18/05/2017 A life in opera Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "In the same way movies have changed over 50 years...opera has to change as well." Peter Gelb GM, Metropolitan Opera World 18/05/2017 Suicide rate is highest in Europe: UN health agency report Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "If countries don't know what makes people get sick and die, it's a lot harder to know what to do about it." Marie-Paule Kieny World Health Organization Europe 18/05/2017 NATO and EU defence ministers talk cooperation, Trump and cyber security Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet Business 18/05/2017 General Motors bails out of India and South Africa Page 1 Copy 34 Point of view "Are we spending time pursuing opportunities … or all of our time fixing problems" Dan Ammann General Motors President Business 18/05/2017 British shoppers spend, spend, spend in April - not deterred by inflation Page 1 Copy 34 Tweet more quotes Weather Bulletin Live Just In BREAKING NEWS Home > News > Business > Boeing seeks talks with Canada over threat to scrap jet purchase - source Aa Aa Now Reading: Boeing seeks talks with Canada over threat to scrap jet purchase - source 19/05/2017 Boeing seeks talks with Canada over threat to scrap jet purchase - source REUTERS 19/05/2017 By David Ljunggren OTTAWA (Reuters) – Boeing Co’s defence unit wants talks with Canadian officials as it tries to fend off a government threat to scrap the purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the situation said on Friday. Canada suggested on Thursday it could ditch its plans to buy the jets if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc dumped jetliners in the U.S. market. “Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk,” said the source, who requested anonymity given the sensitivity of the situation. “However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale.” If Boeing did indeed gamble that it could challenge Bombardier while sealing an order for fighter jets, the costs could be significant, analysts said. Political sources say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing’s allegations. Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing’s complaint appears valid, “the secondary effects are disastrous”. He said Boeing could lose $10 billion (7.67 billion pounds) to $20 billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes. Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp, Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB <SAABb.ST>, analysts said. The U.S. Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims. “This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say ‘Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,’ said a Canadian defence industry source. Bombardier is based in the powerful province of Quebec, where the ruling Liberals say they need to pick up support to be sure of winning an election in October 2019. Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia. Canada unveiled plans to buy the Super Hornets last November as a stop-gap measure while it prepared an open five-year competition to replace its ageing fleet of 77 Boeing CF-18 fighter jets. Defense analyst David Perry said one option for Ottawa would be to scrap the idea of a stopgap force and go straight to the permanent competition. Military procurement in Canada is handled by both the ministers of defence and public works, neither of whom were immediately available for comment. Boeing said it would respond later in the day. Boeing’s defence unit is called Defense, Space & Security. (Additional reporting by Alwyn Scott in Seattle; Editing by Bernard Orr and Lisa Shumaker) Share this article: euronews provides breaking news articles from reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes. Articles appear on euronews.com for a limited time. Today's Top Stories BREAKING NEWS world news 20/05/2017 Rouhani leads in Iran's presidential election - preliminary results United Kingdom 19/05/2017 Assange hails ''important victory'' after Sweden drops rape investigation Brazil 19/05/2017 Brazil's Temer accused of corruption and obstruction of justice Most viewed United Kingdom 19/05/2017 Assange hails ''important victory'' after Sweden drops rape investigation state of the union 19/05/2017 State of the Union: Hungary in the EU's firing line world news 19/05/2017 Marine Le Pen regrets 'aggressive' debate performance against Macron Sweden 19/05/2017 Sweden drops charges against Assange, but Wikileaks founder "does not forgive... world news 19/05/2017 Jean-Michel Basquiat painting sold for $110m, becomes sixth most expensive... Editor's choice Style & Trends 18/05/2017 4 Trends we spotted at Decoded Fashion world news 19/05/2017 Lancet report ranks Britain's health care system behind its European neighbours world news 18/05/2017 A week in Pictures ... Macrons seal victory with a kiss Flashback: one year ago Iraq 20/05/2016 Iraq: Baghdad Green Zone protests turn violent as security forces open fire USA 20/05/2016 Uber taxi driver hauled from court over abuse Austria 20/05/2016 Austrian elections: Van der Bellen, 'the gentle candidate' Austria 20/05/2016 Norbert Hofer the "friendly face" of Austria's far-right Freedom Party Sport 20/05/2016 Bolt builds up speed ahead of Rio Editor's choice Style & Trends 18/05/2017 4 Trends we spotted at Decoded Fashion world news 19/05/2017 Lancet report ranks Britain's health care system behind its European neighbours world news 18/05/2017 A week in Pictures ... Macrons seal victory with a kiss Iran 14/05/2017 Iran: presidential campaign breaks boundaries world news 18/05/2017 What are the Brexit policies in the UK election? world news 18/05/2017 Russian minister hints at using cinema ticket prices to hit back at foreign... world news 17/05/2017 Watch euronews' French election VR experience brussels bureau 18/05/2017 The Brief from Brussels: defence ministers meet, Facebook fined world news 17/05/2017 Which EU state is the world's heaviest-drinking country? Channels Weather Bulletin Live Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Browse today's tags USA France United Kingdom Justice Julian Assange Auction Hassan Rouhani Sweden Verticals Living It News Lifestyle Knowledge Video European affairs Quotes Topics Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programs Channels Live Bulletin Weather Just In Widgets & Services Euronews radio Africanews Corporate About Euronews EU Coverage Terms and Conditions Cookie Policy Contact Distribution Advertising Jobs Copyright © euronews 2017 Europe World Business Sport Culture Sci-tech Video Programmes 20/05/2017 English English Français Deutsch Italiano Español Português Русский Українська Türkçe Ελληνικά Magyar فارسی العربية Join Us Newsletter
Is Ottawa's Boeing threat 'dishonorable' or 'leverage'?: Two analysts weigh in | CTV News Skip to Main Content Skip to Section Links CTV News Mobile CTV Live Now: CTV News Channel HOT TOPICS Donald Trump Dinosaur fossil Missing child Search Search CTV News X NEWS VIDEO LOCAL SHOWS CTV NEWS CHANNEL MYNEWS CONNECT ABOUT Sections CTV News Canada World Entertainment Politics Sci-Tech Health Sports Lifestyle Autos Business 5 Things to Know Politics: Don Martin The Green File Weather Photo Galleries Sections Latest CTV News on the Go Lifestyle Entertainment Health Captured on Camera MyNews Autos Consumer Technology Finance Shows CTV National News Power Play CTV QP W5 LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help CTV Atlantic Calgary Edmonton Kitchener Montreal Northern Ontario Ottawa Regina Saskatoon Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg CTV Two Alberta Atlantic Barrie London Ottawa Vancouver Island Windsor News Programs CTV National News QP W5 CTV News Channel Power Play Schedule Follow CTV News Facebook Twitter Google + Pinterest YouTube Instagram LinkedIn Contact Contact CTV News Newsbreaker Subscribe RSS Feeds Breaking news alerts Newsletters LIVE CTV News LIVE CTV News GO Video Help SECTIONS About Bell Media CTV News Mobile CTV.ca Contests CTV News Stox CTV News Channel CTV News Channel Schedule CTV Schedule BIOS CTV National News Team CTV News Digital Team CTV News Channel W5 Team Advertisement Is Ottawa's Boeing threat 'dishonorable' or 'leverage'?: Two analysts weigh in CTVNews.ca Staff Published Friday, May 19, 2017 9:53PM EDT This week, the federal government hinted that it may cancel a multi-billion dollar purchase of fighter jets from Boeing after the American aerospace giant accused Canada’s Bombardier of receiving unfair subsidies -- a move that one analyst is blasting as “dishonorable” but another welcomes as “leverage.” “The notion that… after the two years that they’ve been in power and have selected an option, they’re frankly willing to throw that all away for a trade war actually disgusts me,” Alan Williams, a former assistant deputy minister of materiel at the Department of National Defence told CTV News Channel on Friday. “Surely, you could have found some other way to fight this trade war, rather than on the backs of the military,” Williams, who is now president of The Williams Group, which provides expertise in policy, programs and procurement, added. “I thought that was totally dishonorable, and frankly, I am embarrassed and ashamed.” In November, the federal government announced that it is aiming to acquire 18 new Super Hornet jets from Boeing in order to close what it called a “capability gap” in Canada’s aging air force fleet. Suggesting that the purchase may be cancelled, however, could also be seen as Canada strengthening its position prior to NAFTA renegotiations, says Adam Taylor, president of the Export Action Group and a former senior advisor to Conservative Minister of International Trade Ed Fast. “I think this is not yet quite a retaliation,” Taylor told CTV News on Friday. “This is not quite a poke the bear in the eye. This is a shot across the bow ahead of what I think both sides anticipate will be an intense and difficult NAFTA renegotiation.” Taylor says he supports Canada’s bold stance against Boeing. “At the end of the day, Canada needs to show that it does have leverage and it needs to be forceful,” he said. “I believe if we show we’re forceful now, then we soften at the negotiating table, then that might be a good approach and a good strategy for Canada.” Taylor said that while countries will always defend their companies, they should also be aware of how free and open trade is mutually beneficial. “Every dispute threatens that,” Taylor said. “The benefits of free and open trade far outweigh the consequences of erecting new barriers and allowing these types of disputes to dominate our trade relationship.” Related Stories Trudeau swats away Super Hornet questions amid Boeing-Bombardier dispute Ottawa to review Boeing military bids in Canada after battle with Bombardier Air Canada CEO says he is glad Bombardier challenged aircraft 'duopoly' Bombardier faces lengthy legal battle with Boeing that may hurt CSeries sales Bombardier rejects Boeing claim CSeries was dumped into the U.S. at below cost Photos A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Super Hornet fighter prepares to land onto the deck of the USS Ronald Reagan, a Nimitz-class nuclear-powered super carrier, during a joint naval drill between South Korea and the U.S. in the West Sea, South Korea, Friday, Oct. 14, 2016. (Kim Hong-Ji/Pool Photo via AP) Report Error MOST WATCHED false CTV National News for Friday, May 19, 2017 Air Date: May 19, 2017 false CTV National News: Investigation continues Air Date: May 19, 2017 false CTV National News: Highway catastrophe Air Date: May 19, 2017 false CTV National News: Canada threatens retaliation Air Date: May 19, 2017 false CTV National News: Trump’s first trip Air Date: May 19, 2017 false CTV National News: Still stormy in N.B. Air Date: May 19, 2017 false Road rage incidents prompt police tips for drivers Air Date: May 18, 2017 false Remarkable find for Ottawa family Air Date: May 19, 2017 false CTV National News: Bike built for two Air Date: May 19, 2017 false Thai monkey gets fat on tourist junk food Air Date: May 19, 2017 false CTV News Channel: ‘It’s going to come out’ Air Date: May 19, 2017 false Tulip trouble: Canada 150 bulbs show wrong colour Air Date: May 18, 2017 More stories from Politics Trudeau swats away Super Hornet questions amid Boeing-Bombardier dispute Is Ottawa's Boeing threat 'dishonorable' or 'leverage'?: Two analysts weigh in Trudeau Liberals delay gun-marking regulations despite election promise Feds asking domestic abuse victims to face abusers for child benefit: NDP Security consultations suggest preference for freedoms over new powers World watching Canada as it moves ahead on cannabis legalization: McLellan Join the conversation... Advertisement Featured Politics false CTV's Question Period Canada's top weekly Sunday morning political program false Power Play Don Martin talks to people and players who dominate the political scene. Facebook Power Play Podcast Recorded in Ottawa featuring all the political news and issues that matter most. Hosted by CTV’s Don Martin, the program is a must for political insiders. Power Play Podcast Episode #370: Government supports Magnitsky-style law Episode #369: U.S. triggers NAFTA renegotiation process and Don Martin’s Last Word Episode #368: Calls to impeach President Trump CTV Power Play Podcast on iTunes Facebook QP Podcast Listen and subscribe to the CTV Question Period Podcast to get your weekly fix of political news. QP Podcast #192: Freeland 'enthusiastic' to begin NAFTA re-negotiation talks QP Podcast #191: Goodale says more troops to help with flood relief QP Podcast #190: Reacting to Trump's trade tirade on Canada's dairy industry QP Podcast #189: The politics of pot: Liberal's marijuana legalization plan sparks debate QP Podcast #188: Will the Liberals be able to keep their legalization timeline? iTunes: Subscribe now to the QP Podcast CANADA 'It came without any notice': Tornadoes suspected in violent N.B. storm Trudeau to ask Pope to apologize over residential schools Halifax police rescue dogs from sweltering car, give owner steep fine WORLD North Korea vows to strengthen nukes as U.S. amps up pressure WikiLeaks' Assange calls end of rape case important victory In New Orleans, Confederate monuments are finally gone ENTERTAINMENT Chris Cornell's family disputes suicide claim Wyclef Jean urges fans to support Haitian immigrants Amber Heard shows off form-fitting 'Aquaman' costume HEALTH 113 Albertans die from fentanyl overdoses in first quarter of 2017 Canada ranks well in global health care access study, but room for improvement Century-old fertility technique may reduce need for IVF POLITICS Trudeau swats away Super Hornet questions amid Boeing-Bombardier dispute Is Ottawa's Boeing threat 'dishonorable' or 'leverage'?: Two analysts weigh in Trudeau Liberals delay gun-marking regulations despite election promise SCI-TECH Microsoft withheld update that could have slowed WannaCry: report Ontario police testing GPS darts as alternative to high speed chases Washington state loses fight, might pay up to $2B to save salmon BUSINESS Canada, provinces and industry still negotiating bailout for softwood producers Ontario loosening solvency requirements for defined benefit pensions Feds urge airlines to end bumping of passengers before law takes effect AUTOS Singapore car 'vending machine' dispenses with tradition Fiat Chrysler seeks diesel emission certification from EPA Design sketches for Route 66 neon signs rescued, preserved SPORTS Cavs send Celtics to record loss, 130-86, lead series 2-0 Agent: Brady didn't have concussion last season Nadal's winning streak on clay ends at 17 matches in Rome Lifestyle Freedom Cove: B.C. couple lives on nature-inspired floating island My sick little pony: Blind woman nurses pal back to health Almost 40 per cent of Canadians eat lunch at their desks, new research shows CTV News on the Go false Storm that battered New Brunswick could be tornado Thai monkey fat from tourist junk food gets put on diet Ontario Provincial Police fielding spy-like tracking dart In Pictures   Musician Chris Cornell dies at 52 Couple lives on man-made, off-the-grid island in B.C. 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Advertise on CTVNews.ca Advertise with Bell Media About CTV Careers CTV News Stox Press Room Producer Guidelines Contact Us Local News CTV News Atlantic CTV News Calgary CTV News Edmonton CTV News Kitchener CTV News Montreal CTV News Northern Ontario CTV News Ottawa CTV News Regina CTV News Saskatoon CTV News Toronto CTV News Vancouver CTV News Winnipeg CTV Two Atlantic Alberta Barrie London Ottawa Windsor Vancouver Island CTV News Programs CTV National News Power Play W5 CTV Question Period Video Sign In Video Sign Out CTV News GO Video Help CTV News on Mobile Site login View Mobile Site Use of this Website assumes acceptance of Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy © 2017 All rights reserved. Back to top
National PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News Canada Politics Canadian Politics TRENDINGReal estate | Lotto Max | Russia | Trump | Tory leadership race | The New War on Cancer F-35 jets waiting in wings as Liberals’ ‘interim’ Super Hornet purchase in limbo Marie-Danielle Smith | May 19, 2017 7:00 PM ET More from Marie-Danielle Smith Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon OTTAWA — The federal government’s suggestion it may trash plans to buy “interim” fighter jets from aerospace giant Boeing Co. may open up a window for F-35 producer Lockheed Martin Corp. to swoop into. Boeing convinced the U.S. Commerce Department and International Trade Commission this week to launch an investigation into much-subsidized Montreal-based Bombardier Inc. for “dumping” commercial airplanes into the U.S. market — a dispute overshadowed by an impending renegotiation of the North American Free Trade Agreement. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland’s subsequent chastening and promise Thursday to review military procurement involving Boeing leaves in limbo Canada’s purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a deal expected to cost $5 billion to $7 billion. A spokeswoman for Lockheed Martin — which, meanwhile, is partnering with Bombardier on a U.S. Air Force procurement — reacted Friday, saying the company “would openly welcome discussions about interim fighter solutions.” Still, said Cindy Tessier, “it would be inappropriate for Lockheed Martin to comment directly on a matter between the Government of Canada and another company.” A government official argued Friday that Freeland couldn’t take a business-as-usual approach with Boeing after its attack — especially because the same processes recently led to new tariffs being imposed on Canadian softwood lumber. An army of lawyers is working on avoiding the same outcome for Canadian aerospace. Related Ottawa hints Boeing shouldn’t take military contracts for granted in trade spat with Bombardier Matthew Fisher: Super Hornets would make Canada reliant on U.S. jets to defend Arctic, ex-fighter pilots say Retired air chiefs urge Liberals to ditch ‘costly and unnecessary’ plan to buy Super Hornet jets Prime Minister Justin Trudeau publicly lent his support to Bombardier Friday. But he avoided speculating on alternative options for interim jets. In a statement Friday, Boeing spokesman Dan Curran said the company has a “deep relationship” with Canada and “our case is focused on the Bombardier company, not the country at large.” Curran said “substantial government subsidies have enabled Bombardier’s predatory pricing” in the U.S. In February, the federal government extended a $372.5 million interest-free loan to the company, and last year, for a 49.5-per-cent share, Quebec offered a US$1 billion investment in the CSeries jets with which Boeing takes issue.   A Bombardier statement, meanwhile, said the giant’s accusations are “unfounded” and noted Boeing has “never lost a sale” in competition with the specific planes being targeted. Freeland pointed out many of Bombardier’s suppliers are based in the U.S. and components directly support “high-paying jobs in many U.S. states.” Reuters reported Friday Boeing executives were concerned about the fighter jet deal getting swept up in the commercial plane dispute. Its defence unit was seeking meetings with Canadian officials to smooth the waters. In addition to Lockheed Martin, other potential winners include rival makers of jets Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts told Reuters. David Perry, senior analyst with the Canadian Global Affairs Institute, said Canada’s posturing on a review or delay to the fighter jet purchase is hard to square with its insistence a capability gap urgently needs addressing. “It seems more like a negotiating ploy, potentially,” he said. Reacting to the Boeing statement, Conservative defence critic James Bezan told reporters, “if the government is so blatantly willing to throw away the contract, it says to me that there is no capability gap, that they imagined it right from the start .… The government is looking for a way to get out of that commitment.” Canada had announced the intention to explore the purchase of Boeing aircraft last November and defence minister Harjit Sajjan locked in that position in February, saying overtly: “we are buying new Super Hornets.” The government said it would launch an open competition for a full fleet before the next federal election. Years of indecision have delayed the replacement of the current aging fleet. Liberals backed away from a Harper government decision to purchase Lockheed Martin jets (though acknowledging the company’s right to bid in a competition) despite Canada’s continued participation in the Joint Strike Fighter program along with the U.S. Perry said he believes the “interim purchase first, competition later” approach will be more costly in the long run. But he noted Liberals have repeatedly doubled down on the plan, despite criticisms. “I don’t really see an inclination on the government’s part, so far, that they’re going to move away from that,” he said. Although it is early to predict what may come of this week’s aerospace dispute — a decision from the trade commission isn’t expected until June 12 — Liberals have potentially boxed themselves into a corner. If the government is serious about retaliating, should Boeing prove successful, and if it is also serious about buying fighter jets to fill an immediate capability gap, ahead of a competition, few easy options remain that wouldn’t break a Liberal election promise: “we will not buy the F-35.” • Email: mdsmith@postmedia.com | Twitter: amariedanielles Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Canada, Canadian Politics, News, Boeing, Bombardier, F-35s, Lockheed Martin Corporation, military procurement, Super Hornets Holy Post Altruism vs. self-fulfillment: Faithful in Canada are more caring, but compassion has its limits, poll finds Ray Pennings: Faith plays a big role in how Canadians see the world Major pilgrimage site: Pope in Fatima to honour simple children who changed church Roman Catholic nun allegedly helped priests sexually abuse deaf children in Argentinian school Comedian Stephen Fry under police investigation for blasphemy after calling God an ‘utter maniac’ Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
Tue, 9 May 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News U.S. Air Force Completes Developmental Flight Test of Talon HATE Airborne Networking System The U.S. Air Force has demonstrated that multiple aircraft and ground stations can efficiently and securely communicate using the Boeing-developed Talon HATE airborne networking system. During flight testing at Nellis Air Force Base, Nev., Talon HATE pods on two F-15C aircraft enabled test pilots to share information through the military’s Link 16, Common Data Link and Wideband Global SATCOM satellites. The tests also validated intra-flight datalink network capabilities used by F-22 aircraft. Pilots using the system can transmit information quickly between the F-15C and other Air Force aircraft and weapon systems, enabling more efficient information sharing in real time. “We’ve completed developmental flight test,” said Lt. Col. Christopher Bradley, Air Force Talon HATE manager. “We look forward to fielding this system, not only to immediately provide aircrews with actionable information faster and at a higher quality, but also to help the Air Force learn important lessons for the employment of tactical gateway systems in the future.” Boeing will conduct additional tests later this year with advanced sensors, which will offer improved aircraft targeting capabilities. “This aerial network is a giant leap forward in tactical fighter capability with real-time connectivity and expanded information sharing,” said Paul Geery, vice president, Phantom Works Mission Solutions and Boeing’s Talon HATE program manager. “We are now demonstrating secure datalink connections between F-15Cs and F-22s in a way that integrates information for the pilot into a common operating picture.”  See other recent news regarding: Air Force, Boeing, Defense, Security. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet AirAsia to Launch Daily Ubon Ratchathani - Chiang Mai Flights Air New Zealand Testing AR to Enhance Inflight Service Hainan Airlines First to Adopt Honeywell Tech APAC Airlines Profitability Sustained in 2016 SIA Cargo to Rejoin Singapore Airlines Smiths Detection Launches Checkpoint.Evoplus Bombardier Opens Service Centre at London Biggin Hill Airport Compass Opens Ananda Hua Hin Resort Boeing SES-15 Satellite to Enhance IFE Services Amadeus Launches Destination Insight Bangladesh Hosts 29th Joint Meeting of UNWTO Commissions Honeywell Completes Data Analytics Trial with CX Cyberbit Wins Major Cybersecurity Contract Dusit Signs Mountaintop Resort in Nepal Team from Hong Kong Wins Airbus Competition Amari Opens First Hotel in Malaysia Larry Tchou to Receive HICAP Lifetime Achievement Award Korean Air Making a Difference in Mongolia Air Canada Flights Now Located at LAX T6 Kelly Hoen Appointed AGM at Outrigger Israel Reports Record Number of Tourist Arrivals Iran Air Takes Delivery of Four ATR 72-600s Malindo Air Takes Delivery of Very First Boeing 737 MAX Langham to Rebrand Hotel in Auckland 16th Samui Regatta to Take Place 20-27 May Boeing Inmarsat-5 Satellite to Expand Broadband Services TAT to Hold Seminar at TTM+ in June Flight Centre to Buy Stake in 3Mundi New Partnership to Enhance Safety in Global Aviation Fueling IBM to Accelerate Bombardier's IT Transformation AccorHotels to Acquire FCDE's Stake in Groupe Noctis Vietjet to Launch Daily Hanoi - Yangon Flights Aviation Crisis Management Being Discussed in Bangkok 608,581 APAC Hotel Rooms Under Contract APAC Welcomed Record 597m Foreign Visitors in 2016 Markus Kosch Joins Conrad Guangzhou Assembly of T-X in St Louis to Support 1,800 Jobs Delta Installing Self-Service Bag Drop in Minneapolis American Airlines Appoints SVP - People Emirates' Business Class Deals from Bangkok 580,427 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in USA Scoot to Launch Long Haul Flights; Takes Delivery of B787 with Crew Bunks AirAsia to Establish Airline in China Park Hyatt Opens in Bangkok, Thailand Howard Johnson Opens First Hotel in South Korea Air Canada Rouge Installing High-Speed Internet on A319s Int. Arrivals to Solomon Islands Surpass Target Delta to Launch Daily Rio de Janeiro - NYC Fiji Airways Appoints Marc Cavaliere as CMO UNWTO Executive Council Recommends New Secretary-General Star Alliance Launches Mileage Millionaire Competition Nanuku Auberge Resort Fiji Appoints GM AccorHotels and ICESAP to Launch Accreditation Scheme Dusit to Make Vietnam Debut in December MHG Signs First Avani in New Zealand Delta's Relocation to T2 and T3 at LAX Starts Tonight Air Canada to Launch its Own Loyalty Program in 2020 Delta Expands A321-200 Order; Defers 10 A350 Deliveries Primera Air Orders Eight Boeing 737 MAX 9s Thai Airways Recruiting Cabin Crew Rugby: Scotland and Italy Announce Squads for Singapore Test Show More Travel News Belmond Opens Reservations Office in Manila Shinta Mani Hotels Appoints Executive Chef Hilton Partners UNWTO's Year of Sustainable Tourism Scott Dunn Opens Regional HQ in Singapore Carlson Rezidor Appoints EVP Rugby: HK Name Squad Ahead of ARC Tie with Japan Skye Hotel Suites in Sydney to Open August Park Plaza Noida Rebrands as Radisson Noida Thai AirAsia Reports Q1 Net Profit of Baht 570m Korea Airports Expands Use of ARINC vMUSE SIA Charity Run 2017 to Take Place 8 October Third Global 7000 Completes Maiden Flight Amadeus to Boost Presence in Indonesia Cycling: SpiceRoads Updates Brand Identity Tourism Security Discussed in Madrid Shinta Mani Appoints Corporate DOSM Qatar Cargo to Open Transit Facility; Launch LHR Flights Philippines to Host UNWTO Conference on Tourism Statistics SilkAir Upgrades Inflight Entertainment System Turkish Airlines Offering Laptop to Business Class Cebu Pacific Thrilled with New Puerto Princesa Airport Four Seasons Kuwait Now Accepting Reservations IndiGo Signs Deal for 50 ATR 72-600s Airbus Begins Production of First US Built A320 Leonardo Partners UK Royal Air Force's New RCO Qatar Airways Launches Yanbu Flights Delta and Aeromexico Launch JCA RBH to Manage London Luton Airport Hotel Somerset Ekamai Bangkok Set to Open 181 Units on 15 May New Ticket Options for 2017 Singapore F1 Grand Prix Etihad Aviation Names Interim Group CEO Latest Trends of Chinese Travellers Tokyo Creates New Logo to Promote City Northstar Acquires BHN's Hotel Investment Events Sofitel Singapore City Centre Appoints Executive Chef USAF Completes Test Flight of Talon HATE American Appoints SVP Los Angeles Thai Airways Receives New AOC AccorHotels Opens Mercure Bangkok Makkasan Movenpick Signs Hotel in Sylhet, Bangladesh A350-1000 Completes Fuel Tests in Wales Qatar Airways Official Airline of FIFA Until 2022 First Italian-Built F-35B Rolls Out of Production AA Increases Flights to Amsterdam, Barcelona and Rome STR to Help CHTA Advance Caribbean Hotel Performance UNWTO Publishes New Report on LGBT Tourism Record Number of Aircraft Movements and Cargo at HIA Hotel de Crillon in Paris to Reopen 5 July Etihad Airways Increases Kozhikode Flights Rezidor and Carlson Create Global Steering Committee ReviewPro Appoints VP of Sales North America Taleb Rifai Thanks Outgoing WTTC President Ascott Buys Hotel Central Fifth Avenue New York Singapore Airlines Operating Green Package Flights Airline Industry Improves Baggage Handling Scoot-Tiger Signs Distribution Agreement with Sabre Changi's T4 to Have Over 80 Outlets Hotels in London Report Record Q1 RevPAR Micasa Hotel Apartments Yangon to Rebrand Boeing KC-46A Tanker Joins Flight Test Program What's Going to Happen to The Dusit Thani Bangkok Hotel? HD Video Interview Aviation with AirAsia and Emirates - HD Video from GSBKK Free Hotel in Doha with a Qatar Stopover Vietjet to Launch Hanoi - Dong Hoi Flights Finnair to Increase Capacity to Several Lapland Airports Stopover in Abu Dhabi with Etihad Airways Cathay Pacific to Serve More Betsy Beer Jet Airways to Launch Chennai - Paris and Bengaluru - Amsterdam Marriott Expands Modular Construction Initiative Ilyushin Finance Orders One More Q400 for Jambojet Buenos Aires to Host WTTC Global Summit Emirates Opens New Airport Lounge in Bangkok Shangri-La Opens Kerry Hotel, Hong Kong Hong Kong Airlines to Resume Saigon Flights Etihad to Upgrade Sydney Flights with A380 Air China to Launch Beijing-Astana and Beijing-Zurich Wow Air Takes Delivery of Airbus A320neo EAG Appoints MD of Hala Group Gulf Air to Get First B787-9 in April 2018 Dusit Signs Chatuchak Market Hotel MHG Opens Avani Hotel in Lisbon, Portugal Vietjet Launches Singapore - Hanoi China Southern Signs Deal for 20 A350-900s AirAsia Launches KL - Bhubaneswar, India Element Kuala Lumpur Appoints GM Transport Canada and EASA Award Steep Approach Certs to CS100 Opening Press Con of WTTC Global Summit 2017 APAC Airlines Carried 25.5m Pax in March Thai AirAsia to Launch Daily Bangkok - Danang Flights David Scowsill to Leave WTTC in June BA's Multi-Million GBP Re-Design of New York JFK T7 New Primary Flight Display for Commercial Aviation JAC Launches First ATR 42-600 Flights Bangkok Airways Launches Bike On Board Service Thai Airways Expands Codeshare with Thai Smile Qatar Cargo to Launch Fourth Pharma Express Service from Basel Ascott Opens Citadines in Makassar, Indonesia Movenpick Signs First Resort in Maldives Etihad Appoints CEO Airline Equity Partners Air Astana to Increase Flights to Key Destinations Second Boeing T-X Aircraft Begins Test Flights Asiana Takes Delivery of First A350-900 Rockwell Collins Launches New Flight Data Display Etihad to Operate Year-Round A380 Flights to Paris Travelport Appoints New VP of PR and Corporate Comms AccorHotels Opens Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 20 Hilton Opens Resort in Jiuzhaigou, China Global Standards, Cooperation and Data Key to Keeping Aviation Safe HMH Appoints Aboudi Asali as CEO Exec Appointments at The Murray, HK Hotel Vic in Hong Kong Appoints GM / DOSM Air Canada Participating in Biofuel Project EU Hotel Industry Reports Q1 Increase in ADR, OR & RevPAR Israel Reports 49% Increase in Arrivals from India Qatar Airways to Launch Third Daily Flight to Bali, Indonesia Thai AirAsia Receives AOC Re-Certification from CAAT APAC Hotels Report Q1 2017 Increase in RevPAR Special NZ Welcome Planned for British & Irish Lions Dorsett to Transform Shepherd's Bush Palladium in London London City Airport Looking for New CEO Bombardier Appoints Chief Information Officer Outrigger Appoints Account Director SEA PAL to Enhance Passenger Experience with Crew Tab Bologna Airport Installs Scan&Fly Bag Drop SAS to Launch Flights to Eilat, Israel Holiday Inn Bellingham First to Feature H4 Design Roshan Mendis Moving to London as Sabre's SVP Fiji Airways Celebrates HK7s Victory with Promotion Cathay Pacific to Increase and Upgrade Flights to Manchester IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 HK7s and The Park Lane HK, a Pullman Hotel - HD Video Interview Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News AirAsia to Launch Daily Ubon Ratchathani - Chiang Mai Flights Air New Zealand Testing AR to Enhance Inflight Service Hainan Airlines First to Adopt Honeywell Tech APAC Airlines Profitability Sustained SIA Cargo to Rejoin Singapore Airlines Smiths Launches Checkpoint.Evoplus Bombardier Opens Service Centre at London Biggin Hill Ananda Resort Opens in Hua Hin, Thailand Boeing SES-15 Satellite to Enhance IFE Services Amadeus Launches Destination Insight Bangladesh Hosts 29th Joint Meeting of UNWTO Commissions Honeywell Completes Data Analytics Trial Cyberbit Wins Major Cybersecurity Contract Dusit Signs Mountain Resort in Nepal Team from HK Wins Airbus Competition Amari Opens First Hotel in Malaysia Larry Tchou to Receive HICAP Lifetime Achievement Award Korean Air Making a Difference in Mongolia Air Canada Flights Now at LAX T6 Kelly Hoen Appointed AGM at Outrigger Israel Reports Record Number of Arrivals Iran Air Takes Delivery of Four ATR 72-600s Malindo Air Takes Delivery of Very First Boeing 737 MAX Langham to Rebrand Hotel in Auckland 16th Samui Regatta to Take Place 20-27 May Boeing Inmarsat-5 Satellite to Expand Broadband Services TAT to Hold Seminar at TTM+ in June Flight Centre to Buy Stake in 3Mundi New Partnership to Enhance Safety in Global Aviation Fueling IBM to Accelerate Bombardier's IT Transformation AccorHotels to Acquire FCDE's Stake in Groupe Noctis Vietjet to Launch Daily Hanoi - Yangon Flights Aviation Crisis Management Being Discussed in Bangkok 608,581 APAC Hotel Rooms Under Contract APAC Welcomed Record 597m Foreign Visitors in 2016 Markus Kosch Joins Conrad Guangzhou Assembly of T-X in St Louis to Support 1,800 Jobs Delta Installing Self-Service Bag Drop in Minneapolis American Airlines Appoints SVP - People Emirates' Business Class Deals from Bangkok 580,427 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in USA Scoot to Launch Long Haul Flights; Takes Delivery of B787 with Crew Bunks AirAsia to Establish Airline in China Park Hyatt Opens in Bangkok, Thailand Howard Johnson Opens First Hotel in South Korea Air Canada Rouge Installing High-Speed Internet on A319s Int. Arrivals to Solomon Islands Surpass Target Delta to Launch Daily Rio de Janeiro - NYC Fiji Airways Appoints Marc Cavaliere as CMO UNWTO Executive Council Recommends New Secretary-General Star Alliance Launches Mileage Millionaire Competition Nanuku Auberge Resort Fiji Appoints GM AccorHotels and ICESAP to Launch Accreditation Scheme Dusit to Make Vietnam Debut in December MHG Signs First Avani in New Zealand Delta's Relocation to T2 and T3 at LAX Starts Tonight Air Canada to Launch its Own Loyalty Program in 2020 Delta Expands A321-200 Order; Defers 10 A350 Deliveries Primera Air Orders Eight Boeing 737 MAX 9s Thai Airways Recruiting Cabin Crew Rugby: Scotland and Italy Announce Squads for Singapore Test Belmond Opens Reservations Office in Manila Shinta Mani Hotels Appoints Executive Chef Hilton Partners UNWTO's Year of Sustainable Tourism Scott Dunn Opens Regional HQ in Singapore Carlson Rezidor Appoints EVP Rugby: HK Name Squad Ahead of ARC Tie with Japan Skye Hotel Suites in Sydney to Open August Park Plaza Noida Rebrands as Radisson Noida Thai AirAsia Reports Q1 Net Profit of Baht 570m Korea Airports Expands Use of ARINC vMUSE SIA Charity Run 2017 to Take Place 8 October Third Global 7000 Completes Maiden Flight Amadeus to Boost Presence in Indonesia Cycling: SpiceRoads Updates Brand Identity Tourism Security Discussed in Madrid Shinta Mani Appoints Corporate DOSM Qatar Cargo to Open Transit Facility; Launch LHR Flights Philippines to Host UNWTO Conference on Tourism Statistics SilkAir Upgrades Inflight Entertainment System Turkish Airlines Offering Laptop to Business Class Cebu Pacific Thrilled with New Puerto Princesa Airport Four Seasons Kuwait Now Accepting Reservations IndiGo Signs Deal for 50 ATR 72-600s Airbus Begins Production of First US Built A320 Leonardo Partners UK Royal Air Force's New RCO Qatar Airways Launches Yanbu Flights Delta and Aeromexico Launch JCA RBH to Manage London Luton Airport Hotel Somerset Ekamai Bangkok Set to Open 181 Units on 15 May New Ticket Options for 2017 Singapore F1 Grand Prix Etihad Aviation Names Interim Group CEO Latest Trends of Chinese Travellers Tokyo Creates New Logo to Promote City Northstar Acquires BHN's Hotel Investment Events Sofitel Singapore City Centre Appoints Executive Chef USAF Completes Test Flight of Talon HATE American Appoints SVP Los Angeles Thai Airways Receives New AOC AccorHotels Opens Mercure Bangkok Makkasan Movenpick Signs Hotel in Sylhet, Bangladesh A350-1000 Completes Fuel Tests in Wales Qatar Airways Official Airline of FIFA Until 2022 First Italian-Built F-35B Rolls Out of Production AA Increases Flights to Amsterdam, Barcelona and Rome STR to Help CHTA Advance Caribbean Hotel Performance UNWTO Publishes New Report on LGBT Tourism Record Number of Aircraft Movements and Cargo at HIA Hotel de Crillon in Paris to Reopen 5 July Etihad Airways Increases Kozhikode Flights Rezidor and Carlson Create Global Steering Committee ReviewPro Appoints VP of Sales North America Taleb Rifai Thanks Outgoing WTTC President Ascott Buys Hotel Central Fifth Avenue New York Singapore Airlines Operating Green Package Flights Airline Industry Improves Baggage Handling Scoot-Tiger Signs Distribution Agreement with Sabre Changi's T4 to Have Over 80 Outlets Hotels in London Report Record Q1 RevPAR Micasa Hotel Apartments Yangon to Rebrand Boeing KC-46A Tanker Joins Flight Test Program What's Going to Happen to The Dusit Thani Bangkok Hotel? Aviation with AirAsia and Emirates - HD Video from GSBKK Special NZ Welcome Planned for British & Irish Lions HK7s and The Park Lane HK, a Pullman Hotel - HD Video Interview IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures High-Res Pictures of Hong Kong Sevens Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts ‘Everyone is just tired’: Trump increasingly isolated in beleaguered, crisis-weary White House WATCH: HBO’s Bill Maher gets into epic shouting match with Cornel West over Hillary versus Trump We may have accidentally formed a protective bubble around Earth White House does not dispute that FBI probe now includes a Trump aide Twitter sh*tshow erupts when Anderson Cooper says Jeffrey Lord would justify Trump pooping on his desk ‘A 5-alarm fire’: Russian spies overheard bragging that Mike Flynn was their mole on Trump’s team ‘Now they see the clownish nature’: Europeans brace for visit from ‘laughingstock’ Trump ‘Whose side are you on?’: Bill Maher rips Trump flunky Epshteyn over Russian election meddling House intel member rips ‘agent of the president’ Nunes for sticking nose back into Russia probe What this Catholic nun has to say about being truly pro-life is going to upset a lot of Republicans Trump ripped Michelle Obama for not wearing a headscarf in Saudi Arabia — will Melania? Sarah K. Burris 19 May 2017 at 14:20 ET                    Melania Trump (a katz / Shutterstock.com) Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory President Donald Trump is scheduled to take off from Joint Base Andrews early Friday afternoon and land in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia Saturday. In tow will be years of tweets Trump has pushed out about Saudi Arabia — and even attacking the former first lady for not wearing a headscarf, as is the country’s tradition. In 2014, Trump declared that the country’s oil should be free to the U.S., otherwise they shouldn’t be allowed to have the protection of private Boeing 747s. He also argued that the U.S. should stop fighting their wars and charge them trillions to protect the country. Tell Saudi Arabia and others that we want (demand!) free oil for the next ten years or we will not protect their private Boeing 747s.Pay up! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 11, 2014 Saudi Arabia should fight their own wars, which they won't, or pay us an absolute fortune to protect them and their great wealth-$ trillion! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 31, 2014 Many people are saying it was wonderful that Mrs. Obama refused to wear a scarf in Saudi Arabia, but they were insulted.We have enuf enemies — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 29, 2015 Trump also vacillated between hating his predecessor for being too friendly to the Saudis and not being friendly enough. During the 2012 election, Trump alleged the Saudis illegally gave campaign contributions to former President Barack Obama, a claim that was never verified and for which he provided no evidence. He then attacked Obama’s leadership saying that the Saudi King refused to meet with Obama despite the U.S. sending billions in aid. “Great leadership!” Trump exclaimed. It's Thursday and only 26 days until the election. How many illegal donations from China and Saudi Arabia did Obama collect today? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 11, 2012 Can you imagine, we spend billions of dollars protecting Saudi Arabia and now the King refuses to even meet with Obama. Great leadership! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 11, 2015 If Saudi Arabia, which has been making one billion dollars a day from oil, wants our help and protection, they must pay dearly! NO FREEBIES. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 26, 2015 Trump also demanded to know if the Saudis would be taking in Syrian refugees. It’s unclear if this is on the agenda for Trump to discuss. "@Michael2014abc: @Alwaleed_Talal @realDonaldTrump Has your country, Saudi Arabia, taken ANY of the Syrian refugees? If not, why not?" — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 13, 2015 He’s attacked the country as having no guts while also supporting ISIS. "@Silverfoxgranny: #SaudiArabia Saudi Arabia are nothing but mouth pieces, bullies, cowards. They have the money, but no guts" — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 11, 2014 "@kevinb____: @realDonaldTrump Saudi Arabia is already paying ISIS" — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 11, 2014 Have you been watching how Saudi Arabia has been taunting our VERY dumb political leaders to protect them from ISIS. Why aren't they paying? — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 31, 2014 The administration has not yet produced a list of activities for the forthcoming trip. Report typos and corrections to [email protected] About the Author Next on Raw Story > WATCH: HBO’s Bill Maher gets into epic shouting match with Cornel West over Hillary versus Trump By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion New Stories WATCH: HBO’s Bill Maher gets into epic shouting match with Cornel West over Hillary versus Trump White House does not dispute that FBI probe now includes a Trump aide We may have accidentally formed a protective bubble around Earth New Russia probe leaks threaten to derail Trump’s foreign trip ‘Everyone is just tired’: Trump increasingly isolated in beleaguered, crisis-weary White House Raw Story SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Trump News WATCH: HBO’s Bill Maher gets into epic shouting match with Cornel West over Hillary versus Trump White House does not dispute that FBI probe now includes a Trump aide New Russia probe leaks threaten to derail Trump’s foreign trip ‘Everyone is just tired’: Trump increasingly isolated in beleaguered, crisis-weary White House ‘Whose side are you on?’: Bill Maher rips Trump flunky Epshteyn over Russian election meddling Twitter sh*tshow erupts when Anderson Cooper says Jeffrey Lord would justify Trump pooping on his desk New Videos WATCH: HBO’s Bill Maher gets into epic shouting match with Cornel West over Hillary versus Trump ‘Whose side are you on?’: Bill Maher rips Trump flunky Epshteyn over Russian election meddling ‘A 5-alarm fire’: Russian spies overheard bragging that Mike Flynn was their mole on Trump’s team ‘Maybe you should advise him’: Dem says Kayleigh McEnany’s Comey lie makes more sense than Trump’s CNN legal analyst: Trump’s ‘nut job’ remarks to Russians are ‘very close to a confession of obstruction of justice’ SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × US Markets Market Movers Dow 30 NASDAQ 100 IQ 100 Sectors World Heat Map US Americas Asia EU Dow closes more than 100 points higher as stocks shrug off hangover from report of Comey memo Fred Imbert | @foimbert 10 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Stocks climb higher Friday    10 Hours Ago | 00:37 U.S. equities closed higher on Friday as concerns about Donald Trump's presidency recede for the time being. The Dow Jones industrial average rose about 140 points, with Boeing and Caterpillar contributing the most gains. The S&P 500 gained around 0.7 percent, with industrials leading all 11 sectors higher, as shares of Deere rose 7.3 percent after posting quarterly results that easily beat expectations. The Nasdaq composite rose 0.47 percent. "With the special prosecutor, ... this gives the administration the opportunity to defer questions about the investigation. That's why we're seeing a bit of a relief rally," said James Smigiel, managing director at SEI. Stocks suffered their biggest pullback of the year earlier this week after news that former FBI Director James Comey put together a memo on a conversation with Trump. In this conversation, Trump allegedly asked Comey to stop investigating former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. "Trump's got everybody on edge, both Republicans and Democrats. Everybody thinks there's a smoking gun somewhere, and when you get something that might look like that, then people get excited," said Maris Ogg, president at Tower Bridge Advisors. Brendan McDermid | Reuters NYSE Trader on the floor Justice Department officials announced Wednesday that Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein had tapped former FBI Director Robert Mueller as special counsel, taking over the investigation into Russia's alleged meddling in the 2016 election. "For a while now, we've been in this tenuous position for stock prices and I think that's going to continue until we get more clarity," said Michael Arone, chief investment strategist at State Street Global Advisors. Trump made his first trip overseas since taking office on Friday, first traveling to Saudi Arabi, which is planning to buy billions of dollars worth of U.S. arms. In economic news, there were no major data released Friday. However, St. Louis Federal Reserve President James Bullard said the central bank's plans to raise rates may be too fast. The Fed is slated to meet next month, with market expectations for a rate hike near 80 percent, according to the CME Group's FedWatch tool. U.S. Treasurys fell on Friday, with the benchmark 10-year note yield advancing to 2.233 percent and the two-year note yield near 1.27 percent. The U.S. dollar fell against a basket of currencies, with the euro rising 0.92 percent to $1.1202. "The US side should, however, become less USD negative, in so much as the market is starting to more realistically appraise the way politics will impact the Fed, notably via US financial conditions," said Alan Ruskin, global head of Group-of-10 foreign exchange strategy at Deutsche Bank, in a note. "A June hike is still seen as very likely, while the 10y yield has also stopped short of the major 2.15/2.16% support line. In that sense the USD has more support, if Washington goes a little quieter, at least while the special prosecutor sets up infrastructure," he said. Symbol Name Price   Change %Change DJIA --- S&P 500 --- NASDAQ --- The Dow Jones industrial average rose 141.82 points, or 0.69 percent, to close at 20,804.84, with Caterpillar outperforming and Cisco Systems lagging. The S&P 500 gained 16.01 points, or 0.68 percent, to end at 2,381.73, with industrials leading all sectors higher. The Nasdaq advanced 28.57 points, or 0.47 percent, to close at 6,083.70. About three stocks advanced for every decliner at the New York Stock Exchange, with an exchange volume of 1.028 billion and a composite volume of 3.805 billion at the close. The CBOE Volatility Index (VIX), widely considered the best gauge of fear in the market, traded near 12.2. —CNBC's Christine Wang and Reuters contributed to this report. Fred ImbertNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change VIX --- NASDAQ --- S&P 500 --- DJIA --- GS --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business Two USN F/A-18 Super Hornets fly to the Abbotsford Air Show. (Boeing) Two USN F/A-18 Super Hornets fly to the Abbotsford Air Show. (Boeing) Boeing seeks to fend off Canada threat over jet deal: source Add to ... David Ljunggren And Alwyn Scott OTTAWA/SEATTLE — Reuters Published Friday, May 19, 2017 12:22PM EDT Last updated Friday, May 19, 2017 7:38PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Boeing Co. on Friday rushed to fix a gamble that looks to have gone wrong, with the defense unit of the U.S. plane maker seeking to fend off a Canadian threat to scrap the purchase of 18 Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. That move follows Canada’s threat on Thursday that it could ditch its plans to buy the jets if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc. dumped jetliners in the U.S. market. Political insiders say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing’s allegations, which comes at a time when trade relations between the United States and Canada are at a low. “Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk,” the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. “However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale.” Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier. “This action is being taken against Bombardier’s pricing practices which are illegal and aggressive. It is a very clear case of dumping,” spokesman Charlie Miller said. One industry source said a senior Boeing official tried to arrange a meeting with Mr. Trudeau recently but had been turned down. A Trudeau spokesman declined to comment but said government ministers had not met with Boeing since it launched the Bombardier challenge. Boeing did not immediately reply to a request for comment. POTENTIAL WINNERS Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing’s complaint appears valid, “the secondary effects are disastrous.” He said Boeing could lose $10-billion to $20-billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes. Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp, Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts said. The U.S. Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims. “This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say ‘Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,’” said a Canadian defense industry source. Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia. The Boeing saga further increases tensions between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American free-trade agreement (NAFTA), with the Trump administration on Thursday setting the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations.. Last month Washington slapped anti-dumping duties on Canadian timber, prompting Canada to threaten retaliation. Bombardier is based in the electoral important province of Quebec, where the ruling Liberals say they need to pick up support to be sure of winning federal election in October, 2019. Canada unveiled plans to buy the Super Hornets last November as a stop-gap measure while it prepared an open five-year competition to replace its aging fleet of 77 Boeing CF-18 fighter jets. Defense analyst David Perry of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute said one option for Ottawa would be to scrap the idea of a stopgap force and go straight to the permanent competition. The threat against Boeing only complicates a Canadian military procurement system which many analysts say is broken. The previous Conservative government announced in 2010 it would buy 65 Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters in a sole-source contract but after protests, scrapped the decision and announced an open competition that was never held. In the run-up to the November 2015 election that brought the Liberals to power, Trudeau said he would not buy the F-35s on the grounds they were too expensive. His government has since softened its opposition. Military procurement in Canada is handled by both the ministers of defense and public works, neither of whom were immediately available for comment. Boeing’s defense unit is called Defense, Space & Security. Report Typo/Error   BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$180.76 +3.36 (+1.89%) BBD.B-TBombardier Inc Latest Price$2.11 +0.05 (+2.43%) LMT-NLockheed Martin Corp Latest Price$272.79 +5.47 (+2.05%) Updated May 19 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Canada threatens U.S. over aerospace as NAFTA talks loom Quebec open to more investors for Bombardier’s C Series, Couillard says Bombardier and Boeing clash in trade hearing over C Series jet Topics United States of America The Boeing Company Ottawa, Ontario Bombardier Inc. Aerospace Canada Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Opinion: What is cultural appropriation? Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News Flooding on Toronto Islands affecting businesses Life Add some flair to your long weekend BBQ with this surf and turf dish News Obese monkey gets help with junk food habit Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs Report on Business IBM's quantum computer gets powerful upgrade News Nova Scotia PC, NDP leaders take aim at Premier News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor No advice but still a price: Fund fees for DIY investors draw fire Arts At Cannes, the screen belongs to female filmmakers Most popular Team Trudeau’s precarious friendship with Jared Kushner First Nations leaders question safety of youth in Thunder Bay May 20: Your daily horoscope Will Ottawa’s new plan lower Canada's high drug prices? Report says La Loche shooter asked if he would get gift to mark anniversary of attack X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 59° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Thunderstorms likely. A few storms may be severe. High 83F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 80%.. Tonight Thunderstorms during the evening, then skies turning partly cloudy overnight. Low 56F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: May 20, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Kevin Flynn • Boeing Aero India 2007 - F/A-18E/F Super Hornet in flight during air show. 2/04/2007 Boeing scrambles to save deal to sell St. Louis-made F/A-18s to Canada Reuters 9 hrs ago (…) Kevin Flynn • Boeing Aero India 2007 - F/A-18E/F Super Hornet in flight during air show. 2/04/2007 OTTAWA • Boeing Co. on Friday rushed to fix a gamble that looks to have gone wrong, with the defense unit of the U.S. aerospace giant seeking to fend off a Canadian threat to scrap the purchase of 18 St. Louis-made Super Hornet jets, a source familiar with the matter told Reuters. Canada suggested on Thursday it could ditch its plans to buy the F/A-18s if the United States backed Boeing’s claims that Canadian plane maker Bombardier Inc. dumped jetliners in the U.S. market. Political insiders say the Liberal government of Prime Minister Justin Trudeau is furious about Boeing’s allegations, which comes at a time when trade relations between the United States and Canada are at a low. “Boeing made the calculation that taking this action was worth the risk,” the source said, requesting anonymity due to the sensitivity of the situation. “However, Boeing military sales division is concerned and is seeking to communicate with Canadian government decision-makers to mitigate the possible impact to their Super Hornet sale.” Boeing said the firm hoped there would be no impact on the proposed Super Hornet sale but made clear it had no regrets about challenging Bombardier. “This action is being taken against Bombardier’s pricing practices, which are illegal and aggressive. It is a very clear case of dumping,” said spokesman Charlie Miller. One industry source said a senior Boeing official tried to arrange a meeting with Trudeau recently but had been turned down. A Trudeau spokesman declined to comment but said government ministers had not met with Boeing since it launched the Bombardier challenge. Potential winners Richard Aboulafia, aerospace analyst at Teal Group, said that although Boeing’s complaint appears valid, “the secondary effects are disastrous.” He said Boeing could lose $10 billion to $20 billion in military sales to Canada, encompassing order for jets, helicopters and maritime surveillance planes. Potential winners include rival makers of jets, such as Lockheed Martin Corp., Dassault Aviation SA, Airbus SE and Saab AB, analysts said. The U.S. Commerce Department on Thursday launched an investigation into Boeing’s claims. “This is a strong shot across the bow to the United States to say ‘Shut this thing down pretty damn quickly,’” said a Canadian defense industry source. Trudeau twice side-stepped questions about the threat when speaking to reporters on Friday in British Columbia. The Boeing saga further increases tension between Canada and the United States in the run-up to talks on renewing the North American Free Trade Agreement, with the administration of President Donald Trump on Thursday setting the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations. Last month, Washington slapped anti-dumping duties on Canadian timber, prompting Canada to threaten retaliation. Bombardier is based in the electoral important province of Quebec, where the ruling Liberal Party says it needs to pick up support to be sure of winning federal election in October 2019. Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Canada unveiled plans to buy the Super Hornets last November as a stop-gap measure while it prepared an open five-year competition to replace its aging fleet of 77 Boeing CF-18 fighter jets. Defense analyst David Perry of the Canadian Global Affairs Institute said one option for Ottawa would be to scrap the idea of a stopgap force and go straight to the permanent competition. The threat against Boeing only complicates a Canadian military procurement system which many analysts say is broken. The previous Conservative Party government announced in 2010 it would buy 65 Lockheed Martin F-35 fighters in a sole-source contract but after protests, scrapped the decision and announced an open competition that was never held. In the run-up to the November 2015 election that brought the Liberal Party to power, Trudeau said he would not buy the F-35s on the grounds they were too expensive. His government has since softened its opposition. Military procurement in Canada is handled by both the ministers of defense and public works, neither of whom were immediately available for comment. The Pentagon is paying about $70 million each for F/A-18 Super Hornets. At that price, the Canadian purchase would be worth $1.26 billion. The Super Hornets are made at Boeing’s factories in north St. Louis County. The headquarters of Boeing’s defense unit, known as Defense, Space & Security, relocated from St. Louis to Arlington, Va., this year. The company still employs about 14,000 in the St. Louis area. The Post-Dispatch contributed to this report. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Super Hornets could be collateral damage in Boeing-Bombardier flap Canada reviewing plans to buy military equipment from Boeing Tags Boeing Politics Economics Commerce United States Canada Justin Trudeau View (…) comments Most popular In America's largest oilfield, whir of activity confounds OPEC Judge tells Uber to return Waymo files taken by engineer Schnucks comes up with new policy on solicitors after its boycott by Teamsters Anheuser-Busch InBev to invest $20 million in St. Louis-area operations Mercy Hospital and clinics to pay $34 million settlement Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section The tax man cometh: Assessed values spike in some St. Louis neighborhoods, but north side still declining Bi-State board OKs MetroLink police task force outline but details remain unclear Boeing scrambles to save deal to sell St. Louis-made F/A-18s to Canada U.S. stocks close broadly higher; oil rises McBride begins selling homesites at Maryland Oaks on Saturday Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your daily dose of community. Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz The 5 Deadliest Weapons That Saudi Arabia Has In Its Military Daniel R. DePetris May 19, 2017 TweetShareShare The backbone of the Saudi air force is the F-15 fighter: a platform that the United States itself has used for generations and a plane that is capable of carrying out the kinds of short and long-distance air sorties that may be required for a mission to succeed.  According to public sources, Saudi Arabia possesses about 238 F-15 fighter planes—including a 2010 U.S. sale to Riyadh consisting of 84 F-15SA’s,  Boeing Corp’s newest F-15 variant.  This particular model is especially helpful for the Saudis, who are now engaged in two conflicts simultaneously.  The plane’s range of 2,400 miles is particularly impressive and allows the Kingdom’s aircrews to travel to and from northern Iraq and southern Yemen without having to rely upon mid-air refueling aircraft to arrive at a target.  There is no question that Saudi pilots appreciate this type of capability as they search for Houthi targets in Yemen and ISIL targets in Syria. For Saudi Arabia, the conservative Gulf kingdom whose number one priority in the region is to keep the status quo, it’s hard not to come to the conclusion that the entire Middle East is on the fire.  Indeed, if Saudi Arabia resembled a giant mansion in the middle of the neighborhood, the rest of the street would be littered with abandoned houses and empty lots.  In other words, the neighborhood outside the Kingdom doesn’t look good at the moment, and King Salman bin Abdulaziz knows it. With Syria largely split among what is left of the Assad regime and dozens of Islamist factions, Iraq in the middle of its own large-scale war with ISIL, Yemen in a state of civil war, and ISIL launching sporadic terrorist attacks on mosques and police officers in the Kingdom itself, King Salman’s number one job is ensuring that the Saudi armed forces have the equipment and support that they need.  To that effect, the Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques is doing his job quite well. Here are the five deadliest weapons that Saudi Arabia has in its arsenal: 1.  The F-15/F-15A/F-15SA: The backbone of the Saudi air force is the F-15 fighter: a platform that the United States itself has used for generations and a plane that is capable of carrying out the kinds of short and long-distance air sorties that may be required for a mission to succeed.  According to public sources, Saudi Arabia possesses about 238 F-15 fighter planes—including a 2010 U.S. sale to Riyadh consisting of 84 F-15SA’s,  Boeing Corp’s newest F-15 variant.  This particular model is especially helpful for the Saudis, who are now engaged in two conflicts simultaneously.  The plane’s range of 2,400 miles is particularly impressive and allows the Kingdom’s aircrews to travel to and from northern Iraq and southern Yemen without having to rely upon mid-air refueling aircraft to arrive at a target.  There is no question that Saudi pilots appreciate this type of capability as they search for Houthi targets in Yemen and ISIL targets in Syria. (Note: This first appeared in 2015) 2.  The Paveway IV: This 500-pound, precision-guided munition is perhaps one of the most accurate and lethal bombs that the Saudis possess.  Thanks in part to a defense relationship with the United Kingdom, the Saudi Royal Air Force has been able to acquire the Paveway IV and use it in active hostilities—particularly in Yemen, where the Saudis are at the forefront of an Arab coalition seeking to pound the Houthi movement into submission. The UK military describes the Paveway IV as “an advanced and highly accurate weapon that provides the RAF’s strike force with a state-of-the-art precision guided bombing capability.”  The bomb is equipped with the most advanced precision-guided, GPS technology to cause maximum impact on the target, and it’s durable enough to be used effectively in bad weather.   The bombs are light enough for the F-15 to carry more of them, which naturally increases the ability of the pilots to destroy multiple targets without having to return to base and rearm.  How often the Saudi Air Force has used this specific munitions on the battlefield in Yemen is impossible to clarify without specific information from the Defense Ministry, but it’s safe to say that it’s had a significant impact on Houthi formations that are operating in the open. 3.  Saudi Special Operations Forces: Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: RegionsMiddle East More stories by: Daniel R. DePetris The Dealmaker-in-Chief Goes to Jerusalem Trump should be ambitious, but he can’t badger Netanyahu and Abbas into making a deal. Daniel R. DePetris How the United States Is Turning Saudi Arabia Into a Military Juggernaut The Trump Administraion announces over $100 Billion in arms sales to Riyadh—including some of Washington's most advanced pieces of hardware.  Dave Majumdar How Kosovo Poisoned America's Relationship with Russia The Kosovo intervention set terrible precedents that have come back to haunt the West. Ted Galen Carpenter Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Lincoln Times News Archives Media Gallery Contact Us Place a Classified Ad Retail Advertising Forms Engagement Guidelines and Forms Wedding Guidelines and Forms Anniversary Form Birth Announcement Form Birthday Announcement Form Subscriptions About Us --> Local News Special Sections Recent Arrests and Charges Community Announcements Top Stories Regional and National News Lincoln County Schools Honor Roll Life Business Breaking News Announcements Engagements Anniversaries Weddings Sports Opinion Columnists Obituaries Classifieds E-Edition Home » Opinion » Guest View— Lawmakers working to improve struggling rural areas Guest View— Lawmakers working to improve struggling rural areas Erica Smith-Ingram grew up on a farm in eastern North Carolina, attended the N.C. School of Science and Math in Durham and earned an engineering degree at N.C. A&T. She went on to work for Boeing and the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office. Then, in 2003, she returned to teach science and math in high school. Today, she lives in Northampton County and represents it and seven other small counties in the state Senate. Every one of those counties lost population from 2010 through 2015. The trends are expected to continue, with one of them, Bertie, projected to lose another 26 percent of its population by 2035, according to North Carolina’s Office of State Budget and Management. All eight counties have unemployment rates higher than the state average. In much of rural North Carolina, young people leave to find better opportunities, especially if they have the chance to go off to college. Smith-Ingram was no exception, until she decided in mid-career to return home. But not everyone can go home to a good job. There aren’t enough companies to hire available workers or, after young people leave, there aren’t enough well-educated workers to attract new companies. The state has tried to interrupt that cycle. Some bad ideas have included redistributing tax revenues from wealthier counties to poorer ones. The N.C. Senate recently advanced another effort in the form of a bill that would reserve more economic incentive money for struggling counties. Smith-Ingram, a Democrat, joined five Republicans as a co-sponsor of the legislation, which passed the Senate and awaits consideration in the House. The measure sprang from a study of state economic incentive grants that found most of the funds go to Wake and Mecklenburg counties. In 2015, the Job Development Investment Grant program awarded $74 million to companies to help finance job creation, but none of that money went to a project in what the state calls a Tier One county, or most economically distressed. “I was appalled by the study committee’s findings but not surprised,” Smith-Ingram said Tuesday. There are three economic tiers, with 40 counties in each of the first two and 20 in the third, or highest. Guilford County slipped from Tier 3 in 2016 to Tier 2 this year. Tier 3 counties are considered the wealthiest, and they end up with most of the incentives awards. The state pays for the rich to get richer. Two examples were seen this week. The state announced Tuesday that Credit Suisse will add 1,200 jobs in Wake County and can receive up to $40 million in JDIG grants. The next day, the financial firm AXA said it will add 550 jobs in Mecklenburg County. It will be eligible for nearly $12 million in JDIG funds. Smith-Ingram said it’s no wonder “the same counties have persistently high poverty.” So, among other provisions, her bill would limit JDIG awards in Tier 3 counties to 50 percent of the statewide total. “This will benefit a Guilford County, giving it access to 50 percent of the money,” she said. Guilford County needs more jobs, but it isn’t losing population or distressed. For counties in those circumstances, incentives alone aren’t a magic formula. “This is a start, but not enough,” Smith-Ingram said. Her counties need help to build a skilled workforce and infrastructure, including broadband internet service and better water systems. The state should invest in these communities and aggressively offer incentives for suitable companies to locate in rural counties and small towns. Smith-Ingram’s district is fortunate to have her “back home,” but opportunities for other rural residents will be hard to come by without more state help. — from the News & Record of Greensboro.   You must be logged in to post a comment Login Pages About Us Contact Us Forms Anniversary Form Birth Announcement Form Birthday Announcement Form Engagement Guidelines and Forms Wedding Guidelines and Forms Place a Classified Ad Retail Advertising Lincoln Times News Archives Media Gallery Subscriptions Categories Anniversaries Announcements Breaking News Business Columnists Community Announcements Engagements Life Lincoln County Schools Honor Roll Local Businesses Local News Obituaries Opinion Recent Arrests and Charges Regional and National News Special Sections Sports Top Stories Weddings Socialize Sign Up Now For Email Marketing you can trust. © 2017, ↑ Lincoln Times-News
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Defense News Boeing considering further Super Hornet upgrades By Stephen Carlson   |   May 19, 2017 at 11:29 AM Follow @upi Comments May 19 (UPI) -- The U.S. Navy and Boeing are considering future upgrades beyond the Block 3 enhancement that is already being planned for the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet. If approved, the upgrades are anticipated to keep the aircraft in service until as far as the 2040's.The Block 3 is expected to start production in 2020. "When you look at flight plan for the future of the aircraft, there could well be lots of new capabilities added after Block 3. The Block 3 is built around a new processor that is a hundred times more powerful than today's," Larry Burt, Directer of Sales & Marketing for the Global Strike division, said in a press release. "This processor resides outside of the aircraft's Operational Flight Program, and so is not tied to its five-year software development cycle. It is truly open architecture that allows for plug and play of weapons, sensors, and systems," Burt said. The Super Hornet is an upgraded version of the orignal F-18 Hornet fighter jet. It is a twin-engine, supersonic, multi-role fighter that is one of the primary assets of U.S. naval aviation. The EF-18G Growler, a variant of the Super Hornet, is an airborne electronic attack platform designed to jam enemy radars, missiles and communications. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Boeing proposes E-8C JSTAR replacement First Piranhas delivered to Danish military Safran to maintain RTM-322 helicopter engines Comments Latest Headlines U-2S Dragon Lady appears at Northern Edge exercise 9 hours ago ago May 19 (UPI) -- The U-2S Dragon Lady made an appearance at the Northern Edge military exercises based out of Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson. Northrop Grumman to modernize turbine engines on USS New Hampshire 11 hours ago ago May 19 (UPI) -- Northrop Grumman has received a $7.3 million contract for for maintenance, material support, and modernization of the turbine engines on the USS New Hampshire. General Atomics receives Ford-class carrier contract 13 hours ago ago May 19 (UPI) -- General Atomics has received a $195.2 million contract modification for the advanced arresting gear of the USS Enterprise aircraft carrier. Lockheed Martin receives new THAAD contract 14 hours ago ago May 19 (UPI) -- Lockheed Martin has received a $112.2 million contract for the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense support program under the Missile Defense Agency. Safran to maintain RTM-322 helicopter engines 19 hours ago ago May 19 (UPI) -- Safran Helicopters has signed an engine maintenance deal with the German military. Trending Stories Man arrested after trying to break cockpit door on AA flight Judge dismisses 'clock boy' lawsuit Adrian Peterson leaving Minnesota, selling house for $695K Dwayne Johnson talks running for president on 'Tonight Show': 'We'll see' Arizona man's dad-dance for news chopper goes viral PHOTOS Kara McCullough, Miss District of Columbia, wins Miss USA title Dwayne Johnson, Zac Efron attend the premiere of their film, 'Baywatch,' in Miami Trumps welcome military spouses to White House Goldie Hawn, Amy Schumer attend the premiere of their film, 'Snatched,' in Los Angeles Scenes from Donald Trump's White House Robert De Niro honored at Chaplin Award Gala in New York Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Global Economy > Trade > Canada Reviews Boeing Contracts After Bombardier Jet Challenge Canada Reviews Boeing Contracts After Bombardier Jet Challenge May 19, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Canada Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said “Boeing’s petition is clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier’s new aircraft” from the U.S. market. Canada Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland Copyright Fiona Goodall, Getty Images Advertisement Canada’s government is threatening to “review” its defense contracts with Boeing Co. (IW 500/9), which include a planned purchase of Super Hornet fighter jets, in response to the U.S. company’s trade challenge against rival Bombardier Inc. Boeing is asking the International Trade Commission to find that it has suffered injury to its business at the hands of Bombardier, claiming the Canadian company’s C Series aircraft is being sold at unfairly low prices. Boeing wants the tribunal to recommend the Commerce Department impose duties on Bombardier. Late Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said “Boeing’s petition is clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier’s new aircraft” from the U.S. market, and hinted at retribution. While Freeland didn’t elaborate, Canada said in November it would enter talks with the Chicago-based company to buy 18 Super Hornets. Popular Now Five Ways to Optimize Supply Chain Management 3D Printing: Customers Taking Charge of the Supply Chain On-Demand Supply Chain Management Solutions to Increase as Economic Pressures Accelerate “Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing,” Freeland said in a statement. “Our government will defend the interests of Bombardier, the Canadian aerospace industry, and our aerospace workers.” The minister’s intervention is another sign of growing trade tensions between Canada and the U.S. on the day President Donald Trump gave notice to Congress he will renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. “Boeing admits it does not compete with exports of the CS100 aircraft, so it is all the more difficult to see these allegations as legitimate, particularly with the dominance of the Boeing 737 family in the U.S. market,” according to Freeland’s statement. A Boeing spokesman called Canada a valued customer. “Boeing consistently places substantial amounts of commercial and defense work in Canada and has a supply chain across all regions,” Scott Day said by email Thursday evening, noting ”our partnership dates back to 1919.” Bombardier has dismissed the allegations. “Boeing doesn’t even make a product that competes with the aircraft Bombardier offered in the sales campaigns that Boeing complains about,” lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum told the trade commission. The Canadian government earlier this year pledged C$372.5 million (US$274 million) to Bombardier to finance two jet programs including the C Series. Quebec’s provincial government invested $1 billion in the jetliner last year. By Greg Quinn Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Canada Pledges $282 Million in Aid for Bombardier's Marquee Jets Boeing's China Rival Mounts Challenge Using US Technology Canada to US: Play Nice With One of Your Biggest Customers 3 Embraer Mulls WTO Claim Against Bombardier After Delta Jet Deal Shrinking Demand for Private Jets Adds to Bombardier's Challenges THE LATEST Waste Material Could Lead to New US Manufacturing Jobs 2017 IndustryWeek Manufacturing & Technology Conference: IW Best Plants Awards Ceremony Is the US Trade Deficit Destroying Jobs? How To Keep Your Supply Chain From Killing You, Part 4 North Dakota Focuses on Accelerating Growth of Emerging Companies The Problem with More: Creating Better Visibility and Efficiency in the Supply Chain More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week May 17, 2017 Article Adding Additive Under the SoCal Sun Brothers Corey and Donovan Weber had next to no manufacturing experience when they opened Forecast 3D back in 1994. Now they make parts for most major automotive and aerospace companies, and are leading the way on the latest additive manufacturing technology....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Canada Reviews Boeing Contracts After Bombardier Jet Challenge Employers Beware: 63% of U.S. Workers Are Open to Leaving Nobody Likes a Bully Creating a Millennial-Friendly Workplace: Tips from Kimberly-Clark Toyota, Carmakers to Pay $553 Million over Air-Bag Losses IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Analytics-Based Sales: The New Era of B2B Growth On the Path to Profitable Growth: Real World Examples of How Manufacturers are Extracting Value from Big Data The Importance of Advanced Planning and Scheduling The Pulse of Performance Management 2017: The Next Generation of Solutions for Budgeting, Forecasting, Consolidation, Reporting, and Analytics View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Report: 2017 Manufacturing Communications Survey Overcoming The Growing Complexity of Support The Future of Information – the Disruptive Enterprise How Digital Transformation Drives Supply Chain Restructuring Imperative Optimize Your B2B Integration with the Right Partner More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to main content Advertisement Home Topics Automotive Cloud Computing Design & Development E-Commerce ERP Economics Energy Global IoT Labor Operations Purchasing Quality Control Regulatory Security Software Supply Chain Technology Automation Watch Manufacturing Minute Search Social Facebook Twitter Guides Companies Products Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels MNET CHEM FM ID IMPO PP Advertisement Advertisement Canada Warns It May Cancel U.S. Jet Buy Over Bombardier Probe 17 hours 15 min ago Comments by Rob Gillies, Associated Press Global TORONTO (AP) — Canada's government warned Thursday it could cancel a planned US$2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of U.S. Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington on Thursday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the U.S. market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the U.S. and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the U.S. and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Related Reads America's Biggest Defense Contractors Is The F-22 Raptor Coming Back From The Dead? The Future Is Now Group Finds Mexico Hurt U.S. By Dumping Subsidized Sugar Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Manufacturing Business Technology Facebook Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Contributor Guidelines Topics Automotive Cloud Computing Design & Development E-Commerce ERP Economics Energy Global Iot Labor Operations Purchasing Quality Control Regulatory Security Software Supply Chain Technology © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. Accept and close Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2018 Routes Asia 2018 Routes Europe 2018 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Advertise With Us Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone Advertise With Us News My News Breaking News Airlineroute Community Blog Routes News Magazine Routes TV Advertise With Us More Downloads Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Etihad adds Boeing 777 Munich service from June 2017 By Jim Liu Twitter LinkedIn Posted 19 May 2017 08:00 Share this article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Etihad Airways starting next month is launching Boeing 777-300ER service on Abu Dhabi – Munich route, serving this market on regular basis. Initially, EY005/006 will be operated by the 328-seater Boeing 777 from 02JUN17, followed by EY004/003 from 01JUL17. For the remainder of summer season, A330-300 aircraft will occasionally operate on selected dates (A340-600 on selected dates in mid-July 2017), instead of the 777. Winter schedule from 29OCT17 calls for 2 daily 777-300ER operation. EY005 AUH0225 – 0700MUC EQV D EY003 AUH0905 – 1340MUC EQV D EY006 MUC1210 – 2025AUH EQV D EY004 MUC2235 – 0645+1AUH EQV D Note the aircraft adjustment on this route was briefly mentioned on Airlineroute in previous reports, without specifying the launch date of Boeing 777 regular service. Share this article Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Register for Routes Europe 2018 in Bilbao, Basque Country , 22 - 24 April 2018 Register for Routes Asia 2018 in Brisbane, Australia, 18 - 20 March 2018 About The Author... Jim Liu Twitter LinkedIn Data & Analysis Manager - Airlineroute, Routesonline Jim is responsible for the content on our sister blog, Airlineroute, which offers an indispensible guide to flight schedule updates. Launched in 2007, the site became part of the Routesonline content offering in 2010 and continues to provide breaking news on new routes and schedule changes to the network development community. Follow @airlineroute 37,890 followers Get our newsletter! Subscribe to our daily Airlineroute newsletter for the latest route changes and updates. Email Address: * Subscribe Related Organisations Related Topics Abu Dhabi Airports Munich Airport Middle East Europe Etihad Airways Summer 2017 Asia Download The Power of Forecasting ASM have set out to demystify forecasting, to shed light on how it works and why it’s important to both airport and airlines. Download White-paper Related Stories ETIHAD S17 operation changes as of 15MAR17 Posted 15 March 2017 15:25 Etihad S17 operation changes as of 25JAN17 Posted 26 January 2017 08:30 Etihad Extends A340-600 service to Oct 2017 Posted 15 May 2017 07:30 Etihad June 2017 Amsterdam aircraft changes Posted 11 May 2017 07:30 Lufthansa begins Etihad codeshare service from Feb 2017 Posted 13 February 2017 03:00 All Related Stories Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2018 Routes Asia 2018 Routes Europe 2018 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sustainability Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., Acresfield, 8-10 Exchange Street, Manchester, M2 7HA, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2730 F. +44 (0)161 234 2737 Company Number: 00370721 © 2017 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video     Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Travel Destinations Holiday Types Expert Reviews Mail Travel MailEscapes Celebrity Travel My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Who said cats were the funniest thing on the internet? Behold, the most hilarious dog pictures EVER It's not just men! The hilarious photographs that show women 'FEMSPREADING' on public transport  From Mayotte to Madagascar and Reunion Island: The tropical islands that compete for the mantle of 'total paradise', and how to visit them Que? Brits jet off abroad knowing only EIGHT foreign words or phrases (but most know how to order a beer)  Footage captures EIGHT fearless people travelling on a single motorbike in rural India (including two children) Do you lie to your boss about working from home? A quarter of Brits are actually ABROAD while claiming they're beavering away in their house Forget 10 days by a pool: Meet the couple who have been honeymooning for MONTHS on a roadtrip through South America in a 4X4 (and they have no idea when the trip will end) Now you can 'WALK' among the soldiers of China's Terracotta Army thanks to a stunning new 360-degree interactive video Make for the Malvern hills: Detoxing and switching off at an Ayurvedic spa set in the Worcestershire countryside A capital offence: Travelling by train or coach from London? Your trip could cost three times MORE than the exact same journey in reverse From the 'Pulsocon Blood Circulator' to the 'Hollywood Vibra-Tone': Sex toy museum displays fascinating antique vibrators originally designed to treat 'hysteria' Air traffic controllers at London City airport will become first in UK to direct planes via videolink Barbados? It's a bargain: Why you don't need a footballer's salary to experience its delights Champagne-soaked views, private plunge pools and indulgent pillow menus: How a stylish Santorini hotel perched on a volcano is heating up the VIP romance market Stress-free in Seattle: Uncovering the charms and coffee culture of the big city of America's Pacific north-west  Lulled by lavish Lima: Why Peru's cosmopolitan capital is way more than a pit-stop on the path to Machu Picchu We're off to see the manatee! Skip the theme park thrills of Florida and go to meet some gentle giants instead Cuban food, French pharmacies, swimming holes and U.S ghost towns: Pinterest report reveals what trendy travellers want their holidays to feature in 2017 Would YOU spend £3,000 on second-hand airport seats? The weird and wonderful aviation items available on Ebay COMPETITION: Win the ultimate 48 hours in Abu Dhabi with Etihad Airways  COMPETITION: Win a £1,500 Thomas Cook holiday voucher  In search of a Swiss art master: On the trail of Alberto Giacometti in his own country (plenty of chocolate included) Get covered! How to get the right holiday insurance this summer (and why your existing policy may be invalid) What a carry-on! The 4-in-1 car seat that doubles as a travelling bed, booster AND handbag Previous Next Stress-free in Seattle: Uncovering the charms and coffee culture of the big city of America's Pacific north-west The biggest city in Washington state is a must-see for fans of urban America Virgin Atlantic has just launched direct flights to Seattle from London Heathrow The city is home to museums and markets, but also framed by volcanic scenery  By Nick Boulos For The Daily Mail Published: 03:42 EDT, 19 May 2017 | Updated: 03:42 EDT, 19 May 2017 e-mail 35 shares 20 View comments Seattle may not have the iconic sights of New York or the glitz of Los Angeles, but nor does it have the frenetic pace and brashness. Known as the U.S.'s tech capital (Microsoft and Amazon are based here), it also has the terrific backdrop of the Mount Rainier National Park, home to the famous 4,392m-tall snow-capped peak. And now that Virgin Atlantic has launched daily direct flights, there's never been a better time to explore. A towering attraction: Seattle has an iconic skyline - with the Space Needle to the fore Seattle is nicknamed the Emerald City on account of its 6,000 acres of parkland and there's a welcoming, easy-going vibe that's hard to resist. The sunny days of summer are fast approaching and with them the lively Seattle International Dance Festival (seattleidf.org) next month, followed by July's tasty Seattle Street Food Festival (seattlestfoodfest.com). RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 3 Next Airline meals from the 1950s to the 1980s revealed (and with... An Inspector Calls: Checking in at The Ned, a lavish... What a carry-on! The 4-in-1 car seat that doubles as a... Take a seat and get back on track: A meandering rail trip... Five-star fun for three-star prices at a fine French holiday... Cuban food, French pharmacies, swimming holes and U.S ghost... Barbados? It's a bargain: Why you don't need a footballer's... Who said cats were the funniest thing on the internet?... Lulled by lavish Lima: Why Peru's cosmopolitan capital is... A capital offence: Travelling by train or coach from London?... Share this article Share 35 shares Culture clubs Make a beeline for MoPop, officially known as the Museum of Pop Culture (mopop.org), a striking space dedicated to music and movies, with interactive exhibits covering everything from Jimi Hendrix to Star Trek. Next door is the whimsical Chihuly Garden and Glass museum (chihulygardenand­ glass.com), ­filled with designs that wouldn't look out of place at the Mad Hatter's tea party. Bright lights, big city: The Chihuly Garden and Glass museum is one of Seattle's key sights Boeing boom  Chances are you'll have arrived in Seattle aboard one of Virgin Atlantic's new 787 Dreamliners, built just down the road at Boeing's HQ in Everett. Go behind the scenes and see how they are put together at the Future Of Flight Aviation Centre (boeing.com). Tours of the world's largest building - the doors are each the size of a football pitch - reveal how these metallic birds go from the factory floor to the skies. You'll never look at a 747 in quite the same way. Island life Across Elliot Bay and a 35-minute ferry ride from Downtown is quiet and quaint Bainbridge Island. This tiny community, with its pretty white picket houses and harbour filled with fishing boats, is an idyllic escape from the city bustle. Stroll along Winslow Way to enjoy the family-run cafes, boutique galleries and independent shops. The ferry ride back towards the skyscrapers of Seattle is another highlight. Arguably, the best view of the city is from the top of the Space Needle (spaceneedle.com). This futuristic tower dominates the skyline and has become the symbol of the city. Built in 1962, its design was based on a bagel on a stick. Food for thought: Pike Place Market is one of the culinary hubs - and has the first Starbucks King of the hill Seattle's hippest neighbourhood is Capitol Hill, known to locals simply as 'The Hill' and famed for its laidback vibe, cosy cafes and bohemian bars. Prop up the dive bar at Montana (montanainseattle.com), a drinking den big on character. For something more sophisticated, order a craft cocktail at Sun Liquor (sunliquor.com). The Rebuttal, a mix of cachaca, sherry, banana liqueur and bitters, is recommended. For a hearty brunch the following morning, head to The Wandering Goose (the­ wanderinggoose.com). Try the Hangtown Fry - fried oysters, poached eggs and pork belly. Market madness One of the most famous addresses in Seattle is the Pike Place Market, the longest continuously running farmers' market in the U.S. It now covers six floors offering some of the city's best food. Chains are not permitted unless they originated in the market - which Starbucks did. Crowds gather outside the branch for a caffeine fix. But Pike Place is much more than Starbucks. Take a tour with Savor Seattle (savorseattle­tours.com) for two hours of local insight and culinary treats.  Travel Facts  Virgin Atlantic (virginatlantic.com) offers return flights from London Heathrow to Seattle from £479. Doubles at the Thompson Hotel (thompsonhotels.com, 001 206 623 4600) from £186 a night. Further information via Seattle Tourism (seattle­washingtonstate.co.uk). Read more: Space Needle - Seattle Landmark and Tourist Attraction www.montanainsea... HugeDomains.com - WanderingGoose.com is for sale (Wandering Goose) www.seattle­wash... Luxury Boutique Hotel Management Company | Thompson Hotels | Luxury Hotel Groups Chihuly Garden and Glass | Home Boeing: The Boeing Company www.seattlestfoo... Book flights with Virgin Atlantic Seattle International Dance Festival Savor Seattle Food Tours - Taste Seattle's Best Food Sun Liquor — Age Verification www.mopop.org Seattle International Dance Festival Seattle International Dance Festival Share or comment on this article e-mail 35 shares Most watched News videos Must watch video of shotgunning a beer with a real gun Bunny rabbit escapes through impossibly small gap in cage Army recruiting ad removed for featuring convicted rapist Amazing footage of sharks swimming very close to Myrtle beach Man found dead in car in North Charleston Laying low: Lady fakes road accident when car is still far away Dozens of MS-13 gang members rounded up in Los Angeles raid Shocking moment student kicks 4-year-old for disrupting her date Adorable moment flight attendant helps cheer up upset little girl Drunk man falls off 2nd story top golf ledge after swing China's new combat copter 'Black Hurricane' takes to the skies Mike Pence elbows a child in the face, who later on demands an apology Stunning moment a daredevil highliner walks between two... You must be yolking! Boy named Bear has a cracking time... Sheriff who slayed Billy the Kid was shot and killed by a... State of emergency is declared on Greek island battling a... Motorcyclist is thrown from his bike when he hits a... No raining on his parade! Hilarious video shows shirtless... Who needs a dentist when you've got Dylan? No-nonsense... Boy, 14, leads police on a 100mph chase in a stolen car -... Healthier ice-cream? McDonald's removes artificial flavor... Little girl who sobbed for half an hour leaving Orlando... Pass the parcel: Canny builders show the power of... Doctor accused of drugging and raping unconscious... Three event workers are injured after fire breaks out at... Murdered father of two was 'buried alive' after being... Retired pastor, 66, is arrested for 'taking photos of his... 'They're playing golf over heroes': 'Maintenance workers'... 'We lost everything we had': Man is reunited with his two... Germany’s first ever Holocaust professor begins work in a... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 20 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     TOP STORIES IN TRAVEL It's not just men! The hilarious photographs that show women 'FEMSPREADING' on public transport    Who said cats were the funniest thing on the internet? Behold, the most hilarious dog pictures EVER   Footage captures EIGHT fearless people travelling on a single motorbike in rural India (including two children)   Do you lie to your boss about working from home? A quarter of Brits are actually ABROAD while claiming they're beavering away in their house   Forget 10 days by a pool: Meet the couple who have been honeymooning for MONTHS on a roadtrip through south America in a 4X4 (and they have no idea when the trip will end)   Now you can 'WALK' among the soldiers of China's Terracotta Army thanks to a stunning new 360-degree interactive video   Que? Brits jet off abroad knowing only EIGHT foreign words or phrases (but most know how to order a beer)    Make for the Malvern hills: Detoxing and switching off at an Ayurvedic spa set in the Worcestershire countryside   Barbados? It's a bargain: Why you don't need a footballer's salary to experience its delights   Stress-free in Seattle: Uncovering the charms and coffee culture of the big city of America's Pacific north-west    Lulled by lavish Lima: Why Peru's cosmopolitan capital is way more than a pit-stop on the path to Machu Picchu   From the 'Pulsocon Blood Circulator' to the 'Hollywood Vibra-Tone': Sex toy museum displays fascinating antique vibrators originally designed to treat 'hysteria'   Would YOU spend £3,000 on second-hand airport seats? The weird and wonderful aviation items available on Ebay   A capital offence: Travelling by train or coach from London? Your trip could cost three times MORE than the exact same journey in reverse   Cuban food, French pharmacies, swimming holes and U.S ghost towns: Pinterest report reveals what trendy travellers want their holidays to feature in 2017 What a carry-on! The 4-in-1 car seat that doubles as a travelling bed, booster AND handbag   Champagne-soaked views, private plunge pools and indulgent pillow menus: How a stylish Santorini hotel perched on a volcano is heating up the VIP romance market   TSA drafts in 2,000 agents (and 50 canine teams) to cope with the record-breaking 234MILLION expected to travel via the US this summer   In search of a Swiss art master: On the trail of Alberto Giacometti in his own country (plenty of chocolate included)   We're off to see the manatee! Skip the theme park thrills of Florida and go to meet some gentle giants instead   Silver service on the highest of seas: Sailing away on the splendid Silver Muse, where Champagne flows on tap   Get covered! How to get the right holiday insurance this summer (and why your existing policy may be invalid)   Tails of the city! The dungeon museum that lets live RATS run around its café to give visitors a truly genuine experience (and of course, there's ratatouille on the menu)   Rare 19th century photos offer a glimpse into everyday life in America's first Chinatown before it was destroyed by an earthquake Margate's historic Dreamland is returned to its former glory (again) after flop revival in 2015 thanks to £25million cash injection   Officials set to meet to discuss laptop ban on flights from Europe to the US - as Australia also considers introducing the measure   Mongolian magic: Yoga, camel rides and staying in yurts in the Gobi Desert - touring Asia's most intriguing nation   A brighter side of a changing country: Cruising north-west Burma, where few tourists go (but headhunters remain)   Are you up to date on current affairs? All you need to know about the latest and best river cruises   Airline meals from the 1950s to the 1980s revealed (and with caviar in economy class, vases of flowers and china crockery, no wonder it was flying's golden age)   From jet lag-curing glasses to a pocket-sized SELFIE DRONE: This year's most innovative travel gadgets revealed   Bragging rights on the high seas has been decided for 2017: These are the superyachts costing up to £700million named as the world's best in prestigious awards Sleepy Indonesian village becomes migraine-inducing Instagram hit after locals spend £17,000 transforming it into a day-glow wonderland   From sweeping seascapes to a soaring eagle: The best drone photography in the world celebrated in a stunning new book   A lobby worthy of a James Bond movie, mini nail-polish dryers and loos with a massage function: Inside the jaw-dropping Tokyo hotel that you'll love... if you're feeling flush   I'm only here for the bears: Exploring Canada for a (not too close) encounter with black, grizzly, polar and cream-coloured bruins   Fancy owning a castle, for FREE? Italian government is giving away 100 ancient properties for nothing (but there is a catch...)   The new hotel in Miami's financial district that's perfect for work - but even better for play (thanks to a 20,000-sq-ft pool area and the hippest roof-top bar in town)   From office to ocean: Woman's two-week holiday turns into an 18-month trip after she quit her finance job to KITE SURF around the world   Dive into immersive cruising: Why now is the time to slow down and explore one destination in depth   From saving suitcase space to crease-proofing your clothing: The nifty packing hacks you NEED to know this summer   Can you spot them all? Incredible images capture VERY well-camouflaged creatures around the world   Put off by Dubai's excessive glitz? Inside the hotel hoping to lure customers that loathe the city's flashy side   A death-defying drive to the roof of Africa - and all for a swift pint   Lake Geneva mansion designed by Eiffel Tower architect with eight bedrooms and its own harbour goes up for sale (but you'll need to splash out £35million if you want it)  Ask Frank Barrett: It's not too late to bag a deal on your summer holiday    Who needs Provence when the glorious Gard is just next door? Ancient ruins and the finest wines on tap make for a perfect French getaway   From 'train surfing' children to a camel in traffic: Entries from National Geographic's 2017 photo contest capture everyday life from around the world   A front seat to the best wildlife show on earth: Inside the lavish fenceless Botswana safari camp where hunting is banned and guests include Prince Harry   How does YOUR wealth stack up? Online tool reveals where your salary ranks in the world (and you're far richer than you think)   We've all been there: Comical photos capture the grim reality of delayed flights, traffic jams and commutes around the world   From dolphin tanks to Ferris wheels: How the craze for yoga in odd places is now sweeping Las Vegas As sick as a parrot? Hotel secretly films ill guest cavorting after being tipped off over sickness compensation claim    How three quarters of public transport users in Britain have got trapped in bus or train doors    Orient Excess: Sian Lloyd tours Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan, South Korea and China in one voyage - and enjoys more great food than you can imagine   Roam along the Rhone: From Arles to Lyons, you'll find a host of delights on this French river cruise   Sun, golf, and entertainment for the kids: A corner of Spain that suits the whole family   Glorious glimpses of the past on the road to Mandalay: An enchanting voyage through Burma   Canal knowledge: How to make the most of your post-Brexit pound in the very pricey Amsterdam   JetBlue kick family off plane in confrontation over their mom's birthday cake after it is 'deemed a SECURITY RISK' on flight to Las Vegas to celebrate her 40th   Drayton Manor reopens with cut-price admission as theme park bosses keep closed the seven rides overlooking spot where girl, 11, died    Take a trip from the Arctic to Dubai: The best new cruises to book now   Take a seat and get back on track: A rail trip through Europe is just the ticket to lift the spirits   An Inspector Calls: The Ned in London is a lavish converted bank with plenty of Art Deco charm   Five-star fun for three-star prices at this French holiday park: The thrills of a family camping getaway in Brittany   Patagonian peaks, bull-chasing Spaniards and alien-like rocks: Photographers asked to capture the beauty in the world produced stunning results   Is this African love nest proof Harry's about to pop the question? We present the compelling evidence that an engagement could be imminent    'It went psycho': Qantas pilot reveals horror moment computers on flight QF72 BROKE DOWN - sending the aircraft nosediving towards the Indian Ocean with 303 passengers on board   A frighteningly bad idea? Indonesian officials plan tourism boost by erecting a 330ft statue of the ghost from horror movie The Ring    On board the 4,300-mile commuter train: The Trans-Mongolian service captured in amazing pictures as it trundles from China to Russia   British holidaymakers are warned they face prosecution for making bogus food poisoning compensation claims in Portugal   Bidding war erupts for chance to take the first plunge in Manchester's refurbished Victoria Baths (with fascinating photos revealing how the £3.5m refit has transformed it)   Not your garden variety B&B! Wooden shed is transformed into £30-per-night romantic bolthole for star-gazing couples   Inside Vietnam: A land of serenity, chaos, charm and beauty (and you haven't lived until you hear 'Let It Go' in a Vietnamese accent with ukulele backing)   Forget bikram! Discovering the joys of yoga in the ARCTIC - on board a Russian research vessel   A museum with 20,000 artefacts, a 27-hole golf course and grounds larger than MONACO: Inside the biggest hotel you've (probably) never heard of   It's enough to cause a crash diet! Airline passengers share snaps of the most DISGUSTING in-flight food they've ever been served   Could this put an end to screaming kids on long-haul flights? £45 device transforms bog-standard economy seats into a handy HAMMOCK   The road to success! How 800 Chinese villagers joined forces to build a six-mile highway through a MOUNTAIN    Is this BLANKET the solution to jet-lag? Weighted quilt promises to mimic the effects of a sleeping pill on long flights (and it's yours for just £150)   Now the kids can come to paradise, too: The Maldives resorts that now cater for the whole family (and not just honeymooners) The 37-room hotel that costs the same as the average London home: Coastal lodge with 20 acres of garden and a spa is yours for just £500,000   10 fantastic deals from National Ferry Fortnight including free tickets for kids and £20 meal vouchers   Scooters, saris and plain sailing: A relaxing way to introduce children to the beauty of India - and Mumbai's sheer mayhem   Malta's going to be magical: A sneak peek of the Capital of Culture programme as Valletta gears up for its year of glory   From a fractured leg to hiking in the rain, the pleasure and pain of Spain's Camino de Santiago pilgrimage    Thomas Cook cancels all flight and hotel bookings for Sharm el-Sheikh following ISIS attack fears    Incredible timelapse video shows a day in the life of the busiest runway in the WORLD with 24 hours crunched into just three minutes of footage   Turrets galore, strategic arrow slits and picturesque hilltop settings: Stunning vintage postcards reveal Wales' magnificent castles   The Cotswolds country house that's just like a home from home (but with a few extra touches... such as an award-winning spa and candlelit indoor pool)   Having dinner 20ft under the sea? Now that really is luxury! Saturdays singer Frankie Bridge heads to the Maldives for a delayed - but delicious - honeymoon   The hotel with a lot to whisper about: Living the high life in the Mayfair town house that's the last word in hushed opulence   Cannabis retreat launches in California with marijuana-infused meals and 'psychedelic yoga' to help guests 'expand their minds'   The village that time forgot: Exploring the authentic communities and deserted coves of untouched Turkey   Greece is the word! From partying in Mykonos to fuelling romance in Santorini, how to tour the islands in style   Indiana Jones, eat your heart out! The amazing moment a daredevil base-jumps over the ancient city of Petra   Snowy peaks, glassy lakes and blooming bluebells: Photographer reveals the best places for snapping the Lake District (and his stunning images are proof his tips are spot on)   The Eurostar feature that will be music to your ears: Trains now have a 'sound menu' with tracks chosen by a psychologist to help passengers work and (if there's a huge delay) keep calm   Free tropical stays for under-5s, a luxury Greek retreat with a creche and a chic Jamaican hotel where baby turtles hatch: The best family beach breaks revealed Family of young man left for dead in hit-and-run in Thailand appeal for cash after travel insurance company 'refused to pay' £12k medical bill   Cruise the Rhine... in your car: Why a driving holiday in Germany is an easy delight - just as long as you avoid the Nurburgring race track!   Saints and winners: Amazing architecture, top tapas and the original Zara store on a tour of Galicia   LATEST TRAVEL NEWS Tourists warned as Goa taxi protest turns violent Parliament to debate cost of term-time holidays New Brazil yoga retreats for World Cup widows Outer Hebrides boasts stunning airport approach Lewis Hamilton to star in Top Gear festival Thailand set to lose £1.6bn in tourism revenue 14% of Brits abroad refuse to speak local dialect Egypt bombing: New FCO advice to UK tourists India to cut red tape and issue visas on arrival Qatar Airways' new all-business class flights Rise in British travellers visiting Germany Brits rate cuisine as essential part of holiday London to Glasgow train to host comedy gig British sounds in £2.5m tourism advert Two-fifths of parents would risk term-time trip         TravelMail Partners   Free prepaid MasterCard for your Euros or Dollars   Save up to 85% on phone calls on holiday Next story Lulled by lavish Lima: Why Peru's cosmopolitan capital is way more than a pit-stop on the path to Machu Picchu 6 comments Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu The Diplomat Account Home My AccountSign In About Us Advertise Syndication Write for Us Contact Us The Diplomat Central Asia East Asia Oceania South Asia Southeast Asia Economy Diplomacy Environment Politics Security Society Blogs China PowerFlashpointsAsia DefenseASEAN BeatThe PulseThe KoreasTokyo ReportThe DebateCrossroads AsiaTrans-Pacific ViewPacific MoneyAsia LifeOceania Interviews Photo Essays Videos Through the Lens: Life and Politics in Asia Podcasts Japan AffairsAsia GeopoliticsKorea Talk Magazine Subscribe   Flashpoints Image Credit: U.S. Air Force via Wikimedia Commons 2 Chinese Fighters Conduct 'Unprofessional' Intercept of US Air Force WC-135 Two Chinese Su-30s allegedly intercepted a U.S. WC-135 Constant Phoenix over the East China Sea. By Ankit Panda for The Diplomat May 19, 2017               On Wednesday, two Chinese People’s Liberation Army Air Force (PLAAF) Su-30 fighters intercepted a U.S. Air Force Boeing WC-135 Constant Phoenix aircraft over the East China Sea, according to U.S. authorities. U.S. officials are describing the intercept as “unprofessional.” “While we are still investigating the incident, initial reports from the U.S. aircrew characterized the intercept as unprofessional. The issue is being addressed with China through appropriate diplomatic and military channels,” U.S. Air Force Lt. Col. Hodge said in a statement. According to CNN’s report on the incident, “the Chinese jets came within 150 feet of the US plane, with one of the Su-30s flying inverted, or upside down, directly above the American plane.” The incident reportedly took place in international airspace. China has not released any statement.Enjoying this article? Click here to subscribe for full access. Just $5 a month. The WC-135 Constant Phoenix aircraft detects radioactive debris and collects other atmospheric and weather-related data; at least one has been deployed in the Asia-Pacific in anticipation of a sixth North Korean nuclear test. Reports in April noted that the United States had deployed a WC-135 to Okinawa. Wednesday’s incident is the first serious aerial encounter between the United States and China since an incident the United States described as unsafe near Scarborough Shoal in February 2017. In that incident, a Chinese Shaanxi KJ-200 airborne early warning & control (AEW&C) aircraft flew within 1,000 feet of a U.S. Navy Lockheed P-3C Orion. Two similar incidents took place in 2016. In June 2016, over the East China Sea, where China declared an air defense identification zone in 2013, a U.S. Boeing RC-135 was intercepted by one PLAAF Chengdu J-10 fighter. The Chinese fighter flew within around 100 feet of the U.S. aircraft. In May 2016, over the South China Sea, two PLAAF Shenyang J-11 fighters flew within 50 feet of a U.S. Navy EP-3 Aries signals reconnaissance aircraft. The United States described that incident as an unsafe intercept as well. In 2015, an aerial encounter between the United States and China occurred when a U.S. RC-135 reconnaissance aircraft was intercepted 80 miles east of China’s Shandong province, in international airspace. Two Chinese JH-7 aircraft came within 500 feet of the U.S. aircraft in that incident. Similarly, in August 2014, a PLAAF fighter made passes near a U.S. P-8 Poseidon surveillance aircraft that were described at the time as “unprofessional” and “dangerous” at the time. In that incident, U.S. authorities said that the Chinese fighter passed near the P-8 “at 90 degrees with its belly towards the P-8 Poseidon … to make a point of showing its weapons load.” In September 2015, during a state visit by Chinese President Xi Jinping to the United States, the U.S. and China concluded an agreement to govern air-to-air encounters of military aircraft. The agreement was meant to prevent unsafe incidents in the airspace near China. In 2001, a Chinese F-8 fighter collided with a U.S. EP-3 aircraft near China’s Hainan Island, killing the Chinese pilot and grounding the U.S. plane. The incident spiraled into a major bilateral dispute between the two countries. Update: This article has been updated to reflect corrected statements by U.S. officials that the incident took place in the East China Sea, not the Yellow Sea. Topics Flashpoints Tags Air-to-air encounters East China Sea South China Sea U.S.-China Relations Unsafe intercept Yellow Sea Related Stories June 08, 2016 Chinese Fighter Conducts 'Unsafe' Intercept of US Spy Plane in East China Sea The “unsafe” intercept occurred on Tuesday in international airspace over the East China Sea. Read Story US Bomber Receives Chinese Warning Over East China Sea SkiesUS Sanctions Against China Over the East and South China Seas: A Serious Proposal?South China Sea: 2 Chinese Fighters Conduct 'Unsafe' Intercept of US EP-3 Recon AircraftWhat the Pentagon Thinks of China’s MilitaryAmericans Are Worried About China, But the Reasons Why Might Surprise You Latest Blogs May 20, 2017 South China Sea: Japan’s Largest Warship Concludes Drill With US Navy Littoral Combat Ship The Japan Maritime Self Defense Force and U.S. Navy completed a passing exercise in the South China Sea this week. Read Post Geography and the Coming US-China War at SeaWhy Is Australia Dragging Its Feet on China's Belt and Road?The Fall of Cambodia’s Patron-Client Politics?Why Does a Top Scientist’s Move to US Strike a Nerve in China?China, ASEAN Come to Agreement on a Framework South China Sea Code of Conduct Latest Features May 19, 2017 Nepal: Elections at the Epicenter Two years after major earthquakes rocked the country, a Nepali family makes a 30-hour journey to cast their ballots. Read Feature What Iran's Election Means for the WorldIslamic Fashion on the Rise in MalaysiaVietnam: The Curious Fall of a Communist LeaderFor Kashmir, CPEC Highlights DivisionsSouth Korea’s 19th Presidential Election: Lessons Learned Follow Us  Facebook  Twitter  Google  RSS Newsletter Sign up for our weekly newsletter The Diplomat Brief Email Address Popular Stories May 15, 2017 North Korea's New Intermediate-Range Ballistic Missile, the Hwasong-12: First Takeaways North Korea introduces the Hwasong-12, a "perfect weapon system" that may bring the U.S. territory of Guam into range. Read Story May 13, 2017 Is Rodrigo Duterte Really Anti-American? The Philippine president’s actions prove that this label is far too simplistic. Read Story May 12, 2017 Who Is Actually Attending China's Belt and Road Forum? Which countries are sending officials to China's big international summit? Read Story Interview May 09, 2017 Janet Henry on China’s Economic Reform Scorecard How to keep the world’s second largest economy in shape? Read Interview More Interviews Regions Central Asia East Asia Oceania South Asia Southeast Asia Topics Blogs Diplomacy Economy Environment Features Interviews Magazine Photo Essays Podcasts Politics Security Society The Diplomat's Quiz Videos Blogs China Power Flashpoints Asia Defense ASEAN Beat The Pulse The Koreas Tokyo Report The Debate Crossroads Asia Trans-Pacific View Pacific Money Asia Life Oceania Archives Sport & Culture Indian Decade A New Japan New Leaders Forum New Emissary Tokyo Notes APAC Insider Asia Scope China, What's Next? James Holmes Tech Biz Zachary Keck The Diplomat About Us Partners Advertise Syndication Privacy Policy Contact Us © 2017 The Diplomat. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Kalitta Air Takes Delivery of Leased 747-400F Factory Freighter from GECAS Shannon, Ireland – May 18, 2017 – A leading provider of air cargo transportation, Kalitta Air took delivery of the first of two leased 747-400F factory freighters from GECAS today, marking a new milestone in the decade-long relationship of the two companies. While GECAS has previously provided debt financing to Kalitta on several 747-400’s (both factory and converted freighters), this delivery is the first aircraft on lease to Kalitta from GECAS, adding capacity to Kalitta Air’s existing fleet of more than 15 widebody freighters. Serving a wide range of clients — from DHL to the U.S. military – Kalitta combines global air cargo service with comprehensive airframe and engine maintenance solutions.   GECAS, a consistent lender to Kalitta Air over the past several years, welcomes the chance to now provide leasing solutions to this air cargo industry stalwart. “Based on our relationship and its continued growth,” noted Chris Damianos, GECAS’ EVP & Manager Specialty Markets, “GECAS is pleased to transition these 747-400Fs to Kalitta.” “GECAS has been very supportive of Kalitta Air as we have renewed our fleet,” stated founder and CEO, Conrad Kalitta, “As a trusted partner, I value GECAS’ focus on the air cargo sector.” Boeing’s 747F, the most broadly used large widebody freighter, offers fuel and operational efficiencies along with the industry’s only nose-loading configuration, which is a true differentiator to cargo operators and their customers. About GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) GE Capital Aviation Services (GECAS) is a world leader in aviation leasing and financing.  With 50 years of aviation finance experience, GECAS offers a wide range of aircraft types including narrow-bodies, wide-bodies, regional jets, turboprops, freighters and helicopters, plus multiple financing products and services including operating leases, purchase/leasebacks, secured debt financing, capital markets, engine leasing, airframe parts management and airport/airline consulting.  GECAS owns or services a fleet of over 1,950 aircraft (1,660 fixed wing/ 306 rotary wing) in operation or on order, plus provides loans collateralized on an additional ~400 aircraft. GECAS serves over 270 customers in over 75 countries from a network of 25 offices. gecas.com GECAS Media contact: James Luton +1 203 842 5887   james.luton@gecas.com About Kalitta Air Kalitta Air is a Michigan Limited Liability Company owned solely by Conrad Kalitta. Kalitta Air began service in November 2000 with three Boeing 747 aircraft and the fleet has grown to more than 15 Boeing widebody freighters. Capable of air express delivery of virtually any type of freight, the company provides scheduled or on-demand charter service for customers in the United States and around the world. Kalitta Air has maintained a strong presence in the airfreight industry, expanding our fleet to meet growing customers’ demands. Kalitta Air is committed to providing our customers with the most cost effective and complete on-demand air cargo services available in the industry. Whether your demands are for short haul, long haul, or the need to move the odd shaped cargo that requires a nose loader, we have the right aircraft for your demands. kalittaair.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Powered Air Purifying Respirator (PAPR) Market Global Analysis & 2017-2022 Forecast Report Next PostNext 2017 to 2022 Global Dish Detergent Sales Market Research Analysis Report Search Recent Posts Contractor Warns to Hire the Right Pros the First Time for a Remodel Go Crazy with Louis King’s Best Hip Hop Creation -Too Much- New premium French cidre brand 6Somewhere launches in almost 500 Tesco stores ELSE Corp startup rated by Early Metrics Conclusions from Critical Infrastructure Protection and Resilience, Europe 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
× Thank you for reading! Please log in, sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Thank you for reading 10 free articles on our site. You can come back at the end of your 30-day period for another 10 free articles, or you can purchase a subscription and continue to enjoy valuable local news and information. If you need help, please contact our office at 336-727-7211. Sign Up Log In Current 7 Day Print Subscriber   Add digital to current active 7 day print subscription Monday - Sunday & All Access Best Value Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $15.95 $15.95 Monday - Saturday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $11.09* $11.09* Existing Subscribers $11.09* Saturday - Monday & All Access Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $12.69* $12.69* Existing Subscribers $12.69* Sunday Only & All Access Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Plus receive digital access, which includes unlimited use of JournalNow.com on web and mobile web as well as our electronic replica edition. New Subscribers $10.05* $10.05* Existing Subscribers $10.05* All Access Only Receive unlimited web and mobile web access to JournalNow.com and get an electronic replica edition every day. New Subscribers $9.99* $9.99* Existing Subscribers $9.99* × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm The following services are print only and offer no digital access Monday - Sunday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper every day. Print Only $15.95 $15.95 Existing Subscribers $15.95 Monday – Saturday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Monday - Saturday.  Print Only $10.10 $10.10 Existing Subscribers $10.10 Saturday – Monday Home Delivery Get home delivery of the newspaper Saturday - Monday. Print Only $11.70 $11.70 Existing Subscribers $11.70 Sunday Only Home Delivery Get home delivery of the Sunday newspaper. Print Only $9.06 $9.06 Existing Subscribers $9.06 × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Welcome, Guest Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip E-Edition Special Sections Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West E-Edition Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Media Kit Advertise Careers Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Newsletters Find Local Deals Contests Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Special Sections Calendar 69° Broken Clouds Winston-Salem, NC (27101) Today Partly cloudy early. Scattered thunderstorms developing in the afternoon. High 88F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 40%.. Tonight Partly to mostly cloudy skies with scattered thunderstorms mainly before midnight. Low 64F. Winds ENE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: May 20, 2017 @ 1:54 am Full Forecast Weather sponsored by Blaze Air Search Toggle navigation Home Subscriptions Subscribe Manage Subscription Go to e-Edition Change Password Report An Issue FAQ News Local Business Elections Ask Sam Scott Sexton State / Region Nation / World Blogs Lottery Results Submit A News Tip E-Edition Special Sections Search Journalnow.com Crime Obituaries Sports High School / Prep Zone Auto Racing College Wake Forest Blog: My Take On Wake Winston-Salem State Blog: Ram Ramblings Appalachian State Blog: App Trail Outdoors Carolina Panthers Dash baseball Pro Sports Golf Columnists Calendar Blogs Entertainment Relish Events Contests Music Dining & Drinks The Arts Tim Clodfelter Calendar Purchase Event Tickets Special Sections Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Join our Panel Living Food Food: Michael Hastings Recipe Search Home & Garden Gardening: Amy Dixon The Coupon Corner Blog: Dishing It Out Blog: Veggin Out Advice Blogs Winston-Salem Monthly Spark Magazine Carolina Weddings Special Sections Calendar Community Community Milestones Submit community milestone Scene and Heard Celebrations Submit a Celebration Religion Calendar Submit to religion calendar Calendar Databases 2017 Summer Camp Database Winston-Salem Parent Magazine Photo Galleries Request Photos Reader Photos Submit Photos Video Journal West Rockwell Collins reserves judgment on potential laptop ban on trans-Atlantic flights By Richard Craver Winston-Salem Journal rcraver May 19, 2017 (…) Rockwell Collins wants to expand its global presence in most areas of aircraft infrastructure. But one area where the company is reserving judgment is with how passengers connect via electronics with the internet and digital media while on board. Wednesday’s end of talks — at least for now — of a U.S. ban on laptops and tablets in flights from Europe gives Rockwell a little breathing room with its airline carrier customers. There are plans for more talks and better intelligence sharing between the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and European Union officials. The potential move by the Trump administration would represent an expansion of a ban established in March on 50 flights into the U.S., primarily from the Middle East. Emirates, the Middle East’s largest airline, said the ban had a direct impact on demand for air travel into the U.S., and it faced rising costs from introducing complimentary laptop loans to some passengers. The laptop and tablet ban talks are timely to Rockwell as it attempts to land new or expanded contracts with airplane manufacturers and carriers via its $8.6 billion purchase of B/E Aerospace Inc., which had its largest U.S. operations in Winston-Salem with about 1,600 employees. For example, the company announced Wednesday it had made the first customer delivery of a Boeing 737 MAX. Boeing already has more than 3,700 orders. The airplane not only features Rockwell’s 15.1-inch landscape flight displays and flight controls as standard, but also legacy B/E galley and lavatory complex, lavatory, interior lighting and passenger oxygen systems. Kelly Ortberg, Rockwell’s chairman, chief executive and president, said during Wednesday’s local media day that some of its 20 largest domestic and international airline carriers remain committed to embedding internet connectivity in their aircraft and charging passengers for access as a revenue source. American Airlines charges $12 for WiFi access per domestic flight, a $49 monthly fee for frequent fliers and a per-flight rate for international passengers. Ortberg and Werner Lieberherr, chief operating officer of Rockwell’s Interior Systems division, said they believe the industry eventually is headed to a bring-your-own-device environment. “We think the laptop ban will get resolved with new security measures in place,” Ortberg said. “We believe more airlines will decide to invest more into wireless connectivity.” Ortberg stressed that Rockwell remains “agnostic” when it comes to embedded wired connectivity equipment rather than choosing a preferred vendor and recommending it to airline carriers. The International Air Transport Association, which represents 265 airlines, said expanding the ban would affect nearly 400 trans-Atlantic flights and an estimated 65 million passengers. The trade said the equivalent of $1.1 billion would be lost from an inability of business people to work during their flight. Alexandre de Juniac, the association’s director general and chief executive, has expressed his concern that the U.S. and U.K. governments discussed the laptop and tablet ban without consulting the industry. “The learnings from this are many — governments need to share information, they need to consult with industry, and they need to support the International Civil Aviation Organization as it develops a global aviation security plan.” The association also addressed the safety issue of storing electronics with lithium batteries in the cargo area. There are examples of lithium batteries catching fire. “Safety concerns over concentrations of lithium batteries in the aircraft hold have not been adequately considered or addressed,” the association said. rcraver@wsjournal.com 336-727-7376 @rcraverWSJ The Associated Press contributed to this article Tags Internet Airlines Laptops Rockwell Collins Kelly Ortberg Commerce Economics Industry Passenger Company Laptop Airline Flight rcraver Follow rcraver Close Get email notifications on rcraver daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever rcraver posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow rcraver Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Popular This Week Police search for 22-year-old missing from Winston-Salem Medical examiner rules WSSU student took her own life Man seriously hurt in hit-and-run on Hanes Mall outer loop Sheetz to open two new stores in Winston-Salem this year Police identify pedestrian seriously injured after being struck by a vehicle on Peters Creek Parkway Snakebite victims trickling into local hospitals, but Forsyth escapes uptick seen elsewhere in NC WATCH: King man's video catches multiple sharks near shoreline; Marine scientist: It's not uncommon Winston-Salem man dies after delivery truck crashes through bridge guardrail and onto highway Going out of business sales at Gander Mountain, but Triad stores aren't closing, new owner still says Winston-Salem lawyer gets probation for failing to pay taxes More Special Sections Special Sections Celebrating Nurses Sections Home News Crime Business Opinion Home & Food Entertainment Community Calendar Sports Photos & Videos Weather Services Contact Us Calendar Advertise Subscription Services Jobs at the Winston-Salem Journal Place An Ad Contact Information journalnow.com 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Phone: 336-727-7211 Email: content@journalnow.com Winston-Salem Journal, Winston-Salem, NC ©2017 BH Media Group, Inc. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Nicaragua says Russian satellite station 'not for spying' Indian-American jailed for USD 33 million fraud in US Business Standard Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe AP  |  Toronto  May 19, 2017 Last Updated at 07:28 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVkug1 ALSO READ Boeing wants dumping probe against Canada's Bombardier Canada introduces legislation to legalise marijuana Leftist party urges Canada to scrap refugee deal with US Canada's Trudeau arrives in Washington to meet with Trump US launches investigation into Canadian aircraft imports Canada's government has warned it could cancel a planned USD 2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co because of US Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland yesterday issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington yesterday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the US market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the US and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested USD 1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the US and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Government | Canada | Petition | Washington | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe Canada's government has warned it could cancel a planned USD 2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co because of US Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland yesterday issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington yesterday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the US market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid ... Canada's government has warned it could cancel a planned USD 2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co because of US Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland yesterday issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington yesterday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the US market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the US and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested USD 1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the US and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe Canada's government has warned it could cancel a planned USD 2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co because of US Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland yesterday issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington yesterday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the US market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the US and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested USD 1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the US and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News World News Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe Shares1 Fri, 19 May 2017-07:26am , PTI Canada's government has warned it could cancel a planned USD 2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co because of US Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland yesterday issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington yesterday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the US market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the US and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the US Commerce Department and the US International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than USD 3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested USD 1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a USD 275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from US-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the US and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Water crisis complaints on the rise, but MLAs fail to raise voice   Comments   Also Read World Abandoned by fellow Republicans, President Donald Trump looks increasingly isolated World Vote counting starts after massive turnout in Iran election World Three in critical condition after car plows through Times Square in New York World Ex-US Congressman Weiner pleads guilty in teen 'sexting' case World North Korea: US has to roll back 'hostile policy' before talks World Assange ready to talk to UK and US after Sweden drops rape case < Previous ArticleNext Article > Water crisis complaints on the rise, but MLAs fail to raise voice Related Bombardier rejects Chinese offer for railway unit: Documents Video EXCLUSIVE! Meri Pyaari Bindu | Parineeti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana play Heads Up! with DNA WATCH| World's first drone jump: Latvian skydiver takes drone 1,082 feet into the air before diving WATCH | Silk Road Summit: Putin plays anthems of Russia's capitals on piano at China Premier Xi's residence View all Tags Bombardier Canada Chrystia Freeland Delta Air Lines Brazil Congress Embraer Lockheed Martin Washington World Trade Organization Boeing Co US Commerce Department Canadian US Department of Commerce US International Trade Commission Super Hornet Bombardier CSeries Delta Air Free Trade Agreement US Department SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Industrial activities pose threat to Sundarbans: IUCN report Don't get over excited about ICJ order on Jadhav: Sena to govt Musharraf calls Jadhav bigger 'criminal' than Kasab NIA action against Hurriyat a first in 25 years- Centre Iran: Rouhani leads initial count; over 70 percent turnout Sport Indian eves whitewashed by New Zealand in hockey series Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Saturday, May 20 Indian Men's team wins gold in compound event at Archery World Cup Compound archers claim men's team gold at World Cup Stage I Rugby-Umaga sings the Blues after damaging Stormers defeat Entertainment We'll see Dwayne Johnson on potential 2020 Presidential Run Tiger Shroff just shared the FIRST LOOK of Sylvester Stallone's 'Rambo' remake, CHECK PIC! 'Original' Rambo Stallone wishes luck to makers of 'Indian' Rambo Here's how original 'Rambo' Sylvester Stallone REACTED on knowing about Indian remake of the film! CHECK PIC: It's a boy for Lisa Haydon! Money Prices of most commodities fall in the foodgrains market Theme park visit to attract 28% GST, animal slaughtering, vet U.S. trade rep Lighthizer says Japan agrees on fighting trade barriers Maharashtra Legislature special session on GST from today Fiat Chrysler to modify 104,000 U.S. diesel vehicles -company Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Monika Donimirska SES-15 on orbit, Arianespace celebrates 79th successful launch in a row The article from SpaceFlights.NEWS Arianespace is getting close to new record: 100 successful launches in a row performed by one organization. Thanks to Russian Soyuz rocket Company delivered today to orbit SES-15 communications satellite. With the codename VS17 Arianespace signed launch of Russian Soyuz-2.1b rocket from Guiana Space Center with first SES satellite with electric propulsion. This step is important on the way of SES to improve their fleet of communication satellites. SES-15 was contracted and built by Boeing with utilization of reliable and proven Boeing 702SP satellite bus with 15 years operational life. Launch took place from ELS launch site at Guiana Space Center punctually at 11:54 UTC. Rocket performed extremely well and after sixteen minutes Fregat upper stage separated from the core of the rocket and begun its journey to GTO orbit. After nine minutes of burn Fregat entered into ballistic phase of the flight on 31500 km orbit for 4’34” to reach specific point of deployment of the satellite. Short burn lasting only five minutes was performed successfully and at 17:14 UTC SES-15 satellite was deployed. Spacecraft sent first report of its good condition and confirmed that it was deployed correctly. After first tests it will be moved to GEO orbit, to 129° West orbital slot. Weighing 2400 kg satellite is powered with solar arrays and onboard batteries. Thanks to its four XIPS electric thrusters it can change orbital position multiple times using only small percent of propellant comparing to chemical propulsion. Satellite will operate on Ku and Ka band covering with its range North America providing communications services,  VSAT network services, government data transfer and helping in maritime monitoring. Secondary payload will help in augmentation process of GPS navigation system. Read more at SES-15 on orbit, Arianespace celebrates 79th successful launch in a row CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsArianespace, Guiana Space Center, SES, SES-15, Soyuz-2.1b, VS17 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Switchgear Market Worth 144.41 Billion USD and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Explore the Growth Trends in Thermal Imaging Market by Component & Application – 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us כ"ג אייר תשע"ז  -  ל״ח בעומר   |   Thursday, May 18, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Business Briefs – May 18, 2017 Business Briefs – May 18, 2017 Thursday, May 18, 2017 at 9:15 pm | כ"ב אייר תשע"ז Canada Warns It May Cancel US Jet Buy Over Bombardier Probe TORONTO (AP) – Canada’s government is warning it could cancel a planned purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of U.S. Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland issued the threat in a statement Thursday. She says the government is “reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing.” Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington on Thursday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier’s new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland says Boeing’s petition is “clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier’s new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the U.S. market.” She says the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department’s decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. Treasury Chief Says U.S. Can Achieve 3 Percent Economic Growth WASHINGTON (AP) – Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says a goal of 3 percent economic growth is achievable if the United States makes historic changes in taxes and regulation. Mnuchin was testifying before the Senate Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee — his first appearance before that committee since being sworn in. He says 100 people at his department are working on overhauling the tax system — and the Trump administration’s goal is to bring “meaningful relief” to the middle class and makes American businesses competitive. Print Email Gmail Related Bombardier CSeries Jet Has First Test Flight Business Briefs – April 20, 2017 Business Briefs – March 30, 2017 Business Briefs – January 29, 2017 Business Briefs – February 19, 2017 More in Business Rally Powers Rebound in U.S. Stocks a Day After Slump Breaking Up Big Banks Would Be ‘Huge Mistake,’ Mnuchin Says Wal-Mart Sees Online Sales Surge, More Shoppers at Stores Toyota, Three Other Automakers Settle Suit Over Takata Air Bags Treasury Chief Says U.S. Can Achieve 3 Percent Economic Growth OP-ED He Who Sustains the Bear When the Innocent Plead Guilty The Laptop Ban Continues Its Mysterious Run The Homecoming of Oscar Lopez Rivera Lessons From A Massive Ransomware Attack Misrepresenting Israel POTUS and the Piñata Not or Knot? A Political Ax Murder The Birth of American Nationalism The Friend of My Enemy Defining the Terrorist Threat A Sinkhole Sounds a Nuclear Warning Even as It Takes Shape, Trumpcare’s a Sure Bet to Beat Obamacare Features The Connection Between Behar and Bechukosai Celery Man Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav This Day In History 23 Iyar/May 19 Worth-y Trio Sudoku – May 19, 2017 Nichum Aveilim 23 Iyar/May 19 Editorial Cartoon – May 19, 2017 This Day In History 22 Iyar/May 18 Nichum Aveilim 22 Iyar/May 18 Going Dutch When It Comes to Vitamin Supplements, More Isn’t Always Better Gluten-Free Diets Don’t Help Heart Health, Might Harm It Editorial Cartoon – May 18, 2017 Weather » Brooklyn 87°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,055.13 +43.89 (+0.73%) S&P 500 2,365.72 +8.69 (+0.37%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9008 GBP 0.7728 ILS 3.5929 CHF 0.9801 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE News notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home india world sports weird FOR YOU Trending Indian Army Wants To Have Its Own 'Air Force' With Heavy-Duty Attack Helicopters Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > News > india Indian Army Wants To Have Its Own 'Air Force' With Heavy-Duty Attack Helicopters Rajat Pandit May 20, 2017 The Army has now strongly revived its old quest for a "mini air force" of its own, in a move that has been bitterly opposed by the IAF in the past. toi/representational image The force wants three squadrons of heavy-duty attack helicopters, among other choppers, for its three primary "strike" corps geared for rapid armoured thrusts into enemy territory. For starters, the 1.3-million strong Army is seeking the government's approval for the acquisition of 11 Apache attack helicopters from the US as "a follow-on contract" to the earlier Rs 13,952 crore deal inked for 22 such choppers for the IAF. "The procurement proposal is likely to be considered by the defence acquisitions council (DAC) in its meeting to be chaired by defence minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday," said a defence ministry source. toi/representational image The Army is in a hurry because the "50% repeat order option", with the same terms and conditions, can be exercised only till September 28 since the original contract was inked on that date in 2015. One part of that "hybrid" deal had been inked with Boeing for the choppers, while the other for its weapons, radars and electronic warfare suites was signed with the US government. Apart from the 22 Apaches to be delivered to IAF from July 2019 onwards, the contract also involves acquisition of 812 AGM-114L-3 Hellfire Longbow missiles, 542 AGM-114R-3 Hellfire-II missiles, 245 Stinger Block I-92H missiles and 12 AN/APG-78 fire-control radars. Even during the procurement process for the 22 Apaches, the Army had demanded their "ownership and control" because helicopter gunships are used as the "air manoeuvre arm" of ground forces to target enemy infantry and tanks the world over. afp/representational image The Army believes it should have "full command and control" over "tactical air assets" for rapid deployment along with its strike corps, while the IAF should concentrate on its "larger strategic role". Don't Miss A Gujarati Boy From African Tribe Is Ready To Win Medals For India In International Judo Events Indian Colts Slay It Ahead Of U-17 Football World Cup, Make Italy Bite The Dust In Phenomenal... In A First, Kerala Makes Sanitary Napkin Vending Machines Mandatory In All Schools 22.7K SHARES Another Progressive Step Towards A Better India, Kerala To Host Its First Transgender Pageant 16.9K SHARES 'Don't Hang Jadhav Now, Allow Consular Access To Him', ICJ Verdict Hands India Major... 19.6K SHARES The IAF, in turn, had contended it should retain all attack and medium-lift helicopters because it would be "very expensive" if the Army duplicated efforts and resources by getting its own "little air force". The then UPA government had ruled that the first 22 Apaches would go to IAF to add to its two existing, but ageing, squadrons of Russian-origin Mi-25/35 attack helicopters. But it also held "future" procurements of attack helicopters would be for the Army, granting "in principle approval" to its case for raising three squadrons (13 choppers each) for the strike formations - 1 Corps (Mathura), 2 Corps (Ambala) and 21 Corps (Bhopal). ap/representational image "Army Aviation Corps, raised in 1986, has over 250 Chetak/Cheetah light choppers and Dhruv advanced light helicopters. It should also get attack helicopters now since their control by IAF is a sub-optimal arrangement," said a senior officer. The Army's long-term plans include three helicopter squadrons (armed/attack, reconnaissance and tactical lift) each for all its 14 corps as well as "a flight" of five fixed-wing aircraft each for its six regional or operational commands. Originally Published In The Times Of India PROMOTED STORIES Kiwi Report Jenna Jameson's Net Worth Has Left Us Without Words Tomorrowoman What Elizabeth Montgomery From 'Bewitched' Looked Like Bef.. Soldiers: Free Online Game If you own a computer you must try this game Vikings: Free Online Game If you own a computer you must try this game... Livingly The Most Daring Dresses on the Cannes Red Carpet Consumer Daily Ads Newer Than Cell Phones, New Jersey Landlines Get Replaced .. just in india Father Of Blogger Who Was Killed In Maldives Seeks Indian Govt's Help To Fight Radicals Partner 5.3K SHARES Yummy Cold Brew Flavours That Are A Global Rage This Summer india 23-YO Kerala Law Student Chops Off Genitals Of 'Godman' Who Sexually Abused Her For Eight Years Driver Weekly 20 Odd American Cars | #4 Is Just Embarrassing Partner 2.3K SHARES Selfie Decode: Your Personal Selfie Style Can Reveal A Lot About Your Personality india 128 SHARES 14,000 Pilgrims Stranded In Uttarakhand As Massive Landslide Blocks Badrinath Highway india 1.7K SHARES These Delhi Youngsters Are Taking Care Of Sick Strays In North Campus By Building Dog Shelters india 725 SHARES After The Rohtak Case Another Stepfather Allegedly Has Raped His Daughter, This Time In Delhi News 161 SHARES Haryana School Students Protest, ISRO's Next Big Launch And Other Must Read Stories Activly 15 Pancreatic Cancer Symptoms Not to Leave Unchecked   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE celebscoop These 11 Pictures Of Deepika Padukone Rocking The Cannes Red Carpet On Day 2 Define Perfection Isha Sharma 33.9K SHARES celebscoop Veteran Actress And Bollywood's Most Loved Mom Reema Lagoo Passes Away At The Age Of 59 Isha Sharma 45.4K SHARES celebscoop Reema Lagoo's Onscreen Daughter Renuka Shahane Writes The Most Heartfelt Tribute For Her On FB Isha Sharma 41.3K SHARES Ad 10 Television Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood CRITICSUNION Sports Virat Kohli Has A New Fan And It's Jonty Rhodes' Little Daughter India Somak Adhikari 36.3K SHARES india 17-Year-Old Kills Two Men Living Across Delhi In One Night Who Used To Trouble His Sister Pankhuri Yadav 18.6K SHARES celebscoop Reema Lagoo, Who Passed Away Early Morning Was Shooting For 'Naamkarann' Till 7 PM Yesterday Isha Sharma 17.9K SHARES Ad In conversation with Vivek Wadhwa State Farm Insurance india Bengaluru Police Is Roasting The Hell Out Of People On Twitter With Their Savage Tweets On... Shewali Tiwari 17.1K SHARES Entertainment Ssumier Pasricha AKA Pammi Aunty Urges PM Modi To Break His Silence On The Issue Of Rape! Garima Satija 22.2K SHARES celebscoop Flashback Friday! Akshay Kumar's Fan Shares Letter From The Actor Which He Wrote To Her In 1995 Saloni Singh 15K SHARES Ad Help save 3-year-old Mervin from Brain Cancer Milaap OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Defence LATEST NEWS At a White House in crisis, Donald Trump looks increasingly isolated Your phone bill and the cost of buying a new phone goes up from July. Find out how View: Possibility of Modi's second innings looms large Looming floods, threatened cities: How changes in Antarctica would affect the world You will have to shell out more for banking transactions from July Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy Modi sarkar@3AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt ET Home›News›Defence 04:05 PM | 19 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,46530.13 NIFTY 50 9,428-1.55 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,648-57.0 USD/INR 64.64-0.21 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Army demands its own 'Mini Air Force' to target enemy infantry and tanks By Rajat Pandit , TNN | May 20, 2017, 10.47 AM IST Post a Comment For starters, the 1.3-million strong Army is seeking the government's approval for acquisition of 11 Apache attack helicopters from the US as "a follow-on contract". Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You NEW DELHI: The Army has now strongly revived its old quest for a "mini air force" of its own, in a move that has been bitterly opposed by the IAF in the past. The force wants three squadrons of heavy-duty attack helicopters, among other choppers, for its three primary "strike" corps geared for rapid armoured thrusts into enemy territory. For starters, the 1.3-million strong Army is seeking the government's approval for acquisition of 11 Apache attack helicopters from the US as "a follow-on contract" to the earlier Rs 13,952 crore deal inked for 22 such choppers for the IAF. "The procurement proposal is likely to be considered by the defence acquisitions council (DAC) in its meeting to be chaired by defence minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday," said a defence ministry source. The Army is in a hurry because the "50% repeat order option", with the same terms and conditions, can be exercised only till September 28 since the original contract was inked on that date in 2015. One part of that "hybrid" deal had been inked with Boeing for the choppers, while the other for its weapons, radars and electronic warfare suites was signed with the US government. Apart from the 22 Apaches to be delivered to IAF from July 2019 onwards, the contract also involves acquisition of 812 AGM-114L-3 Hellfire Longbow missiles, 542 AGM-114R-3 Hellfire-II missiles, 245 Stinger Block I-92H missiles and 12 AN/APG-78 fire-control radars. Even during the procurement process for the 22 Apaches, the Army had demanded their "ownership and control" because helicopter gunships are used as the "air manoeuvre arm" of ground forces to target enemy infantry and tanks the world over. The IAF, in turn, had contended it should retain all attack and medium-lift helicopters because it would be "very expensive" if the Army duplicated efforts and resources by getting its own "little air force". The then UPA government had ruled that the first 22 Apaches would go to IAF to add to its two existing, but ageing, squadrons of Russian-origin Mi-25/35 attack helicopters. But it also held "future" procurements of attack helicopters would be for the Army, granting "in principle approval" to its case for raising three squadrons (13 choppers each) for the strike formations - 1 Corps (Mathura), 2 Corps (Ambala) and 21 Corps (Bhopal). "Army Aviation Corps, raised in 1986, has over 250 Chetak/Cheetah light choppers and Dhruv advanced light helicopters. It should also get attack helicopters now since their control by IAF is a sub-optimal arrangement," said a senior officer. The Army's long-term plans include three helicopter squadrons (armed/attack, reconnaissance and tactical lift) each for all its 14 corps as well as "a flight" of five fixed-wing aircraft each for its six regional or operational commands. (This article was originally published in The Times of India) Comments(0)Add Comments Army demands its own 'Mini Air Force' to target enemy infantry and tanks To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Pakistan army contacts Indian army over safety of census workers Investigating video showing youth tied to army jeep: Army India, Sri Lanka hold army-to-army talks Army ready to counter ceasefire violations: Jaitley Army vows unprecedented retribution for the killing of Kashmiri officer READ MORE ONBoeingArun JaitleyArmy Aviation CorpsArmyambalaAir IndiaAir Force Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Check Out Unbelievable List of Safest 2017 Minivans Minivans - Sponsored Ads Rethinking Brick-and-Mortar Roles in an Omnichannel Experi.. UPS Bal Harbour Shops Has Some Of The Worlds' Most Rare and St.. Bal HarbourMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Army concerned over demand to remove post in Handwara Chinese fighter flies inverted over US Air Force jet Chinese fighter flies inverted over US Air Force jet From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Learn Lung Cancer Treatment Info. Search Lung Cancer Here Lung Cancer Info - Sponsored Ads If you own a computer you must try this game Soldiers: Free Online Game Find Out Why the Gerber Life Grow-Up® Plan is So Well Lov.. Gerber Life Insurance Company The Most Daring Dresses on the Cannes Red Carpet Livingly Modi greets nation on Air Force Day CISF plan: Stop enemy far from airport gates Lok Sabha passes bill to amend Enemy Property Act Bill to amend Enemy Property Act introduced in Parl Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented A quick guide to India GST rates in 2017 Goods done, GST Council seals tax rate on services Kulbhushan Jadhav hearing and how the ICJ still remains a potent system to solve inter-state disputes GST rate for services: Arun Jaitley gives you all the details Pakistan reels from widespread domestic outrage over loss of face at ICJ in Jadhav case More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebMI vs KKR|Half Girlfriend Review RERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Xconomy Xperience EXOME National Regions Channels Events Xconomy Awards • Enter Now → EXOME all the information, none of the junk | biotech • healthcare • life sciences Want EXOME sent to you daily? Meet the Contributors → Could Seattle’s Life Science Expertise Support Clean Meat Industry? Benjamin Romano May 18th, 2017 @bromano @xconomy Like Us Xconomy Seattle —  The Pacific Northwest has the ingredients and the recipes for innovation in animal-free meats and proteins—but entrepreneurs and investors here have yet to don the chef’s toque. An event at the University of Washington’s CoMotion innovation transfer arm on Monday seeks to gauge interest among would-be innovators in the clean meat and plant-based protein. Advocates have touted the growing industry’s myriad benefits for human and animal health and well being. Co-sponsored by advocacy group the Good Food Institute, the evening panel discussion will help CoMotion determine whether food innovation should be an area of emphasis, alongside its more mature efforts to support startup companies in industries such as virtual and augmented reality, life sciences and medical devices, and software and IT. CoMotion sees its role here as convening the community and exposing interested people to experts in the field, says Elizabeth Scallon, associate director of CoMotion Labs. “We think there’s a lot of potential social impact that can come from this, as well as economic development for our region,” she says. The question is whether entrepreneurs will respond. “What is the appetite in our community here in Seattle to dive into this nascent industry?” Scallon says. “And at that point we could re-evaluate what services and what effort we could put behind it.” Christie Lagally is a senior scientist with the Good Food Institute, a Washington, D.C., nonprofit that promotes a shift away from animal agriculture—factory farming in particular—and toward clean meat and plant-based proteins through policy advocacy, market development, and entrepreneurship support. Lagally, a former Boeing engineer, is based in Seattle and joins Hampton Creek Foods co-founder Josh Balk, New Crop Capital partner Chris Kerr, and Amy Webster of the Forward Food Program at the event Monday. Lagally is well-versed in the necessary ingredients for innovation in clean meat and plant-based meats. She says Seattle, and Washington state more broadly, have them in spades. For clean meat, which is animal tissue grown outside of an animal, the requisite skills include cell biology, tissue engineering, tissue culturing. University of Washington’s School of Medicine and Bioengineering Department are a source of people with these skills, Lagally notes. But the region has another important strength: manufacturing and scale-up expertise. She cites companies such as Boeing and its suppliers, as well as Amazon, with its network of enormous fulfillment centers. “What we’re looking for in the food industry, as opposed to previous applications of bioengineering or biomedical research, is volume,” Lagally says. Good Food Institute senior scientist Christie Lagally, with her dog, Toby. To manufacture clean meat or plant-based proteins at a volume sufficient to get noticed in the enormous food industry, innovators will have to combine manufacturing-at-scale—with a heavy automation component, no doubt—with the wet work of tissue engineering. The San Francisco Bay Area has this expertise, too, and has parlayed it into a growing, well-funded cluster of startups developing and marketing clean meat and plant-based proteins. Washington, however, has something the Bay Area doesn’t, Lagally says. The state is a major producer of pulses—dry beans, dry peas, lentils, and chickpeas—which are key ingredients in plant-based protein products. Washington is the national leader in chickpea production and farmers here are expected to plant 150,000 acres of chickpeas, up 39 percent from last year, as people seek out hummus and other food products made from pulses for their nutritional benefits, according to National Agricultural Statistics Services data provided by the USA Dry Pea and Lentil Council. All that said, Lagally can point to only one example of a local company innovating in this industry—and it’s been doing it for 20 years. The Field Roast Grain Meat Company was founded in Seattle in 1997 by brothers David and Richard Lee, starting with three varieties of vegetarian grain “meat” loaves. The company’s meat-free Frankfurters made their debut at Safeco Field, home of the Seattle Mariners, in 2011, and can now be found in ballparks around the country. This baseball season, Safeco began selling another alternative to traditional meat protein: Oaxacan chapulines—fried grasshoppers from Seattle Mexican restaurant Poquitos—and they’ve been a hit. The willingness of eaters here to experiment is perhaps another reason this could be a receptive market for meat-free food innovations—or an indication that Seattle sports fans are willing to try anything to distract themselves from what’s happening on the diamond. Benjamin Romano is editor of Xconomy Seattle. Email him at bromano [at] xconomy.com. Follow @bromano Share on Facebook Share on Twitter LinkedIn Email Reprints More from EXOME WA Life Sciences Industry Faces Future of Diminished State Support Seattle’s Life Science Disruptors Take The Stage on May 2 Don’t Miss Your Chance to Save on Seattle’s Life Science Disruptors Trending on Xconomy Bio Leaders Mourn Passing of Genzyme Exec, Orphan Drug Innovator Termeer Stifling Immigration Is “Retrograde”: Highlights From “What’s Hot” Cord Cutting: How to Get High-Speed Internet Service Without Cable X NY Biotech Seizes the Momentum Find out what needs to be done to maximize the biotech momentum on May 31! May 31, 2017 Register now! Underwriters and Partners From Our Advertisers Silatronix: Commercializing innovative battery technology Company taps Wisconsin resources, talent and industry giants Wisconsin Economic Development Corporation The Feed Tweets from https://twitter.com/Xconomy/lists/lifesci Home Privacy/DMCA Security Disclosures About Contact Us Archives Advertise Subscribe for Free Business, life sciences, and technology news — covering Boston, Seattle, San Diego, Detroit/Ann Arbor, San Francisco, New York, Raleigh-Durham, Boulder/Denver, Texas, Wisconsin, Indiana, and beyond. © 2007-2017, Xconomy, Inc. Xconomy is a registered service mark of Xconomy, Inc. All rights reserved. Website development support from Andrew Koyfman with design support from Rob Hunter.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News 141 killed in south Libya airbase attack Iraqi officials: Car bombings in Baghdad kill 11 people Business Standard Canada to be 'firm' in trade conflicts with US: Trudeau AFP  |  Ottawa  May 20, 2017 Last Updated at 02:57 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVlORo ALSO READ Canada wants to keep free trade with US: PM Trudeau Canada reprisals over lumber tariffs 'inappropriate': US Boeing wants dumping probe against Canada's Bombardier EU Parliament votes on contested Canada trade deal US will aggressively enforce trade rules: Ross Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has vowed a "firm" and unwavering defence of Canadian interests in the face of US trade attacks. "We're going to continue to work very, very hard to defend Canada's interests," he said yesterday. In late April, the United States imposed a duty on timber imported from Canada and threatened similar sanctions on Canadian dairy products. Then on Thursday, the US Department of Commerce launched an investigation at the request of aerospace manufacturer Boeing into alleged dumping of aircraft built by its Canadian rival Bombardier, with Canadian government financial support, into the US market. On all of these issues, "we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand up for Canadian interests," Trudeau said. "On the issue of aeronautics, we will always defend Canada's companies... And Canada's workers." On Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland threatened to cancel Ottawa's purchase of Boeing fighter jets if the US did not back off its attacks on Bombardier. The same day, the US government formally launched the process to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. US President Donald Trump has assailed the continental trade pact as "the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere." NAFTA negotiations between Canada, Mexico and the United States are to formally start in August after a 90-day consultation process. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Canada | Free Trade | Government | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Canada to be 'firm' in trade conflicts with US: Trudeau Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has vowed a "firm" and unwavering defence of Canadian interests in the face of US trade attacks. "We're going to continue to work very, very hard to defend Canada's interests," he said yesterday. In late April, the United States imposed a duty on timber imported from Canada and threatened similar sanctions on Canadian dairy products. Then on Thursday, the US Department of Commerce launched an investigation at the request of aerospace manufacturer Boeing into alleged dumping of aircraft built by its Canadian rival Bombardier, with Canadian government financial support, into the US market. On all of these issues, "we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand up for Canadian interests," Trudeau said. "On the issue of aeronautics, we will always defend Canada's companies... And Canada's workers." On Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland threatened to cancel Ottawa's purchase of Boeing fighter jets if the US did not back off its attacks ... Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has vowed a "firm" and unwavering defence of Canadian interests in the face of US trade attacks. "We're going to continue to work very, very hard to defend Canada's interests," he said yesterday. In late April, the United States imposed a duty on timber imported from Canada and threatened similar sanctions on Canadian dairy products. Then on Thursday, the US Department of Commerce launched an investigation at the request of aerospace manufacturer Boeing into alleged dumping of aircraft built by its Canadian rival Bombardier, with Canadian government financial support, into the US market. On all of these issues, "we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand up for Canadian interests," Trudeau said. "On the issue of aeronautics, we will always defend Canada's companies... And Canada's workers." On Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland threatened to cancel Ottawa's purchase of Boeing fighter jets if the US did not back off its attacks on Bombardier. The same day, the US government formally launched the process to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. US President Donald Trump has assailed the continental trade pact as "the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere." NAFTA negotiations between Canada, Mexico and the United States are to formally start in August after a 90-day consultation process. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Canada to be 'firm' in trade conflicts with US: Trudeau Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has vowed a "firm" and unwavering defence of Canadian interests in the face of US trade attacks. "We're going to continue to work very, very hard to defend Canada's interests," he said yesterday. In late April, the United States imposed a duty on timber imported from Canada and threatened similar sanctions on Canadian dairy products. Then on Thursday, the US Department of Commerce launched an investigation at the request of aerospace manufacturer Boeing into alleged dumping of aircraft built by its Canadian rival Bombardier, with Canadian government financial support, into the US market. On all of these issues, "we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand up for Canadian interests," Trudeau said. "On the issue of aeronautics, we will always defend Canada's companies... And Canada's workers." On Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland threatened to cancel Ottawa's purchase of Boeing fighter jets if the US did not back off its attacks on Bombardier. The same day, the US government formally launched the process to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. US President Donald Trump has assailed the continental trade pact as "the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere." NAFTA negotiations between Canada, Mexico and the United States are to formally start in August after a 90-day consultation process. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AFP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Technology Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Technology Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Technology Log In Subscribe Traffic Expect lane closures on Interstate 90 until 5 a.m. Monday. Agriculture Business Food & Drink Technology Food engineers plan meet-up for meat alternatives Originally published May 19, 2017 at 11:03 am Updated May 19, 2017 at 2:32 pm Christie Lagally, a former Boeing engineer, is trying to rally Seattle entrepreneurs to get involved in the food technology industry. (Courtesy of Good Food Institute) Lab-grown meat, called “clean meat” by its advocates, is one focus of a gathering that aims to encourage food technology innovation in the Seattle area. Plant-based meat alternatives are another focus. Share story By Rachel Lerman Seattle Times business reporter The word “meat” conjures up an image of beef, or maybe chicken, or perhaps duck if you’re feeling a bit more adventurous. But what about the meat of a fruit, or meat of a topic? Seattle engineer Christie Lagally thinks the term applies more broadly, and her research with the Good Food Institute is out to prove that a shift away from animal meat will help everyone. The D.C.-based nonprofit is teaming up with University of Washington’s CoMotion center to host an event Monday about how entrepreneurs can get involved with food technology – and create “meat” alternatives. Lagally, a former mechanical engineer at Boeing, is now a Good Food senior scientist and is focused on plant-based meats and “clean,” or lab-grown meats. The institute helps launch companies that focus on new food technologies. Most Read Stories Seahawk Michael Bennett escalates criticism of ESPN's Stephen A. Smith Why the obituary for Eudocia Tomas Pulido didn’t tell the story of her life in slavery ‘Deadliest Catch’ star Sig Hansen arrested after alleged assault of Uber driver Chris Cornell, leading voice for Soundgarden and Seattle grunge, dies in suicide Dying mother-in-law’s newfound warmth presents dilemma | Dear CarolynUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. In San Francisco, Good Food helped fund Memphis Meats, which is growing meat in labs from the cellular level – animal meat, no slaughter required. The startup is developing the “world’s first chicken produced without the animal.” Realistic plant-based substitutes for meat are catching on as well. The internet sensation Impossible Burger is designed to smell and taste like meat. It even “bleeds” like a beef burger. Lagally, who is based in Seattle, points to San Francisco, New York, other places around the world where “sustainable food technology” is really taking off. But in Seattle, it hasn’t yet gotten big. She thinks the time is ripe. Washington state already has a huge talent pool of agricultural scientists and resources, as well as a booming community of entrepreneurs. “Washington state is actually a really prime location for food innovation, even more so than perhaps the rest of the country,” Lagally said. “…Here in Washington state, we are growing the proteins — the soybeans, the wheat, the chickpeas, the lentils, the white beans — all of the protein sources we need in order to make plant-based meat.” Lagally points to sustainability issues that come along with farming animals for meat, as well as the feed that animals eat, which she believes could be instead used to feed humans across the world. “Not to mention the huge benefit to human health,” she added. Lagally knows it can be a tough sell. People are attached to what they eat, and that’s why she wants there to be appetizing alternatives in the form of “clean meat” and plant-based meats. GFI and CoMotion are holding a panel discussion beginning at 5:30 p.m. Monday at CoMotion’s headquarters in the University District to discuss the emerging industry and how entrepreneurs can jump in the ring. Rachel Lerman: rlerman@seattletimes.com; on Twitter @rachelerman. View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Cloud storage ‘versioning’ protects against ransomware Previous Story Billion-dollar race is on to break 2-hour marathon mark Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport IPL Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home World Canada to be firm in trade conflicts with US: Trudeau By AFP  |   Published: 20th May 2017 04:43 AM  |   Last Updated: 20th May 2017 04:43 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email US President Donald Trump and canada Prime Minister Justin Trudeau (File | AP) OTTAWA: Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has vowed a "firm" and unwavering defence of Canadian interests in the face of US trade attacks. "We're going to continue to work very, very hard to defend Canada's interests," he said yesterday. In late April, the United States imposed a duty on timber imported from Canada and threatened similar sanctions on Canadian dairy products. Then on Thursday, the US Department of Commerce launched an investigation at the request of aerospace manufacturer Boeing into alleged dumping of aircraft built by its Canadian rival Bombardier, with Canadian government financial support, into the US market. On all of these issues, "we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand up for Canadian interests," Trudeau said. "On the issue of aeronautics, we will always defend Canada's companies... and Canada's workers." On Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland threatened to cancel Ottawa's purchase of Boeing fighter jets if the US did not back off its attacks on Bombardier. The same day, the US government formally launched the process to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. US President Donald Trump has assailed the continental trade pact as "the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere." NAFTA negotiations between Canada, Mexico and the United States are to formally start in August after a 90-day consultation process. O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Latest Iran President Hassan Rouhani leading in election Kerala: Woman cuts off man’s genitals ISI agent held in Rajasthan's Jaisalmer Five arrested in connection with Mathura jewellers’ murder UP: Four killed, 15 injured after bus catches fire Landslide on Rishikesh-Badrinath NH, 1500 feared stranded Two held with fake notes worth Rs 1.4 lakh in Shimla 141 killed in south Libya airbase attack Gallery Tamil Nadu Class X results out; girls outshine boys again Bollywood's best mother Reema Lagoo passes away at 59 arrow Videos Sargoshiyan becomes first Bollywood film to have premiere in Srinagar Visakhapatnam Railway Station cleanest in the country: Survey arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 6:38pm Sat 20 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Canada warns it may cancel US jet buy over Bombardier probe 10:45 AM Saturday May 20, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World TORONTO (AP) " Canada's government warned Thursday it could cancel a planned US$2 billion purchase of 18 Super Hornet fighter jets from Boeing Co. because of U.S. Department of Commerce anti-dumping investigations against Canadian plane maker Bombardier. Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland issued the threat in a statement about Boeing's complaint against Bombardier. "Canada is reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing," Freeland said. Boeing argued at a hearing in Washington on Thursday that duties should be imposed on Bombardier's new larger CSeries passenger aircraft, insisting it receives Canadian government subsidies that give it an advantage internationally. Freeland said Boeing's petition is "clearly aimed at blocking Bombardier's new aircraft, the CSeries aircraft, from entering the U.S. market." She said the government strongly disagrees with the Commerce Department's decision to initiate anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations. The threat comes amid increasing trade disputes between Canada and the U.S. and on the same day the Trump administration formally told Congress that it intends to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. Chicago-based Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Montreal-based Bombardier's CSeries aircraft. Boeing said Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed Bombardier to engage in "predatory pricing." Brazil has also launched a formal complaint to the World Trade Organization over Canadian subsidies to Bombardier. Sao Paolo-based Embraer is a fierce rival of Bombardier's. The Quebec government invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 percent stake in the CSeries last year. Canada's federal government also recently provided a US$275 million loan to Bombardier, which struggled to win orders for its new medium-size plane. But Bombardier won a 75-plane order for the CSeries from U.S.-based Delta Air Lines in 2016. Bombardier said its planes never competed with Boeing in the sale to Delta. The Canadian government said late last year it would enter into discussions with the U.S. and Boeing on buying 18 Super Hornet jet fighters from Boeing on an interim basis and hold an open competition to buy more planes over the next five years. Canada remains part of Lockheed Martin's F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Myrtle rust spreads in Taranaki A further three locations have been confirmed positive with the fungal pest. Hawke's Bay Today Sex crimes result in prison term Prison term for sex crime Bay of Plenty Times Rangataua Sports hit top form Defending champs Rangataua Sports send message to the Baywide Premier competition. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Smeg Racing Audi R8 survives Ferrari challenge to win in Taupo Simon Evans and Gene Rollinson prevail at Bruce McLaren Motorsport Park... Viva Weekend treat: Chocolate mousse cups recipe Try this tasty chocolate mousse recipe which is dense, yet delicate and smooth True Commercial Big Manukau City fringe site for sale A big freehold development site is for sale on the fringe of Manukau City. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf02 at 20 May 2017 19:00:28 Processing Time: 12ms
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Canada to be 'firm' in trade conflicts with US: Justin Trudeau US President Donald Trump and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau shaking hands during a meeting in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington, DC on Feb 13, 2017.PHOTO: AFP Published9 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4uiN Copy OTTAWA (AFP) - Prime Minister Justin Trudeau vowed a "firm" and unwavering defense of Canadian interests in the face of US trade attacks, he said Friday (May 19). "We're going to continue to work very, very hard to defend Canada's interests," he said. In late April, the United States imposed a duty on timber imported from Canada and threatened similar sanctions on Canadian dairy products. Then on Thursday, the US Department of Commerce launched an investigation at the request of aerospace manufacturer Boeing into alleged dumping of aircraft built by its Canadian rival Bombardier, with Canadian government financial support, into the US market. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up On all of these issues, "we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand up for Canadian interests," Trudeau said. "On the issue of aeronautics, we will always defend Canada's companies... and Canada's workers." On Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland threatened to cancel Ottawa's purchase of Boeing fighter jets if the US did not back off its attacks on Bombardier. The same day, the US government formally launched the process to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. US President Donald Trump has assailed the continental trade pact as "the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere." Nafta negotiations between Canada, Mexico and the United States are to formally start in August after a 90-day consultation process. Topics:  CANADA TRADE More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4uiN Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content lg_a125972_2017may15_300x200_td.jpg 5 reasons why the LG Signature OLED TV W is a game-changer Merck_A125676_20170501_300x200 Women are at higher risk for anaemia ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kulbhushan Jadhav Kapil Mishra Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Donald Trump News World News Canada to be 'firm' in trade conflicts with US: Trudeau Shares1 Sat, 20 May 2017-02:57am , PTI Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has vowed a "firm" and unwavering defence of Canadian interests in the face of US trade attacks. "We're going to continue to work very, very hard to defend Canada's interests," he said yesterday. In late April, the United States imposed a duty on timber imported from Canada and threatened similar sanctions on Canadian dairy products. Then on Thursday, the US Department of Commerce launched an investigation at the request of aerospace manufacturer Boeing into alleged dumping of aircraft built by its Canadian rival Bombardier, with Canadian government financial support, into the US market. On all of these issues, "we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand up for Canadian interests," Trudeau said. "On the issue of aeronautics, we will always defend Canada's companies... and Canada's workers." On Thursday, Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland threatened to cancel Ottawa's purchase of Boeing fighter jets if the US did not back off its attacks on Bombardier. The same day, the US government formally launched the process to renegotiate the North American Free Trade Agreement. US President Donald Trump has assailed the continental trade pact as "the worst trade deal maybe ever signed anywhere." NAFTA negotiations between Canada, Mexico and the United States are to formally start in August after a 90-day consultation process. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Abandoned by fellow Republicans, President Donald Trump looks increasingly isolated World Vote counting starts after massive turnout in Iran election World Three in critical condition after car plows through Times Square in New York World Ex-US Congressman Weiner pleads guilty in teen 'sexting' case World North Korea: US has to roll back 'hostile policy' before talks World Assange ready to talk to UK and US after Sweden drops rape case Related UN calls out Phillippines' war on drugs; terms killings as 'human rights calamity' Small plane from Canada crashes in New York, killing pilot Canada PM Justin Trudeau rejects defence minister's calls for resignation Video EXCLUSIVE! Meri Pyaari Bindu | Parineeti Chopra and Ayushmann Khurrana play Heads Up! with DNA WATCH| World's first drone jump: Latvian skydiver takes drone 1,082 feet into the air before diving WATCH | Silk Road Summit: Putin plays anthems of Russia's capitals on piano at China Premier Xi's residence View all Tags Canada Boeing Bombardier Chrystia Freeland Donald Trump Justin Trudeau United States Mexico Ottawa US Department of Commerce Canadian Free Trade Agreement Nafta US Department SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Iran: Rouhani leads initial count; over 70 percent turnout Trump says he will unite civilized world against terrorism Rouhani forges clear lead Iran presidential race, expected to win Kerala woman chops off man's genital to prevent rape bid Sharif, Trump likely to discuss tensions with India at Riyadh Summit Sport Indian eves whitewashed by New Zealand in hockey series Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Saturday, May 20 Indian Men's team wins gold in compound event at Archery World Cup Compound archers claim men's team gold at World Cup Stage I Rugby-Umaga sings the Blues after damaging Stormers defeat Entertainment We'll see Dwayne Johnson on potential 2020 Presidential Run Tiger Shroff just shared the FIRST LOOK of Sylvester Stallone's 'Rambo' remake, CHECK PIC! 'Original' Rambo Stallone wishes luck to makers of 'Indian' Rambo Here's how original 'Rambo' Sylvester Stallone REACTED on knowing about Indian remake of the film! CHECK PIC: It's a boy for Lisa Haydon! Money Prices of most commodities fall in the foodgrains market Theme park visit to attract 28% GST, animal slaughtering, vet U.S. trade rep Lighthizer says Japan agrees on fighting trade barriers Maharashtra Legislature special session on GST from today Fiat Chrysler to modify 104,000 U.S. diesel vehicles -company Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 20, 3:01 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Technology Mining The Moon For Rocket Fuel To Get Us To Mars By Gary Li AND Danielle DeLatte AND Jerome Gilleron AND Samuel Wald AND Therese Jones On 05/19/17 AT 5:00 PM Close Forty-five years have passed since humans last set foot on an extraterrestrial body. Now, the moon is back at the center of efforts not only to explore space, but to create a permanent, independent space-faring society. Planning expeditions to Earth’s nearest celestial neighbor is no longer just a NASA effort, though the U.S. space agency has plans for a moon-orbiting space station that would serve as a staging ground for Mars missions in the early 2030s. The United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing, is planning a lunar fueling station for spacecraft, capable of supporting 1,000 people living in space within 30 years. Billionaires Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos and Robert Bigelow all have companies aiming to deliver people or goods to the moon. Several teams competing for a share of Google’s US$30 million cash prize are planning to launch rovers to the moon. We and 27 other students from around the world recently participated in the 2017 Caltech Space Challenge, proposing designs of what a lunar launch and supply station for deep space missions might look like, and how it would work. The raw materials for rocket fuel Right now all space missions are based on, and launched from, Earth. But Earth’s gravitational pull is strong. To escape Earth’s gravity, a rocket has to be traveling 11 kilometers a second – 25,000 miles per hour! Any rocket leaving Earth has to carry all the fuel it will ever use to get to its destination and, if needed, back again. That fuel is heavy – and getting it moving at such high speeds takes a lot of energy. If we could refuel in orbit, that launch energy could lift more people or cargo or scientific equipment into orbit. Then the spacecraft could refuel in space, where Earth’s gravity is less powerful. The moon has one-sixth the gravity of Earth, which makes it an attractive alternative base. The moon also has ice, which we already know how to process into a hydrogen-oxygen propellant that we use in many modern rockets. Roving Luna NASA’s Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter and Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite missions have already found substantial amounts of ice in permanently shadowed craters on the moon. Those locations would be tricky to mine because they are colder and offer no sunlight to power roving vehicles. However, we could install big mirrors on the craters’ rims to illuminate solar panels in the permanently shadowed regions. Rovers from Google’s Lunar X Prize competition and NASA’s Lunar Resource Prospector, set to launch in 2020, would also contribute to finding good locations to mine ice. Imagining a moon base Depending on where the best ice reserves are, we might need to build several small robotic moon bases. Each one would mine ice, manufacture liquid propellant and transfer it to passing spacecraft. Our team developed plans to accomplish those tasks with three different types of rovers. Our plans also require a few small robotic shuttles to meet up with nearby deep-space mission vehicles in lunar orbit. One rover, which we call the Prospector, would explore the moon and find ice-bearing locations. A second rover, the Constructor, would follow along behind, building a launch pad and packing down roadways to ease movements for the third rover type, the Miners, which actually collect the ice and deliver it to nearby storage tanks and an electrolysis processing plant that splits water into hydrogen and oxygen. The Constructor would also build a landing pad where the small near-moon transport spacecraft we call Lunar Resupply Shuttles would arrive to collect fuel for delivery as newly launched spacecraft pass by the moon. The shuttles would burn moon-made fuel and would have advanced guidance and navigation systems to travel between lunar bases and their target spacecraft. A gas station in space When enough fuel is being produced, and the shuttle delivery system is tested and reliable, our plan calls for building a gas station in space. The shuttles would deliver ice directly to the orbiting fuel depot, where it would be processed into fuel and where rockets heading to Mars or elsewhere could dock to top up. The depot would have large solar arrays powering an electrolysis module for melting the ice and then turning the water into fuel, and large fuel tanks to store what’s made. NASA is already working on most of the technology needed for a depot like this, including docking and fuel transfer. We anticipate a working depot could be ready in the early 2030s, just in time for the first human missions to Mars. To be most useful and efficient, the depot should be located in a stable orbit relatively near both the Earth and the moon. The Earth-moon Lagrangian Point 1 (L1) is a point in space about 85 percent of the way from Earth to the moon, where the force of Earth’s gravity would exactly equal the force of the moon’s gravity pulling in the other direction. It’s the perfect pit stop for a spacecraft on its way to Mars or the outer planets. Leaving Earth Our team also found a fuel-efficient way to get spacecraft from Earth orbit to the depot at L1, requiring even less launch fuel and freeing up more lift energy for cargo items. First, the spacecraft would launch from Earth into Low Earth Orbit with an empty propellant tank. Then, the spacecraft and its cargo could be towed from Low Earth Orbit to the depot at L1 using a solar electric propulsion tug, a spacecraft largely propelled by solar-powered electric thrusters. This would let us triple the payload delivery to Mars. At present, a human Mars mission is estimated to cost as much as US$100 billion, and will need hundreds of tons of cargo. Delivering more cargo from Earth to Mars with fewer rocket launches would save billions of dollars and years of time. A base for space exploration Building a gas station between Earth and the moon would also reduce costs for missions beyond Mars. NASA is looking for extraterrestrial life on the moons of Saturn and Jupiter. Future spacecraft could carry much more cargo if they could refuel in space – who knows what scientific discoveries sending large exploration vehicles to these moons could enable? By helping us escape both Earth’s gravity and dependence on its resources, a lunar gas station could be the first small step toward the giant leap into making humanity an interplanetary civilization. Editor’s Note: This story was updated to clarify the distinction between escape velocity and the velocity needed to achieve orbit. Gary Li, Ph.D. Candidate in Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, University of California, Los Angeles; Danielle DeLatte, Ph.D. Student in Aeronautics & Astronautics, University of Tokyo; Jerome Gilleron, Ph.D. Candidate in Aerospace Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology; Samuel Wald, Ph.D. Student in Aeronautics and Astronautics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Therese Jones, Ph.D. Candidate in Public Policy, Pardee RAND Graduate School This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. The Conversation's logo. Photo: The Conversation Join the Discussion Most Read The Newsletter Exclusive articles delivered to your inbox daily. Subscribe Related Stories Two Countries Aim To Land Probe On Mars Moon Phobos Encountering Extraterrestrial Life: Neil deGrasse Tyson Thinks We’re Getting Closer Recommended Business Uber Wanted To Partner With Tesla, But Musk Said No Travis Kalanick, CEO of the ride-hailing company, called Tesla CEO Elon Musk to propose a self-driving partnership between the two companies, a new book says. Technology Elon Musk And The Worst Thing About The Tesla And SpaceX Founder Musk is leading two companies in two completely different industries that have long-term goals that resemble science fiction. World Ancient Aboriginal Australians Left Behind Artifacts From 51,000 Years Ago Artifacts left behind by Australia’s first human settlers show they got to the area as early as 51,000 years ago and were able to adapt to a changing coastal environment. National Vice President Mike Pence Starts Independent Political Action Committee The 25th Amendment to the Constitution states “in case of the removal of the President from office or of his death or resignation, the Vice President shall become President.” © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. Front Page   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations ON WALL STREET Dow closes more than 100 points higher Stocks shrug off hangover from report of Comey memo Published: 11 hours ago (CNBC) U.S. equities traded higher on Friday as concerns about Donald Trump’s presidency recede for the time being. The Dow Jones industrial average rose 121 points, with Boeing and Caterpillar contributing the most gains. The S&P 500 gained 0.6 percent, with industrials leading advancers, as shares of Deere rose more than 7 percent after posting quarterly results that easily beat expectations. The Nasdaq rose 0.46 percent. “With the special prosecutor, … this gives the administration the opportunity to defer questions about the investigation. That’s why we’re seeing a bit of a relief rally,” said James Smigiel, managing director at SEI. Read the full story › Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News Canada End of dynasty at Bombardier? Families behind Montreal-based transportation giant may be reeling from reduced role in daily operations, but sights remain focused on legacy of founder Joseph-Armand Bombardier. Books on display at the Museum of Ingenuity in Valcourt, Qc., a tribute to the mechanical and genius of J. Armand Bombardier, the creator of the Ski-Doo snow machine and the founder of the global transportation company.  (Allan Woods / Toronto Star) | Order this photo   By Allan Woods Quebec Bureau Fri., May 19, 2017 VALCOURT, QUE.—Delays, glitches and billion-dollar bailouts — some argue this is the hard reality of the cut-throat, high-stakes global transportation industry. But this month’s revolt against Montreal-based Bombardier Inc. that dealt a stunning blow to the inheritors of this family controlled company by forcing executive chairman Pierre Beaudoin to step away from daily operations of the global transportation firm? That was a personal slight. It was Pierre’s father, Laurent Beaudoin, the son-in-law of company founder Joseph-Armand Bombardier, who put words to the sentiment. “I’m a bit disappointed,” the man, who took over Bombardier and transformed it from a snow-machine maker into producer of planes and trains, said at the company’s annual general meeting this month. Article Continued Below “If the family had not been there, all of this would have never been built.” He was reacting to the criticism of pension funds, analysts and an outraged public who watched the struggling firm accept more than $1 billion in aid from the Quebec and federal governments and turn around with a $32 million pay-and-bonus boost for executives. Those critics laid blame for the tone-deaf lapses on the family’s lingering influence and control. But Laurent Beaudoin’s rebuttal captured the anger and the grief, as well as a stubborn streak that has been instrumental in Bombardier’s success over 75 years. A better understanding of the legacy being managed by the Bombardier and Beaudoin clans is found along the Joseph-Armand-Bombardier Highway in Quebec’s Eastern Townships. At the Ski-Doo plant in Valcourt, Que., make a right on J.A. Bombardier Ave. On your left is the Bombardier philanthropic foundation and the Bombardier library. Directly opposite is the Bombardier “Museum of Ingenuity” containing a replica of the long-delayed Toronto streetcars produced by the company as well as the original red-and-white workshop where the founder first puzzled over how to overcome the chief obstacle of rural Quebec: snow. Multimedia shows at the Museum of Ingenuity outlining the history of the Bombardier-Beaudoin families who control the Bombardier company,  (Allan Woods/)   In the centre of town, just up from Monsieur Bombardier’s first factory is his stately former home, protected with a Quebec heritage designation, the black-on-white company flag flying proudly from its turret. Here, it’s a little bit clearer that adaptability in the face of adversity — as much as the Ski-Doo, the commercial jet or a train — is the legacy of this family, this firm. As a company, Bombardier has had to adapt to survive through wars, oil crises, transportation trends and terrorism. The current challenge is to land sales and post profits from its C-Series commercial jet. The aircraft has been praised for its performance but chief competitor Boeing this week filed a trade challenge, arguing that Canadian subsidies to Bombardier allow it to sell the plane at below-market prices. The United States International Trade Commission could retaliate by raising tariffs on the planes sold in the U.S. For the Bombardier-Beaudoin family, which owns 13 per cent of the company but controls 53 per cent of its voting shares, the task ahead is to find a renewed role outside of the daily operations of the firm. “They have to learn how to govern the corporation. I hope that they will stay involved because it would be unfortunate if they were no longer interested and the fourth generation decides to sell everything to Boeing or Airbus. It would be unfortunate for Canada,” said Michel Nadeau, executive director of Montreal’s Institute for Governance of Private and Public Organizations. “Maybe one day there will be a child of the fourth generation . . . who can return to the management of Bombardier. Otherwise it is the end of the dynasty.” But after the debacle at the AGM, a Journal de Montreal columnist predicted that the family’s days with the company are numbered — probably in annual reports, possibly in quarterly reports. To hasten the inevitability, Michel Girard proposed that the family’s shares be purchased by the Quebec pension fund, the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec. How did it get to this point? “It’s very typical in family businesses. The father will hope that his son will continue the mission. But it’s not because the same blood runs in your veins that the same talent runs in your veins as well,” said Isabelle Dostaler, a professor of management at Concordia University’s John Molson School of Business in Montreal. Bombardier's chief executive Alain Bellemare, left, and chairman Pierre Beaudoin get set to start the company's annual meeting this month.  (Ryan Remiorz)   Pierre Beaudoin was groomed for the Bombardier throne. After learning the ropes, he began running Bombardier’s Recreational Products Group — Sea-Doos and Ski-Doos — in 1996. He became president of Bombardier Aerospace in October 2001, one month after the 9/11 terror attacks, and was appointed president of Bombardier Inc. from 2008, taking the reins from his father. The firm was on the verge of filing for bankruptcy protection when his term ended. “He’s not a charismatic leader like his dad. Under his run the company did not do well. It stretched itself too thin and embarked on several different projects all at once. That was tough on cash flow,” Dostaler said. Under Pierre Beaudoin’s watch, the Learjet 85 development program that was announced in 2007 suffered from ballooning costs and too few orders before being cancelled in 2015. The C-Series, meanwhile, was plagued by delays, cost overruns and weak sales under his tenure. Alain Bellemare took over as company president in 2015, but Pierre Beaudoin stayed on in a transitory position as executive chairman of the board. In the wake of the executive compensation proposal and the calls for less family involvement in the running of the company, he announced at the AGM he would be stepping back, serving as a simple chairman with no responsibilities for daily operations as of June 30. But no one expects the family to cede control of the company or take its sights off the Bombardier legacy. There is a debate about the wisdom of that position, but family controlled firms can also allow companies to take a longer-term view rather than simply focusing on satisfying shareholder demands and the relentless focus on driving up stock prices, said Joseph D’Cruz, professor emeritus of strategic management at the University of Toronto’s Rotman School of Business. “Is (a legacy focus) good or bad? It will depend on the outcome 10 years from now. It may turn out that (the C-Series jet) is a brilliant success because it redefines the segment of the market in which it competes, which is a single-aisle aircraft with below 150 seats.” Dostaler is among those convinced there are good times ahead for Bombardier based on what she said is the strength of the C-Series jet and the talent that exists within the company all the way down to the shop floor. But she also sympathizes with Laurent Beaudoin, the business engine behind the machines that now run on snow, water, air and rails. “The man is really sad and he feels for his son, who was going through a tough period,” she said. “But as my mom used to say, ‘It’s easier to cry in a Rolls Royce than in the metro.’ ” Read more about: Bombardier, Quebec Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 12°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs I hate getting my photo taken. Growing older makes it worse: Timson Now as my friend, writer Marni Jackson once memorably wrote, I am “gone with the wind machine.” News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Canada 150 Bombardier Donald Trump Book Reviews Panama Papers Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In India More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Top Trending News Sports Entertainment Trailers Tech Lifestyle Celebs Business Auto Movies Beauty Pageants Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Business Business India Business International Business Photos Videos Sectors More FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Homeopathy Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News » India News » Army wants its own 'mini Air Force', pitches for heavy-duty attack helicopters Army wants its own 'mini Air Force', pitches for heavy-duty attack helicoptersRajat Pandit The force wants three squadrons of heavy-duty attack helicopters, among other choppers, for its three primary "strike" corps geared for rapid armoured thrusts into enemy territory. | TNN | Updated: May 20, 2017, 10.56 AM IST Highlights The force wants three squadrons of heavy-duty attack helicopters, among other choppers, for its three primary "strike" corps The Army believes it should have "full command and control" over "tactical air assets" for rapid deployment along with its strike corpsThe Army is seeking approval for the acquisition of 11 Apache attack helicopters from the US. NEW DELHI: The Army has now strongly revived its old quest for a "mini air force" of its own, in a move that has been bitterly opposed by the IAF in the past. The force wants three squadrons of heavy-duty attack helicopters, among other choppers, for its three primary "strike" corps geared for rapid armoured thrusts into enemy territory. For starters, the 1.3-million strong Army is seeking the government's approval for acquisition of 11 Apache attack helicopters from the US as "a follow-on contract" to the earlier Rs 13,952 crore deal inked for 22 such choppers for the IAF. "The procurement proposal is likely to be considered by the defence acquisitions council (DAC) in its meeting to be chaired by defence minister Arun Jaitley on Saturday," said a defence ministry source. The Army is in a hurry because the "50% repeat order option", with the same terms and conditions, can be exercised only till September 28 since the original contract was inked on that date in 2015. One part of that "hybrid" deal had been inked with Boeing for the choppers, while the other for its weapons, radars and electronic warfare suites was signed with the US government. Apart from the 22 Apaches to be delivered to IAF from July 2019 onwards, the contract also involves acquisition of 812 AGM-114L-3 Hellfire Longbow missiles, 542 AGM-114R-3 Hellfire-II missiles, 245 Stinger Block I-92H missiles and 12 AN/APG-78 fire-control radars. Read this story in Gujarati Even during the procurement process for the 22 Apaches, the Army had demanded their "ownership and control" because helicopter gunships are used as the "air manoeuvre arm" of ground forces to target enemy infantry and tanks the world over. India inked Rs 8,048 crore deal for 15 Chinooks in Sept 2015. CH-47F Chinook is a heavy-lift helicopter, used for long-haul troop movements, logistics and recovery operations. The Army believes it should have "full command and control" over "tactical air assets" for rapid deployment along with its strike corps, while the IAF should concentrate on its "larger strategic role". The IAF, in turn, had contended it should retain all attack and medium-lift helicopters because it would be "very expensive" if the Army duplicated efforts and resources by getting its own "little air force". The then UPA government had ruled that the first 22 Apaches would go to IAF to add to its two existing, but ageing, squadrons of Russian-origin Mi-25/35 attack helicopters. But it also held "future" procurements of attack helicopters would be for the Army, granting "in principle approval" to its case for raising three squadrons (13 choppers each) for the strike formations - 1 Corps (Mathura), 2 Corps (Ambala) and 21 Corps (Bhopal). "Army Aviation Corps, raised in 1986, has over 250 Chetak/Cheetah light choppers and Dhruv advanced light helicopters. It should also get attack helicopters now since their control by IAF is a sub-optimal arrangement," said a senior officer. The Army's long-term plans include three helicopter squadrons (armed/attack, reconnaissance and tactical lift) each for all its 14 corps as well as "a flight" of five fixed-wing aircraft each for its six regional or operational commands. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. You might also like RELATED From around the web She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her Country Livingly One Lip Balm That Wooed this Beauty Editor (& Her Daughter) Eos Here Are Some Great Ideas for Fun After Dark in Connecticut Connecticut Tourism More from The Times of India Wife refuses to dance, hubby pushes her from rooftop Indian man, in US for nearly two decades, ordered deported China jets intercept American plane in East China Sea: US From the Web More From The Times of India Discover a New Migraine MedicationAD BY AVANIR © 2016 Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc, All Rights Reserved. Avanir is a trademark or Avanir Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Bal Harbour Shops Has Some Of The Worlds' Most Rare and St..Bal Harbour Check Out Unbelievable List of Safest 2017 MinivansMinivans - Sponsored Ads 10 Signs and Symptoms of Colon Cancerrmhealthy Easy Tricks to Give Your Hair Instant VolumeMSN Indian-American doctor shot dead in Michigan 'Baahubali 2' box-office collection Week 3 Should you eat rice and chapati together? Indian-origin couple shot dead in US B-town celebs mourn Reema Lagoo’s demise Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message IPL 2017 IPL 2017 RPS vs KXIP IPL 2017 Points Table KKR vs MI Pune Supergaints KKR Royal Challengers Bangalore Gujarat Lions Sunrisers Hyderbad Delhi Daredevils Mumbai Indians Kings XI Punjab Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular French researchers find way to unlock WannaCry without ransom French researchers said on Friday they had found a last-chance way for technicians to save Windows files encrypted by WannaCry, racing against a deadline as the ransomware threatens to start locking up victims' computers first infected a week ago. Pakistan cannot execute Kulbhushan Jadhav till the court rules on case: ICJ Big guns: Modern artillery guns to arrive in India after Bofors scandal Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These.. Ad: New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads EC to announce EVM challenge date today The Election Commission will announce the schedule, venue and modalities of its EVM challenge on Saturday afternoon. Eight lynched by mob in Jharkhand over kidnap rumours Eight persons, suspected of being child lifters, were lynched by villagers in Seraikela- Kharswan and East Singhbhum districts. From around the Web Feel the Exhilaration in This Performance Luxury Sedan Acura Best Dressed at the 2016 Met Gala Stylebistro.com Tom Cruise's $59 Million Mansion Will Take Your Breath Away Lonny Treat Yourself with These Healthy Snack Ideas on Yahoo Sea.. Yahoo More From The Times of India Aman Verma's wedding postponed - Times of India Indian-origin couple's murder in US: Family in shock Pics: Deepika sizzles in green at Cannes on Day 2 Read MoreIndian ArmyChinookArmyApache helicoptersAir Force Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in India From our Global Partners Twitter suffers yet another outage Why only Gandhi’s portrait on currency notes: Calcutta HC seeks Centre, RBI's response Toilet locator app to now cover 85 cities by Oct 2 Come June 5, Isro to launch 'game changer' rocket 1Army wants its own 'mini Air Force', pitches for heavy-duty attack helicopters 2Twitter suffers yet another outage 3Why only Gandhi’s portrait on currency notes: Calcutta HC seeks Centre, RBI's response 4Toilet locator app to now cover 85 cities by Oct 2 5Come June 5, Isro to launch 'game changer' rocket Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Julian Assange Tamil Nadu SSLC Result  KKR vs MI GST GST Bill Half Girlfriend Collection KKR vs MI Score XXX Return of Xander Cage Half Girlfriend Review Cannes 2017 TV Shows Sunny Leone Photos services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Kolkata vs Mumbai GST Bill Softbank Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos Baahubali 2 Collection Health & Fitness Tips Rangoli Designs Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics Rajnikanth IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table xXx Sensex Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Kumkum Bhagya How to Get Pregnant Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Technology Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Technology Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Technology Log In Subscribe Traffic Expect lane closures on Interstate 90 until 5 a.m. Monday. Agriculture Business Food & Drink Technology Food engineers plan meet-up for meat alternatives Originally published May 19, 2017 at 11:03 am Updated May 19, 2017 at 2:32 pm Christie Lagally, a former Boeing engineer, is trying to rally Seattle entrepreneurs to get involved in the food technology industry. (Courtesy of Good Food Institute) Lab-grown meat, called “clean meat” by its advocates, is one focus of a gathering that aims to encourage food technology innovation in the Seattle area. Plant-based meat alternatives are another focus. Share story By Rachel Lerman Seattle Times business reporter The word “meat” conjures up an image of beef, or maybe chicken, or perhaps duck if you’re feeling a bit more adventurous. But what about the meat of a fruit, or meat of a topic? Seattle engineer Christie Lagally thinks the term applies more broadly, and her research with the Good Food Institute is out to prove that a shift away from animal meat will help everyone. The D.C.-based nonprofit is teaming up with University of Washington’s CoMotion center to host an event Monday about how entrepreneurs can get involved with food technology – and create “meat” alternatives. Lagally, a former mechanical engineer at Boeing, is now a Good Food senior scientist and is focused on plant-based meats and “clean,” or lab-grown meats. The institute helps launch companies that focus on new food technologies. Most Read Stories Seahawk Michael Bennett escalates criticism of ESPN's Stephen A. Smith Why the obituary for Eudocia Tomas Pulido didn’t tell the story of her life in slavery ‘Deadliest Catch’ star Sig Hansen arrested after alleged assault of Uber driver Chris Cornell, leading voice for Soundgarden and Seattle grunge, dies in suicide Dying mother-in-law’s newfound warmth presents dilemma | Dear CarolynUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. In San Francisco, Good Food helped fund Memphis Meats, which is growing meat in labs from the cellular level – animal meat, no slaughter required. The startup is developing the “world’s first chicken produced without the animal.” Realistic plant-based substitutes for meat are catching on as well. The internet sensation Impossible Burger is designed to smell and taste like meat. It even “bleeds” like a beef burger. Lagally, who is based in Seattle, points to San Francisco, New York, other places around the world where “sustainable food technology” is really taking off. But in Seattle, it hasn’t yet gotten big. She thinks the time is ripe. Washington state already has a huge talent pool of agricultural scientists and resources, as well as a booming community of entrepreneurs. “Washington state is actually a really prime location for food innovation, even more so than perhaps the rest of the country,” Lagally said. “…Here in Washington state, we are growing the proteins — the soybeans, the wheat, the chickpeas, the lentils, the white beans — all of the protein sources we need in order to make plant-based meat.” Lagally points to sustainability issues that come along with farming animals for meat, as well as the feed that animals eat, which she believes could be instead used to feed humans across the world. “Not to mention the huge benefit to human health,” she added. Lagally knows it can be a tough sell. People are attached to what they eat, and that’s why she wants there to be appetizing alternatives in the form of “clean meat” and plant-based meats. GFI and CoMotion are holding a panel discussion beginning at 5:30 p.m. Monday at CoMotion’s headquarters in the University District to discuss the emerging industry and how entrepreneurs can jump in the ring. Rachel Lerman: rlerman@seattletimes.com; on Twitter @rachelerman. View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Cloud storage ‘versioning’ protects against ransomware Previous Story Billion-dollar race is on to break 2-hour marathon mark Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Attack Helicopters Market Analysis 2017 (By Segment, Key Players and Applications) and Forecasts To 2022 Global Attack Helicopters Market Research Report 2017 Analysis and Forecast to 2022 PUNE, INDIA, May 19, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Attack Helicopters Sales Market Report 2017 Global Attack Helicopters market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Attack Helicopters sales volume, Price (K USD/Unit), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Airbus Helicopters Bell Helicopter Boeing HAL Denel Leonardo S.p.A MD Helicopters Russian Helicopters Turkish Aerospace Industries GET SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1292609-global-attack-helicopters-sales-market-report-2017 Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (Units), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Attack Helicopters for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (K USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into General Helicopter Armed Helicopter On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Attack Helicopters for each application, including Air Force Use Navy Use Land Force Use Table of Content: Key Points Global Attack Helicopters Sales Market Report 2017 1 Attack Helicopters Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Attack Helicopters 1.2 Classification of Attack Helicopters by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Attack Helicopters Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Attack Helicopters Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 General Helicopter 1.2.4 Armed Helicopter 1.3 Global Attack Helicopters Market by Application/End Users 1.3.1 Global Attack Helicopters Sales (Volume) and Market Share Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Air Force Use 1.3.3 Navy Use 1.3.4 Land Force Use 1.4 Global Attack Helicopters Market by Region 1.4.1 Global Attack Helicopters Market Size (Value) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 United States Attack Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 China Attack Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 Europe Attack Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Attack Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Attack Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Attack Helicopters Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value and Volume) of Attack Helicopters (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Attack Helicopters Sales and Growth Rate (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Attack Helicopters Revenue and Growth Rate (2012-2022) … 9 Global Attack Helicopters Players/Suppliers Profiles and Sales Data 9.1 Airbus Helicopters 9.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.1.2 Attack Helicopters Product Category, Application and Specification 9.1.2.1 Product A 9.1.2.2 Product B 9.1.3 Airbus Helicopters Attack Helicopters Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.2 Bell Helicopter 9.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.2.2 Attack Helicopters Product Category, Application and Specification 9.2.2.1 Product A 9.2.2.2 Product B 9.2.3 Bell Helicopter Attack Helicopters Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.3 Boeing 9.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.3.2 Attack Helicopters Product Category, Application and Specification 9.3.2.1 Product A 9.3.2.2 Product B 9.3.3 Boeing Attack Helicopters Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.4 HAL 9.4.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.4.2 Attack Helicopters Product Category, Application and Specification 9.4.2.1 Product A 9.4.2.2 Product B 9.4.3 HAL Attack Helicopters Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.4.4 Main Business/Business Overview 9.5 Denel 9.5.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Competitors 9.5.2 Attack Helicopters Product Category, Application and Specification 9.5.2.1 Product A 9.5.2.2 Product B 9.5.3 Denel Attack Helicopters Sales, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2012-2017) 9.5.4 Main Business/Business Overview …Continued ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1292609-global-attack-helicopters-sales-market-report-2017 Get in touch: LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/4828928 Twitter: https://twitter.com/WiseGuyReports Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Wiseguyreports-1009007869213183/?fref=ts Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Technical Disturbances in Nasdaq Nordic Market Next PostNext Atlanta High School Receives Regional Award in It Only Takes One Campaign Search Recent Posts Michael Ladge of Los Angeles, CA has been honored with recognition by Los Angeles Magazine in its selection of „Los Angeles 2017 Five Star Wealth Managers” Gov. Edwards And Noranda Bauxite & Alumina CEO David Daddario Announce $35 Million Investment In St. James Parish Refinery Paintball and Laser Skirmish Complex Helps with Team Building in Local Workplaces Latest Research report on Baby Movement Monitor Sales Market predicts favorable growth and forecast till 2022 Kobalt Law LLP Earns a Reputation as Trusted Property Lawyers Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Airports & Routes > Uzbekistan Airways launches 787-8 operations to New York Uzbekistan Airways launches 787-8 operations to New York May 19, 2017 Kurt Hofmann EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Uzbekistan Airways Boeing 787-8 Uzbekistan Airways Related Media Gallery: A look inside Lufthansa Technik's Frankfurt MRO facility Advertisement Uzbekistan Airways launched 2X-weekly Tashkent-Riga-New York JFK Boeing 787-8 services, replacing a 767-300ER on the route, May 18. The Uzbekistan flag carrier plans to eliminate the stop in Latvian capital Riga in July. The airline took delivery of its first 787-8 in August 2016, which started commercial operations Sept. 5, 2016. It has two 787-8s in service, which operates from Tashkent International Airport to Dubai, Delhi, Tel Aviv, Istanbul Ataturk, Kuala Lumpur, Singapore and Moscow. The Tashkent-based airline said in November 2016 it will order three additional 787-9s. Uzbekistan Airways has had a partnership with Boeing since 1996. Its fleet comprises 34 aircraft, including 767s, 757s as well as Airbus A320 and Ilyushin Il-114-100 aircraft. The carrier said in 2014 it was on track to join the SkyTeam global alliance; however, no news has been available since then. Kurt Hofmann, hofmann.aviation@netway.at Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Uzbekistan Airways to order three more Boeing 787s   Japan’s ANA to launch daily flights to Mexico in 2017   Uzbekistan Airways takes first Boeing 787   Xiamen Airlines to open Fuzhou–New York route   Japan Airlines to offer service to New York   Blogs & Commentary May 10, 2017 blog The face of an airline It is almost impossible to imagine Etihad Airways without James Hogan, but come July that will be a reality. How do airline brands move on when their face changes?...More May 5, 2017 blog Doug Parker: ‘Our stock is so undervalued it defies logic’ What will it take for Wall Street to buy into the notion that US airlines are safe—and even forward-thinking—investments?...More May 2, 2017 blog US lawmakers are angry, but want airlines to self-regulate Today’s congressional hearing on US airline customer service was certainly a venting exercise for lawmakers. The question is, will this new wave of airline bashing stop at angry words or be followed by regulation?...More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location May 3, 2017 Article Boom CEO sees market for 1,000 supersonic passenger jets by 2035 Denver-based Boom Technology founder and CEO Blake Scholl believes the company’s first supersonic passenger aircraft can enter commercial service as soon as 2023 and there is a market for as many as 1,000 supersonic airliners to be delivered by 2035....More May 2, 2017 Article A4A airlines will no longer remove boarded passengers from aircraft All Airlines for America (A4A) member airlines are now committed to not removing a boarded passenger from an aircraft in a bumping situation and all are committed to ensuring crew being transported are booked in advance, A4A president and CEO Nicholas Calio said....More May 2, 2017 Article Confident businesses, consumers drive strong air travel demand Global air travel demand is more robust than expected so far in 2017 because of growing business and consumer confidence, according to IATA chief economist Brian Pearce....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Satellite Propulsion System Market – #NASA to Launch Green Fuel by Mid 2017 May 19, 2017 (Investorideas.com Newswire) The global satellite propulsion systems market is expected to grow at a CAGR of over 4% during the forecast period, 2017-2021. Technavio has announced its latest market research report on the global satellite propulsion systems market, under its space portfolio. This market analysis discusses the major drivers and key emerging trends and offers an analysis of key vendors like Aerojet Rocketdyne, Airbus, Bellatrix Aerospace, Boeing, OHB, and Safran. According to Moutushi Saha, a lead analyst for space research at Technavio, „The cost of building a nano or microsatellite is almost nil in comparison with traditional satellites. A constellation of such satellites can be used to provide low-cost solutions, which would otherwise account to a significant amount. Most of the cost comes from the cost to propel a satellite. The emergence of low-cost launch services for nano and microsatellites helps to further lower the launch cost.” The launch of nano and microsatellites helps bring down the satellite propulsion costs, which is an overall boost for the global satellite industry. Furthermore, such satellites can enable missions that are not feasible with the larger satellites, such as inspection of the larger satellites in orbit, gathering data from multiple points, lower data rate communications, and space-based research. Click here to request a free sample of this report https://www.technavio.com/talk-to-us?report=Global%20Satellite%20Propulsion%20System%20Market%202017-2021&type=sample Rapid deployment of CubeSats Many of the developing nations have shown a keen interest in the utilization of satellites such as CubeSats (U-class spacecraft). These satellites use enhanced electro-optical/infrared (EO/IR) sensor systems to capture the images of Earth. For example, in 2016, Aerojet Rocketdyne entered into an agreement with NASA to develop an MPS-130 CubeSat propulsion system using a green propellant called AF-M315E. This propulsion system is anticipated to enhance the maneuverability of the CubeSats and provide high-performance satellite characteristics when compared with the traditional hydrazine propellant. Use of green propulsive technologies Several initiatives are being undertaken by the global space agencies and satellite operators to reduce the dependence on chemical-powered propulsion systems. For example, in recent years, NASA has been increasingly working with the private industry partners to launch a spacecraft, which will use high-performance and non-toxic green fuel. The initiative is being funded under NASA’s Green Propellant Infusion Mission (GPIM) program and is scheduled to launch by mid-2017. This research report includes an in-depth analysis and market shares and sizes of the sub-segments and geography. An analysis of the key companies, including their market shares, business overview, key financials, etc. is provided in this study. This market study also provides a detailed analysis of key drivers, challenges, and opportunities influencing this market. A more detailed analysis is available in the Technavio report titled, ‚Global Satellite Propulsion System Market 2017-2021’. Technavio also customizes reports by other regions and specific segments upon request. More Info: This news is published on the Investorideas.com Newswire – a global digital news source for investors and business leaders Disclaimer/Disclosure: Investorideas.com is a digital publisher of third party sourced news, articles and equity research as well as creates original content, including video, interviews and articles. Original content created by investorideas is protected by copyright laws other than syndication rights. Our site does not make recommendations for purchases or sale of stocks, services or products. Nothing on our sites should be construed as an offer or solicitation to buy or sell products or securities. All investment involves risk and possible loss of investment. This site is currently compensated for news publication and distribution, social media and marketing, content creation and more. Contact each company directly regarding content and press release questions. Disclosure is posted for each compensated news release, content published /created if required but otherwise the news was not compensated for and was published for the sole interest of our readers and followers. More disclaimer info: http://www.investorideas.com/About/Disclaimer.asp Additional info regarding BC Residents and global Investors: Effective September 15 2008 – all BC investors should review all OTC and Pink sheet listed companies for adherence in new disclosure filings and filing appropriate documents with Sedar. Read for more info: http://www.bcsc.bc.ca/release.aspx?id=6894. Global investors must adhere to regulations of each country. CategoriesUncategorized TagsRenewable Energy Post navigation Previous PostPrevious India $526 Million Industrial & Institutional Cleaning Chemicals Market, Forecast and Opportunities, 2026 – Research and Markets Next PostNext Farmington, UTAH Reason #136 Why One Should Book a Service Package at „Amara Day Spa” in Lehi (www.AmaraDaySpa.com) with Master Esthetician Taryn Korinne is to Prevent Aging (Anti-Aging) with an „Amara Signature Facial” (SkinMedica & Glymed) Search Recent Posts Global Toilet Soap Market Research Report 2016 – Industry Sales, Growth, Production, Demands, Types, Shares, Revenues & Key Vendors : Unilever, Valobra, Henkel, Vermont, Palmolive Global Whey Protein Products Market Growth, Size Estimated to Increase by 2016 – 2024 Global Marine Wind Sensor Market to Grow at a CAGR of 3.89% During 2017-2021 – Market Research, Trends and Forecast Global Kosher Food Market Will Grow Exponentially During 2016 – 2024 Global Green Tea Market Accounting a Higher Growth by 2016 – 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Boeing’s New Plane Engine Is as Wide as a Fuselage subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours There's a story behind everything bit.ly/2rmS6GF Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Brown Bird Design Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Matt Jancer. Matt Jancer Transportation Date of Publication: 05.19.17. 05.19.17 Time of Publication: 10:30 am. 10:30 am Boeing’s New Plane Engine Is as Wide as a Fuselage Brown Bird Design Whoever said size isn’t everything never had to push a giant airplane across the sky. That’s why GE’s new turbofan engine is enormous: Built using lightweight carbon fiber and 3-D printing, the GE9X is as wide as a Boeing 737 fuselage (yes, it’s a plane engine the size of another plane) and will eventually power Boeing’s 777X, the biggest twinjet ever. Despite its heft, though, the behemoth is cleaner, quieter, and more fuel-efficient than its predecessors. Flight-testing starts this year, and by 2020 you might see a GE9X from seat 36A. 1. Sculpted Fan Blades Improved 3-D-design software enabled engineers to create more-aerodynamic blades. These are made of carbon fiber, not titanium, substantially lessening the load on the engine. 2. High-Pressure Air Compressor The more densely packed the air is, the less fuel required in the combustion chamber. A 27:1 compression ratio makes the GE9X burn fuel 10 percent more efficiently than the current 777 engine, saving money and lowering emissions. 3. Supercharged Swirlers Air flows to the combustor through two swirlers, which are like high-speed blenders mixing fuel and air. Traditional metal alloy would be no match for the GE9X, so a ceramic-composite lining was used to let the engine withstand up to 2,400 degrees Fahrenheit. 4. One-Piece Nozzle A typical fuel nozzle has 20 parts. Each GE9X nozzle is a single piece, 3-D-printed out of cobalt-chrome powder. Similar nozzles have proven to be five times more durable. 5. 3-D-Printed Airfoils The GE9X generates 105,000 pounds of thrust, which would overwhelm conventional nickel airfoils. These versions are 3-D-printed from titanium-aluminide metal powder, which is lighter, stronger, and more heat-resistant. This article appears in the June issue. Subscribe now. Related Video Transportation Step Inside Boeing’s Elaborate New 737 Test Plane Boeing is putting its newest plane, the 737 MAX, through a grueling series of test flights. Onboard, instead of seats and a meal service, a team of engineers captures data on its performance, and eats snacks from a cooler. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. magazine-25.06 Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Apple’s New Campus: An Exclusive Look Inside the Mothership Design Apple’s New Campus: An Exclusive Look Inside the Mothership Steven Levy The Arctic Doomsday Seed Vault Flooded. Thanks, Global Warming Climate Desk The Arctic Doomsday Seed Vault Flooded. Thanks, Global Warming Damian Carrington Boeing’s New Plane Engine Is as Wide as a Fuselage Transportation Boeing’s New Plane Engine Is as Wide as a Fuselage Matt Jancer With Venom, Marvel’s Got Its Biggest Bad of All: Brand Dilution Movies With Venom, Marvel’s Got Its Biggest Bad of All: Brand Dilution Brian Raftery Alien: Covenant Proves ‘Franchise Fatigue’ Really Means ‘Boring Movies’ Movies Alien: Covenant Proves ‘Franchise Fatigue’ Really Means ‘Boring Movies’ Charlie Jane Anders Hackers Are Trying to Reignite WannaCry With Nonstop Botnet Attacks Security Hackers Are Trying to Reignite WannaCry With Nonstop Botnet Attacks Andy Greenberg ‘Things’ Might Be the Prettiest To-Do List App Ever Productivity ‘Things’ Might Be the Prettiest To-Do List App Ever David Pierce How Do Drones Fly? Physics, of Course! Science How Do Drones Fly? Physics, of Course! Rhett Allain More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Transportation Kaboom Look Out Elon—A Bunch of Students Have Set a Rocket Record Jack Stewart Transportation Ubers for the 0.1 Percent Henri Gendreau Photo of the Week Photo of the Week: A Gnarly Nascar Pile Up in Kansas Ends in Flames Seriously How Airbus Dreamed Up the Wild Design for Its Flying Car Jack Stewart autonomous vehicles Waymo and Lyft Join Forces in the Obsessive Pursuit of Data Jack Stewart National Affairs Even If Dana Rohrabacher Was a Russian Asset, Would He Know? Adam Rogers We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours There's a story behind everything bit.ly/2rmS6GF Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 9 hours There's a story behind everything bit.ly/2rmS6GF Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us SecureDrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Attack Helicopters Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, May 19, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Attack Helicopters Sales Market Report 2017 Attack Helicopters market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Attack Helicopters sales volume, Price (K USD/Unit), revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Airbus Helicopters Bell Helicopter Boeing HAL Denel Leonardo S.p.A MD Helicopters Russian Helicopters Turkish Aerospace Industries GET SAMPLE REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1292609-global-attack-helicopters-sales-market-report-2017 Geographically, this report split global into several key Regions, with sales (Units), revenue (Million USD), market share and growth rate of Attack Helicopters for these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering United States China Europe Japan Southeast Asia India On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume (Units), revenue (Million USD), product price (K USD/Unit), market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into General Helicopter Armed Helicopter On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Attack Helicopters for each application, including Air Force Use Navy Use Land Force Use ACCESS REPORT @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1292609-global-attack-helicopters-sales-market-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Attack Helicopters Sales Market Report 2017 1 Attack Helicopters Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Attack Helicopters 1.2 Classification of Attack Helicopters by Product Category 1.2.1 Global Attack Helicopters Market Size (Sales) Comparison by Type (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Attack Helicopters Market Size (Sales) Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 General Helicopter 1.2.4 Armed Helicopter …CONTINUED List of Tables and Figures Figure Product Picture of Attack Helicopters Figure Global Attack Helicopters Sales Volume Comparison (Units) by Type (2012-2022) Figure Global Attack Helicopters Sales Volume Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 Figure General Helicopter Product Picture Figure Armed Helicopter Product Picture Figure Global Attack Helicopters Sales Comparison (Units) by Application (2012-2022) …CONTINUED FOR ANY QUERY, CONTACT US @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1292609-global-attack-helicopters-sales-market-report-2017 Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Virginia Virtual Academy Grades 4-10 Enrollment Now Open for 2017-18 School Year Next PostNext Form 8.3 – [Elis SA] Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Saturday 20 May 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Deer Jet displays Dream Jet in Seattle By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · May 19, 2017 Deer Jet has added a second Dream Jet to its managed fleet, and brought the first 787 Dream Jet to Seattle, the birthplace of Boeing, for its first display in the US, the company said. The showcase, held at the Museum of Flight, was the sixth stop for the world´s first 787 Dream Jet after Hong Kong, Shanghai, London, Dublin, and Doha. During a press conference held at the end of the display, Mr. Adam Tan, CEO of HNA Group, Deer Jet´s parent company, said, “The first 787 Dream Jet is a masterpiece. After its global success we are very pleased to add a second one.” The aircraft typically resides at Hong Kong International Airport operated by Deer Jet´s subsidiary Hong Kong Jet. The price to charter the 787 Dream Jet is RMB 500,000 per hour (about USD 70,815). Deer Jet operates as a wholly owned subsidiary of HNA Group. The company manages and operates a 90-strong aircraft fleet including the world´s only 787 Dream Jet, with the second 787 Dream Jet to be added. Related posts Atlas Air Worldwide takes delivery of Boeing 767-300ER from AerCap May 19, 2017 AerCap Holdings N.V. (NYSE:AER) has delivered a Boeing 767-300ER to a subsidiary of Atlas Air... Hainan Airlines to be first user of Honeywell GoDirect maintenance service May 19, 2017 Honeywell (NYSE: HON) has signed an agreement for Hainan Airlines (HNA) to become the first... CPI Aero delivers first F-35 lock assemblies to Lockheed Martin May 19, 2017 CPI Aerostructures, Inc. (NYSE MKT: CVU) made its first delivery to Lockheed Martin Company (NYSE:... Southwest report outlines commitment to performance, people, planet May 19, 2017 Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) has released its 2016 Southwest Airlines One Report, which demonstrates... Singapore Airlines to utilize IBM MobileFirst for iOS apps May 19, 2017 IBM (NYSE: IBM) has announced that Singapore Airlines (SIA) Group has selected MobileFirst for iOS... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « EDM wins contract from Jet2.com to manufacture B737 door trainer Singapore Airlines to utilize IBM MobileFirst for iOS apps » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Electronic Flight Bag Market Research, Top Manufacturers, Industry Growth Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Market Research Future Electronic Flight Bag Market Information Report by Type (Class 1, Class 2, and Class 3), Application (Commercial, Military) and Region – Forecast to 2022 Major Key Players are The Boeing Company (U.S.), Esterline CMC Electronics (Canada), NavAero AB (Sweden), Airbus Group SE (France), Rockwell Collins Inc (U.S.), L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc” — Market Research Future PUNE, MAHARASHTRA, INDIA, May 19, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Market Research Future Published a Cooked Research Report (CRR) on Global Electronic Flight Bag Market. Electronic Flight Bag Market is Expected to Grow Over the CAGR of around 12.70% During the Period 2016 to 2022 Market Overview: An electronic flight bag (EFB) is an electronic information management device that helps flight crews performs flight management tasks more easily and efficiently. An EFB electronically stores and retrieves documents required for flight operations such as operating manuals, aeronautical charts, airport information, route information and weather. The major drivers for the growth of electronic flight bag market are safety and replacement of all paper-based manuals. The electronic flight bag is used for safety of pilots by providing up-to-date weather and assist by providing the route so as to avoid discretionary fuel burn. North America is leading the market for electronic flight bag market during the forecast period due to growing commercial aircraft and reduction in the maintenance of aircraft. Europe is the second largest region for this market valued at USD 551.8 million in 2011 and is projected to grow at a CAGR of 12.44%. Asia-Pacific is the fastest growing market during the forecast period. Sample Copy of Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/2562 Key Players The Key players in Global Electronic Flight Bag Market are UTC Aerospace Systems (U.S.), International Flight Support (Denmark), Astronautics Corporation of America (U.S.), The Boeing Company (U.S.), Esterline CMC Electronics (Canada), NavAero AB (Sweden), Airbus Group SE (France), Rockwell Collins Inc (U.S.), L-3 Communications Holdings, Inc, (U.S.), Teledyne Controls LLC (U.S.), Thales Group (France), DAC International Inc (U.S.), Lufthansa Systems (Germany), Flightman (Ireland). Access the market data and market information presented through more than 25 market data tables and 25 figures spread over 83 numbers of pages of the project report “Electronic Flight Bag Market Research – Forecast to 2022” Market Research Analysis The market is highly based on application. Commercial segment is expected to dominate the market during the forecast period because it speeds up and simplify pilot access to information with the Electronic Flight Bag solution. It is expected to grow at the highest CAGR of 13.03% during the forecast period The major drivers that led to the growth of this market are safety of pilot and replacement of all paper-based manuals. There are various restraints that hinder the growth of electronic flight bag market is cyber security issue. Access Report Details @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/electronic-flight-bag-market-2562 Study Objectives of Electronic Flight Bag Market • To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the global electronic flight bag Market • To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth • To analyse the global electronic flight bag Market based on various factors such as supply chain analysis, and Porter’s five force analysis • To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to regions and their respective key countries • To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective • To provide country level analysis of the market for segments by type, by application, and by region • To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market • To track and analyses competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in theglobal electronic flight bag Market. List of Figures FIGURE 1 Research Type FIGURE 2 Global Electronic Flight Bag Market: By Type (%) FIGURE 3 Global Electronic Flight Bag Market: By Application (%) FIGURE 4 Global Electronic Flight Bag Market: By Region Continued….. About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. In order to stay updated with technology and work process of the industry, MRFR often plans & conducts meet with the industry experts and industrial visits for its research analyst members. Akash Anand Market Research Future +1 646 845 9312 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Press Releases: 2017 U.S.-Vietnam Human Rights Dialogue Next PostNext Global Wireless and Ambulatory Monitoring 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Local News Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Northwest Data Times Watchdog News Obituaries All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Northwest Data Times Watchdog News Obituaries All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Local News Log In Subscribe Traffic Expect lane closures on Interstate 90 from 11 tonight until 5 a.m. Monday. Local News Local Politics Northwest Puget Sound In the Trump era, Washington families speak out on their refugee roots — from Nazi Germany to Afghanistan Originally published May 19, 2017 at 6:00 am Updated May 19, 2017 at 10:45 pm Back to story Restart gallery More Photo Galleries Boyfriend proposes to Miss Washington after he catches her pitch at Mariners game Remembering Chris Cornell, 1964-2017 Outing on Lake Union The heated national debate over refugees has compelled some Americans to consider their own refugee roots — and speak out. Six Seattle-area residents talk about what it took for their families to get here from places like Nazi Germany, Vietnam, Bosnia. Share story By Daniel Beekman Seattle Times staff reporter The United Nations defines a refugee as someone forced to flee his or her country because of persecution, war or violence. He or she has a well-founded fear of being targeted for reasons of race, religion, nationality, political opinion or membership in a particular social group. A refugee can be an adult or a child. Julie Wong was 10. “It couldn’t have been longer than a football field from where we were hiding to that ship, but I remember what I saw along the way,” Wong said of the night she left the Vietnamese city Danang in 1975. “We had to step over dead bodies. Bicycles. Suitcases. People’s lives strewn all around.” Wong is 52 and lives with her husband in Sammamish. Their sons play football. She works for a pharmaceutical company as an oncology diagnostic consultant. She cried when she talked about Danang being shelled and the refugee camp near San Diego where she took English classes. She doesn’t usually talk about those things. Most people never ask, and she doesn’t feel the need to tell. She leads a busy life as a proud American. But when Wong sees Syrian refugees on the news, running for their lives, she’s reminded of her own story.     Julie Wong has built up a successful career and comfortable life in Sammamish, but many people don’t know that her family narrowly escaped Vietnam just before the fall of Saigon. (Bettina Hansen/The Seattle Times) The Truong siblings in Danang, 1967: Julie Wong is 3 years old, holding a doll. (Courtesy of Julie Wong) Julie Wong Julie Wong, 52, becomes emotional when she talks of how her family got out of Vietnam in 1975. In Syrian families fleeing civil war, she’s reminded of her own history. “Maybe my experience can help others, who may not have interacted with many refugees, understand what we’ve been through.”   Now that debates over how wide the United States should swing open its doors have helped Donald Trump become president and provoked mass protests at airports, she wants her neighbors to know about her experience. And she’s not alone. Across the U.S. and the Seattle area, people are thinking about their refugee backgrounds. Their origins and politics vary, and some are the descendants of refugees. But they have this in common: They want to be heard. “I’ve never shared to this degree,” Wong said. “But maybe my experience can help others, who may not have interacted with many refugees, understand what we’ve been through. Most of us are so much in survival mode that we don’t talk about it. We just move through American society.”     Mahri Haider arrived in the U.S. from Afghanistan when she was 3. The Harborview doctor reflects on what her life could have been had she not been able to come here. (Bettina Hansen & Corinne Chin / The Seattle Times)     Fleeing Nazis and civil war America’s refugees Since 1975, the U.S. has resettled more than 3 million refugees, with annual admissions ranging from a high of 207,000 in 1980 to a low of 27,110 in 2002. Here’s more information about refugees from conflicts discussed in this story: Holocaust: About 85,000 Jewish refugees reached the United States between March 1938 and September 1939. Hungarian revolution: The U.S. admitted about 40,000 Hungarian refugees after a failed anti-communist revolution in 1956. Southeast Asia: The Indochina Migration and Refugee Assistance Act of 1975, passed in response to the end of the Vietnam War, let in about 130,000 refugees from Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia. Hundreds of thousands more were admitted in later years. Cold War Afghanistan: Between 1980 and 1996, during and after the Soviet-Afghan War, more than 32,000 Afghans were admitted as refugees to the U.S. Somalia: The U.S. has admitted more than 90,000 refugees from Somalia since 1991, when civil war broke out. Bosnia: More than 131,000 refugees from Bosnia and Herzegovina have been resettled in the U.S. since 1992, when the Bosnian War began. More than 2,200 refugees resettled in Washington from October 2016 through April 2017, the fourth most among states for that period. Ukrainians made up the largest group, followed by people fleeing Iraq, Somalia, Iran, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Moldova and Burma, according to the U.S. Department of State. Sixty-six came from Syria. Many of the approximately 38,000 refugees resettled in Washington since 2003 have come from Middle Eastern and Muslim-majority countries. They were coming from different countries in 1940, when Rebecca Roush’s cousin arrived. It was a long journey for Ernest Schlesinger, who was 14 years old. He and his parents were Jews in Nazi Germany, and their escape took them on a train from Berlin across Siberia and on a ship from Japan to Seattle. They arrived with $8. The Nazis had taken everything else, Schlesinger’s widow, Gaby Schlesinger, recalled recently. “As they stood in the noise and confusion of the customs shed, strangers in a new and puzzling land, they were thinking of Hildesheim, which had been their home,” wrote a Seattle Times reporter who met the ship at the dock and asked Ernest’s father about what had been going on in Germany. “His silence was more eloquent than words could have been,” the reporter wrote. The scene, also captured in a Times photograph, plays over and over in Roush’s mind.     In Rebecca Roush’s family research, she discovered a harrowing story of escape from Nazi Germany. “I think each of us as human beings really needs to look at ourselves and understand our prejudices.” (Bettina Hansen/The Seattle Times) This photo from a 1940 Seattle Times story shows the arrival by ship of the Schlesinger family, Jews who escaped from Germany, through Siberia, to Japan and then to Seattle, where they were met by relatives who had sponsored them. (Seattle Times) Rebecca Roush Rebecca Roush, who lives in Seattle, met a Jewish cousin who had fled Nazi Germany as a teenager in 1940. He and his immediate family escaped the Holocaust because relatives in Spokane sponsored them. The story sticks with Roush. “We need to be able to protect each other,” Roush said. “I want to make sure my family remembers.” Read the Times story from 1940 »   Brought up without religion and disconnected from the Schlesinger branch of her family tree, she was captivated when, as an adult researching her Jewish roots, she encountered the dramatic tale. The story meant enough to her that Roush, 57, who lives in Seattle and manages Sound Transit’s bicycle program, tracked down Ernest and struck up a relationship. By then, the former teenage refugee was a retired math professor living on the East Coast, having graduated from Seattle’s Broadway High School and the University of Washington. Related After the fall of Saigon: When Washington did the right thing for refugees The two cousins wrote to each other and met face-to-face before Ernest died. “He came out here,” Roush recalled. “I sat down with a tape recorder and asked him questions.” She wanted to hang onto history. Ernest had been spared from the Holocaust because relatives in Spokane sponsored him and his parents to come. “We need to be able to protect each other,” Roush said. “I want to make sure my family remembers.” Things are different for Hanan Nur, who was born in Somalia and came to the U.S. nine years ago. Nur’s refugee experience is more recent and raw, and she looks ahead more than back. The mother of two has earned a GED and an associate degree and is working on a bachelor’s. Education is her passion because she was unable to attend school for much of an itinerant childhood. Nur was 7 in 1991 when Somalia erupted in civil war and her family ran away, initially to Ethiopia. “No way we could stay in our country,” she said. “People were fighting and killing each other.” She lived in Ethiopia in a one-room house with about 15 relatives. Nur didn’t know the local language, and her family didn’t have enough food.     Hanan Nur was a child when fighting broke out in her native Somalia. Her family ran away to Ethiopia. “People were speaking a different language, we didn’t have food, we didn’t have shelter,” she said. “Refugees, we are victim of war. We are victim of extremists,” she said. “Being a suspect is disappointing to us.” (Bettina Hansen/The Seattle Times) Hanan Nur Hanan Nur fled Somalia for Ethiopia, then Kenya, Djibouti and Dubai, finally arriving in the U.S. nine years ago. Because she missed so much school as a child, Nur is passionate about education. The mother of two is pursuing a bachelor’s degree and wants to be a social worker. Her life is still unfolding. “I think it’s never too late,” she said. “I’ve been going to school for five years and I’m still going.”   Eventually, she moved on. Then moved on again. And again. To Kenya, Djibouti and Dubai. Related 30 Days: A refugee family's first month in the U.S. “We didn’t have much money. I go to school for two or three months, then go back home,” Nur said. “I saw other kids go to school and I cannot.” She came to the Seattle area after marrying a man who had been admitted to the U.S. years before as a Somali refugee. They met in Ethiopia when he traveled there to visit relatives. Some refugees, like Nur, immigrate by means other than the official U.S. refugee-admissions and resettlement program. Now living in West Seattle, Nur hopes to become a social worker. “I think it’s never too late,” she said. “I’ve been going to school for five years and I’m still going.”   Reluctant welcomes Debate over whether the U.S. should accept refugees is nothing new. Over the decades, the American public generally hasn’t welcomed them. Plans to accept large numbers of German Jews in 1939, Hungarians in 1958, Southeast Asians in 1979 and Cubans in 1990 were opposed more than supported, according to Gallup polls. Two years ago, 60 percent of Gallup respondents opposed a plan to admit 10,000 Syrian refugees. Last year, Trump supporters inside an Everett arena whooped with approval as the candidate warned that Syrian refugees might commit terrorist attacks in the U.S. and compared them to a “vicious snake.” There have been exceptions. Two-thirds of Gallup respondents approved of accepting Kosovo refugees in 1999. This January, 58 percent disapproved of President Trump’s order indefinitely suspending the U.S. program to admit Syrian refugees. But the country’s habitual reluctance to admit desperate people bothers Dean Falvy, a Seattle lawyer whose university-professor father bolted Hungary after urging his students to take part in an unsuccessful anti-communist revolution. Falvy, 49, wonders why tens of thousands of Hungarian refugees were allowed to resettle in America. President Dwight Eisenhower easily could have barred entry for Falvy’s father, who went on to become a Boeing engineer, rather than expose the U.S. to potential espionage during the height of the Cold War. Perhaps it was easier to distinguish between good and bad guys back then in Hungary than in Syria today, after years of messy civil war, he said. Perhaps bias related to the race and religion of refugees sways public opinion. And politics were part of the equation. “The country was more welcoming in the 1950s to refugees from Europe,” Falvy said. “It was certainly a propaganda coup for the U.S. And there was some guilt involved, because when the Hungarian revolution began, the U.S. encouraged it.”     Dezso George-Falvy took these photos in the streets of Budapest in October 1956 during the Hungarian Revolution, a revolt against Soviet policies. He escaped from behind the Iron Curtain and eventually went to work for Boeing. (Dezso George-Falvy / Courtesy of Dean Falvy) “I remember the term ‘refugee.’ And it was always clear to me that they left for political reasons,” said Dean Falvy, of Seattle. “There was a real sense of loss for him of his country.” (Bettina Hansen/The Seattle Times) Dean Falvy Dean Falvy’s father was a professor in Hungary when he fled the communist regime after a failed uprising. Polls show the American public has long been reluctant to accept refugees. But the U.S. government was welcoming to foes of communism during the Cold War. “There’s always been this push-pull in American history between how welcoming we are and how xenophobic,” said Falvy, a Seattle lawyer.   As a teenager, Falvy’s father had briefly fought in World War II for the Axis. When he fled Hungary, he left a pregnant wife behind. Most Read Stories Seahawk Michael Bennett escalates criticism of ESPN's Stephen A. Smith Why the obituary for Eudocia Tomas Pulido didn’t tell the story of her life in slavery ‘Deadliest Catch’ star Sig Hansen arrested after alleged assault of Uber driver Chris Cornell, leading voice for Soundgarden and Seattle grunge, dies in suicide Dying mother-in-law’s newfound warmth presents dilemma | Dear CarolynUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. But what mattered to U.S. leaders was that he was fleeing communism. In America, he remarried and thrived. Falvy grew up among Hungarian-American refugees, many of whom worked for Boeing. Now a prominent business lawyer who lectures at the UW, he was senior corporate counsel for Amazon’s North American retail division. Today there are more than 20 million refugees worldwide, according to the United Nations. “Maybe it was a unique moment in American history where, because of this ideological struggle with the Soviet Union, we had to broaden our horizons,” Falvy said. “There’s always been this push-pull in American history between how welcoming we are and how xenophobic.”   ‘Living this alternate life’ Refugees are the most stringently vetted people admitted to the U.S., undergoing multiple security screenings and background checks in a process that takes 18 to 24 months, on average. Unlike asylum seekers, who request protection after arriving in the U.S. on their own, refugees are vetted while outside the country. Most of the refugees the U.S. considers for admission are referred by the U.N. But the U.N. only refers a small fraction of the world’s refugees, many of them among the most vulnerable. The State Department works with nonprofits to resettle refugees and provide them with assistance during their first 90 days. This fiscal year, the State Department is giving the nonprofits $2,075 per refugee for such basic assistance as housing, case management and getting children registered in school, according to a spokesperson.     The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services provides help over a longer period, funding services such as English classes and medical screenings. Refugees must over time reimburse the U.S. for their flights to the communities where they resettle, and they must apply for green cards after one year in the U.S. Related When charity knows no boundaries: Seattleites help Syrian refugees here and overseas Of the 3.2 million refugees admitted to the U.S. from 1975 through 2015, 20 have been convicted of planning or committing terrorist attacks on U.S. soil, according to an analysis by the Cato Institute, a think tank that advocates for limited government, free markets and immigration. Of those 20, three succeeded in killing Americans. They had come to the U.S. from Cuba, and they killed three Americans in the 1970s. No refugees have killed Americans in terrorist attacks on U.S. soil since the Refugee Act of 1980 created the country’s modern refugee-admission program. The 9/11 terrorist attacks ushered in a rigorous vetting process. No refugees were involved in the 9/11 attacks; the attackers entered the U.S. on tourist, business and student visas. The Boston Marathon bombing was carried out by asylees who entered the U.S. as children and later became terrorists. During the period covered by the Cato Institute, the chance of an American being killed in a terrorist attack by a refugee was 1 in 3.64 billion a year, according to the analysis. Almir Alemic of Seattle knows that, and one might expect him to oppose Trump’s attempts to suspend the admission of refugees based the argument that they may threaten national security. Alemic was 4 in 1997 when he and his Muslim family came to the U.S. from Bosnia, having escaped war and violence at the hands of Christian Serbs. “Our farm was burned down, we had to flee,” the 24-year-old said. “Me and my mom and brother were hiding out in some school somewhere. All the men were conscripted … one of my uncles didn’t make it.” But Alemic voted for Trump and shares the president’s views on refugees. A software developer who grew up in New York and moved to Seattle to work in tech, he said Muslim refugees from Iraq and Syria today pose greater risks than those from Bosnia did two decades ago. “There are differences between now and other times when refugees were coming,” he said. “There’s no question about whether some (of today’s) refugees would potentially commit terrorist acts or want to do harm.” About 5 million people have fled Syria, and 6 million are internally displaced after six years of war. Half are children. Most Syrian refugees are still in the Middle East.     Almir Alemic’s experience as a Bosnian refugee helped shape his political views. “There’s a lot of people who still don’t feel completely American,” Alemic, 24, says. (Bettina Hansen & Corinne Chin / The Seattle Times) In the early 1990s, Almir Alemic’s family became refugees and settled in upstate New York. He supports President Trump’s proposed travel ban. “Even though the vast majority of refugees are (just) people,” he said, “it really doesn’t take that many people to do harm.” (Bettina Hansen/The Seattle Times) Almir Alemic Almir Alemic’s family escaped war-torn Bosnia and came to the U.S. when he was 4. Though his family roots are Muslim, Alemic says “there are differences” between his family’s situation and Muslim refugees now. “We have no way of checking whether they have terrorist ties,” he said. For many refugees, Alemic said, “There’s this assumption they want to come to the U.S., but what people really want is their own country fixed.”   Trump’s January order to suspend refugee admissions for 120 days, Syrian refugee admissions indefinitely and entries in general by people from seven Muslim-majority countries was blocked in court, as was a revised order in March. Alemic disagrees with those who say Trump has sought a “Muslim ban.” The president’s orders have targeted unstable nations while leaving out many Muslim-majority countries, he said. Initially a backer of Bernie Sanders for president, he said he was drawn to Trump in part because he disliked Hillary Clinton, whom he considered an establishment candidate. Alemic believes most refugees are good people but says he worries about bad apples. “We don’t have a database of all the people in the world and their histories, so we have no way of checking whether they have terrorist ties,” he said. Unlike many other immigrants, refugees don’t want to leave home, Alemic said. Some Bosnian refugees have moved back to their country since the 1990s. The U.S. should help Syrians by making it possible for them to stay in their native land, he said. “There’s this assumption they want to come to the U.S., but what people really want is their own country fixed,” he said. “They want the option to stay.” Had she stayed, what would Mahri Haider’s life have been? That’s something she thinks about. Related Iraqi refugees struggle with old trauma in new life Haider, 36, left Afghanistan for a refugee camp in Pakistan, then came to the U.S. in 1984 at age 3. The Soviet Union had invaded, and her father, who had studied in the U.S. and was working with Americans, feared for his family. Growing up in the Seattle area, Haider’s background was a nuisance to her — she didn’t know much about it and it made her stick out at school. Haider remembers her mother dressing her in an ornate Afghan outfit and her classmates teasing her by running by and flipping the tassels. It wasn’t until she was a teenager that something clicked. She read about the Taliban regime banning Afghan girls from going to school. “I did a report on the Taliban and it kind of blew my mind,” said Haider, now a doctor who works with immigrants and refugees at Harborview Medical Center’s International Medicine Clinic.     Mahri Haider, a primary-care physician at the International Medicine Clinic at Harborview Medical Center, talks with Fakhredin Mahmoudi Darvishbaghal about his son Ilghar, 22, center. Mother Jila Talebialishah is next to Ilghar; brother Elshan, 14, is at left. They are recent refugees from a small town in Iran and were connected with the clinic through the Refugee Health Promotion Project. (Bettina Hansen/The Seattle Times) Mahri Haider, center, with her mother, left, and older sister, right, refugees from Afghanistan, fly to the United States in 1984. (Courtesy of Mahri Haider) Mahri Haider Mahri Haider, whose family left Afghanistan during the Soviet invasion, knows she would’ve had a vastly different life if they’d stayed. As a teenager, “I did a report on the Taliban and it kind of blew my mind,” said Haider, now a doctor who works with immigrants and refugees. “Despite all the loss and uncertainty, most of the refugees I work with are appreciative and hardworking and just really delightful people.”   “That was when I realized that I was living this alternate life. I was going to school, getting an amazing education, taking calculus, taking philosophy. I realized my life would have been very different had my parents not come here.” She added, “I started to appreciate the opportunities I had been given and I started to think about those girls who didn’t get to come.” Haider understands why refugees are vetted before entering the U.S. But at Harborview, she’s focused on keeping refugees healthy. Some of the patients have been tortured. Many have lost relatives. “The average person who doesn’t know any refugees probably doesn’t realize what the experience is like. Going through war. Being displaced. Being torn away from your family,” she said. “Despite all the loss and uncertainty, most of the refugees I work with are appreciative and hardworking and just really delightful people.” Haider added, “Had Donald Trump not been born in the U.S., what would his life be? I’m not saying we have to give them everything. But just allowing them to come here and to struggle is a lovely gift we can give.”   Under suspicion A refugee is someone who has been forced to flee, and someone who must adapt. In Vietnam, Wong’s father was an Army colonel. In Fresno, Calif., he worked in a car wash and as a janitor and machinist. Related Unsettled: Immigrants search for their ‘forever’ homes in Seattle Such stories are common. Haider’s father, who was a businessman in Afghanistan, began his American life working in a mail room. Integrating is part of the refugee experience, though some face more obstacles than others. In normal times, Nur doesn’t identify first as a refugee. She goes to school, cares for her sons and works as an education specialist at a nonprofit that provides support to immigrants from all over the world. She speaks several languages. “I’m a mom. I’m Somali American. I work at Neighborhood House,” she said. “Then I’m a refugee.” Lately, her background has seemed more important. About this story After President Trump issued an executive order suspending the admission of refugees, The Seattle Times invited people in the Seattle area with refugee backgrounds to share their thoughts and experiences. The people interviewed for this story were among dozens who responded. You can share your family’s story here. Unlike Alemic, whose workmates were surprised when he told them he’d been brought up Muslim, Nur is more easily recognized as such because she wears a headscarf. She’s heard of people in her community being harassed — told to go back to their countries. The current political climate and Trump’s attempted bans disappoint her. “Refugees, we are victim of war. We are victim of extremists,” Nur said. It can be difficult to tell for sure who might be a threat. But, she said, for people who have left terror behind, being looked at with suspicion, “It’s very hard to take.”   From left: Thuc Truong, father of Julie Wong, in his military portrait taken in 1955 in Vietnam; Julie Wong’s childhood passport photo from April 1975; and a portrait of her mother, TucThi Truong, from 1964. (Courtesy of Julie Wong) News researcher Miyoko Wolf and social media producer Helga Salinas contributed to this report. Daniel Beekman: 206-464-2164 or dbeekman@seattletimes.com. Twitter @DBeekman. Next Story Podcast: Attorney General Bob Ferguson on confronting Trump, chess and his political future Previous Story ‘Drogon’ the ant on annual Top 10 list of new species Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman The Employee Engagement Awards announces its expansion into Africa. Its fourth continent in three years Open to entries from companies and organisations based on the African continent Awards and Conference to be hosted in Johannesburg late 2017. London – May 19, 2017 – The Employee Engagement Awards (EE Awards) today announced its first license agreement to launch The EE Awards across the continent of Africa. The agreement is with the South African based executive leadership advisory company Landelahni, led by Sandra Burmeister. The EE Awards was established by CEO and Founder Matt Manners in the UK mid 2014. Established to shine a light on the inspiring work being done in engagement, whilst communicating to the boardroom the value it can deliver to employees and communities, as well as the bottom line. In the short three years from conception The EE Awards has a local presence across the whole of Europe, North America, Australasia and now Africa. There are also three new regions being explored to launch as early as 2018. The business has evolved from purely recognition with Awards to education via best practice case studies and thought-leadership at its conferences around the world. These best practices will soon be shared online via our website www.ee-awards.com from June 2017. The EE Awards has worked with and seen finalists from companies such as: BMW, Boeing, Cisco, Direct Line, Expedia, Ford, IBM, KPMG, Lloyds Bank, MasterCard, MetLife, Microsoft, PwC, Ralph Lauren, Slack, Visa, Virgin and many more. Matt Manners stated, “Today is a landmark for The EE Awards. As we approach our third year anniversary we have signed our first license agreement to launch on our fourth continent. This is an agreement that will take us to a part of the world where Employee Engagement can have a real and dramatic impact on the lives of workers. Landelahni’s vision for the African EE Awards is inspiring and focused on delivering a real human impact through good practice in engagement, within all types of employers across the continent. The EE Awards model of recognition and education is based on local experiences and culturally relevant practices. We will be working closely with them to make year one a great success.” To register your interest in The 2017 African EE Awards & Conference in Johannesburg then please visit our site www.ee-awards.com ahead of the official opening of the African site in early June. Event dates and information will be released directly by The African EE Awards team in the next fortnight. Watch this space. Tricia Sibbons, COO, The African EE Awards, commented, “we are delighted to be joining the global EE Awards family, who have established an outstanding practice and presence in the employee engagement sector. As we celebrate Africa Month here, we are confident that bringing African voices to this work will deepen engagement practice across the globe”. The 2017 North American Employee Engagement Conference is set for June 08, 2017 in Chicago. Tickets are still available with 40% off at – https://us.ee-awards.com/conference -ENDS- The Employee Engagement Awards (EE Awards) is the first and only global, dedicated Employee Engagement Awards & conference initiative. We believe in inspiring and educating people to remake the way organisations think about, and engage, people to achieve their purpose. That’s why we created and continue to improve the Employee Engagement Awards; to provide a platform to recognise excellence in engagement that inspires action and drives the industry and the employee experience forward. Entering, and hopefully winning, The EE Awards will provide you with industry acknowledgement and an important competitive advantage to attract the best talent. For more information on The Employee Engagement Awards: Matt Manners + 1 (212) 380-1246 +44 (0) 7799876473 matt@ee-awards.com www.ee-awards.com @ee_awards LinkedIn Group: The Employee Engagement Awards Tricia Sibbons + 27 82 481 8751 tricia@ee-awards.com www.ee-awards.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Trailer Wizards Ltd. Appoints Bryan Burningham as Director of Maintenance Next PostNext 2017-2021 Ethanol Diesel Blend Fuel Market Research and Industry Analysis Report Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
National PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News World Israel & The Middle East World TRENDINGReal estate | Lotto Max | Russia | Trump | Tory leadership race | The New War on Cancer A gas station in space: New plans call for mine on Moon to turn ice into rocket fuel for Mars missions Gary Li, Danielle DeLatte, Jerome Gilleron, Therese Jones and Samuel Wald, The Conversation | May 18, 2017 2:01 PM ET More from The Conversation Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Forty-five years have passed since humans last set foot on an extraterrestrial body. Now, the moon is back at the centre of efforts not only to explore space, but to create a permanent, independent space-faring society. Planning expeditions to Earth’s nearest celestial neighbour is no longer just a NASA effort, though the U.S. space agency has plans for a moon-orbiting space station that would serve as a staging ground for Mars missions in the early 2030s. The United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing, is planning a lunar fueling station for spacecraft, capable of supporting 1,000 people living in space within 30 years. Billionaires Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos and Robert Bigelow all have companies aiming to deliver people or goods to the moon. Several teams competing for a share of Google’s US$30 million cash prize are planning to launch rovers to the moon. We and 27 other students from around the world recently participated in the 2017 Caltech Space Challenge, proposing designs of what a lunar launch and supply station for deep space missions might look like, and how it would work. Right now all space missions are based on, and launched from, Earth. But Earth’s gravitational pull is strong. To escape Earth’s gravity, a rocket has to be traveling 11 kilometers a second – 40,000 kilometres per hour! Any rocket leaving Earth has to carry all the fuel it will ever use to get to its destination and, if needed, back again. That fuel is heavy – and getting it moving at such high speeds takes a lot of energy. If we could refuel in orbit, that launch energy could lift more people or cargo or scientific equipment into orbit. Then the spacecraft could refuel in space, where Earth’s gravity is less powerful. The moon has one-sixth the gravity of Earth, which makes it an attractive alternative base. The moon also has ice, which we already know how to process into a hydrogen-oxygen propellant that we use in many modern rockets. NASA’s Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter and Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite missions have already found substantial amounts of ice in permanently shadowed craters on the moon. Those locations would be tricky to mine because they are colder and offer no sunlight to power roving vehicles. However, we could install big mirrors on the craters’ rims to illuminate solar panels in the permanently shadowed regions. Rovers from Google’s Lunar X Prize competition and NASA’s Lunar Resource Prospector, set to launch in 2020, would also contribute to finding good locations to mine ice. Depending on where the best ice reserves are, we might need to build several small robotic moon bases. Each one would mine ice, manufacture liquid propellant and transfer it to passing spacecraft. Our team developed plans to accomplish those tasks with three different types of rovers. Our plans also require a few small robotic shuttles to meet up with nearby deep-space mission vehicles in lunar orbit. One rover, which we call the Prospector, would explore the moon and find ice-bearing locations. A second rover, the Constructor, would follow along behind, building a launch pad and packing down roadways to ease movements for the third rover type, the Miners, which actually collect the ice and deliver it to nearby storage tanks and an electrolysis processing plant that splits water into hydrogen and oxygen. The Constructor would also build a landing pad where the small near-moon transport spacecraft we call Lunar Resupply Shuttles would arrive to collect fuel for delivery as newly launched spacecraft pass by the moon. The shuttles would burn moon-made fuel and would have advanced guidance and navigation systems to travel between lunar bases and their target spacecraft. When enough fuel is being produced, and the shuttle delivery system is tested and reliable, our plan calls for building a gas station in space. The shuttles would deliver ice directly to the orbiting fuel depot, where it would be processed into fuel and where rockets heading to Mars or elsewhere could dock to top up. The depot would have large solar arrays powering an electrolysis module for melting the ice and then turning the water into fuel, and large fuel tanks to store what’s made. NASA is already working on most of the technology needed for a depot like this, including docking and fuel transfer. We anticipate a working depot could be ready in the early 2030s, just in time for the first human missions to Mars. To be most useful and efficient, the depot should be located in a stable orbit relatively near both the Earth and the moon. The Earth-moon Lagrangian Point 1 (L1) is a point in space about 85 percent of the way from Earth to the moon, where the force of Earth’s gravity would exactly equal the force of the moon’s gravity pulling in the other direction. It’s the perfect pit stop for a spacecraft on its way to Mars or the outer planets. Our team also found a fuel-efficient way to get spacecraft from Earth orbit to the depot at L1, requiring even less launch fuel and freeing up more lift energy for cargo items. First, the spacecraft would launch from Earth into Low Earth Orbit with an empty propellant tank. Then, the spacecraft and its cargo could be towed from Low Earth Orbit to the depot at L1 using a solar electric propulsion tug, a spacecraft largely propelled by solar-powered electric thrusters. This would let us triple the payload delivery to Mars. At present, a human Mars mission is estimated to cost as much as US$100 billion, and will need hundreds of tons of cargo. Delivering more cargo from Earth to Mars with fewer rocket launches would save billions of dollars and years of time. Building a gas station between Earth and the moon would also reduce costs for missions beyond Mars. NASA is looking for extraterrestrial life on the moons of Saturn and Jupiter. Future spacecraft could carry much more cargo if they could refuel in space – who knows what scientific discoveries sending large exploration vehicles to these moons could enable? By helping us escape both Earth’s gravity and dependence on its resources, a lunar gas station could be the first small step toward the giant leap into making humanity an interplanetary civilization. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Gary Li is Ph.D. Candidate in Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering at the University of California, Los Angeles. Danielle DeLatte is a Ph.D. Student in Aeronautics & Astronautics at the University of Tokyo. Jerome Gilleron is a Ph.D. Candidate in Aerospace Engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology. Samuel Wald is a Ph.D. Student in Aeronautics and Astronautics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Therese Jones is Ph.D. Candidate in Public Policy at Pardee RAND Graduate School.   Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: News, World, Mars, moon, NASA, Space Travel World Videos Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
Client Login Receiver Login Issue Release Services The Process SMNR Pricing Partners Why RealWire? Testimonials RealStories PR Filter Knowledge About Our Story The Team RealWire News Contact Enquiries PR Sign Up Receiver Sign Up Twitter FeedsRealWire Limited Delivering Relevance, Releasing Influence Send Release|Receive Releases|Archive|FAQ's RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Issue Date 19 May 2017 Release Feed RSS FeedEmployee Engagement Awards Feed Share Release Tweet Facebook LinkedIn blink it Reddit! Stumble It! Add to Diigo Bookmark this on Delicious Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Press Release The Employee Engagement Awards announces its expansion into Africa. Its fourth continent in three years Open to entries from companies and organisations based on the African continent Awards and Conference to be hosted in Johannesburg late 2017. London - May 19, 2017 – The Employee Engagement Awards (EE Awards) today announced its first license agreement to launch The EE Awards across the continent of Africa. The agreement is with the South African based executive leadership advisory company Landelahni, led by Sandra Burmeister. The EE Awards was established by CEO and Founder Matt Manners in the UK mid 2014. Established to shine a light on the inspiring work being done in engagement, whilst communicating to the boardroom the value it can deliver to employees and communities, as well as the bottom line. In the short three years from conception The EE Awards has a local presence across the whole of Europe, North America, Australasia and now Africa. There are also three new regions being explored to launch as early as 2018. The business has evolved from purely recognition with Awards to education via best practice case studies and thought-leadership at its conferences around the world. These best practices will soon be shared online via our website www.ee-awards.com from June 2017. The EE Awards has worked with and seen finalists from companies such as: BMW, Boeing, Cisco, Direct Line, Expedia, Ford, IBM, KPMG, Lloyds Bank, MasterCard, MetLife, Microsoft, PwC, Ralph Lauren, Slack, Visa, Virgin and many more. Matt Manners stated, “Today is a landmark for The EE Awards. As we approach our third year anniversary we have signed our first license agreement to launch on our fourth continent. This is an agreement that will take us to a part of the world where Employee Engagement can have a real and dramatic impact on the lives of workers. Landelahni’s vision for the African EE Awards is inspiring and focused on delivering a real human impact through good practice in engagement, within all types of employers across the continent. The EE Awards model of recognition and education is based on local experiences and culturally relevant practices. We will be working closely with them to make year one a great success.” To register your interest in The 2017 African EE Awards & Conference in Johannesburg then please visit our site www.ee-awards.com ahead of the official opening of the African site in early June. Event dates and information will be released directly by The African EE Awards team in the next fortnight. Watch this space. Tricia Sibbons, COO, The African EE Awards, commented, “we are delighted to be joining the global EE Awards family, who have established an outstanding practice and presence in the employee engagement sector. As we celebrate Africa Month here, we are confident that bringing African voices to this work will deepen engagement practice across the globe”. The 2017 North American Employee Engagement Conference is set for June 08, 2017 in Chicago. Tickets are still available with 40% off at - https://us.ee-awards.com/conference -ENDS- The Employee Engagement Awards (EE Awards) is the first and only global, dedicated Employee Engagement Awards & conference initiative. We believe in inspiring and educating people to remake the way organisations think about, and engage, people to achieve their purpose. That's why we created and continue to improve the Employee Engagement Awards; to provide a platform to recognise excellence in engagement that inspires action and drives the industry and the employee experience forward. Entering, and hopefully winning, The EE Awards will provide you with industry acknowledgement and an important competitive advantage to attract the best talent. For more information on The Employee Engagement Awards: Matt Manners + 1 (212) 380-1246 +44 (0) 7799876473 matt@ee-awards.com www.ee-awards.com @ee_awards LinkedIn Group: The Employee Engagement Awards Tricia Sibbons + 27 82 481 8751 tricia@ee-awards.com www.ee-awards.com Contact us +44 (0)1522 883640Follow us RSSTwitterLinkedInVimeoYouTube Copyright © 2011 - 2017 Realwire Limited, all rights reserved.Privacy Policy   |   Disclaimer
Print XClose Press Information Bureau Government of India Ministry of Defence 19-May-2017 15:34 IST Air Marshal PN Pradhan AVSM Took Over as DCIDS (OPS), HQ IDS on 12 May 17         Air Marshal PN Pradhan AVSM took over as Deputy Chief of Integrated Defence Staff (Operations), HQ IDS. He was commissioned as a pilot in the Transport stream of the Indian Air Force in 1981. Whilst posted at transport squadrons, he qualified on all operational roles, especially in forward areas and ALGs in the North-East and J&K. He is a Qualified Flying Instructor and has been a pilot examiner on the Boeing and AN-32 aircraft. He was closely associated with the induction and operationalisation of Embraer-135, BBJ and C-130 fleets in the IAF.  He has had four command tenures including command of two operational bases & an Air Force Selection Board. He has held several important appointments at Command and Air Headquarters which include Assistant Chief of Air Staff (Transport and Helicopters) and Assistant Chief of Air Staff (Personal Airmen & Civilians) at Air Headquarters and served as the Senior Air Staff Officer of Southern Air Command. For his distinguished service of an exceptionally high order he was awarded Ati Vishisht Seva Medal on 26 Jan 2014.   AB/BRB
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump and Melania escape DC scandalfest for nine-day foreign tour - the first since they entered the White House - with Jared and Ivanka in tow. Next stop, Saudi Arabia . . . Fired FBI director agrees to testify in front of Senate intel committee after it's revealed Trump bragged to Russians that he had fired 'nut job' Comey and it would 'take the pressure' off election probe Senior White House adviser is person of interest in FBI's Russia probe 'I'm convinced Trump is nuts': Father of fired FBI Director James Comey defends his son and say he was never 'crazy' about the president  Family of murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich threaten private investigator with legal action after he claimed the 27-year-old 'had WikiLeaks links' only to recant his comments a day later PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The tragedy of room 1136 - How Chris Cornell ended his life as Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend smashed down the door to help him after giving him two Ativans before his suicide REVEALED: Jared Kushner 'personally called Lockheed Martin CEO to get better price for the Saudis in $100bn arms deals ahead of visit to the kingdom' White House lawyers are 'consulting experts to research impeachment procedures' Terrified passengers subdue Turkish man on American Airlines flight from LA to Honolulu after he tried to break into cockpit Draft of Trump's Saudi speech calls terror fight 'a battle between good and evil' - but omits the magic phrase 'radical Islamic terrorism' and says 'we are not here to lecture' Arabs Dramatic moment straphangers save young woman who fainted and tumbled onto Boston subway track moments before train roared in Five people remain hospitalized - including a mother-of-three who was left paralyzed - after eating nacho cheese from a gas station and getting botulism 'Moon dust' from Apollo 11 mission that was sold for $995 is now worth $4million as it heads to auction  Iranian President Hassan Rouhani leads in country's election with initial count of 58 percent  Illegal immigrant who went to UConn is arrested for 103 counts of anti-Trump vandalism around the school Aaron Hernandez threatened 'to kill a guard and his family and fought an inmate who spit in his face' during his two years in jail, new disciplinary report reveals  New dilemma for Trump: Will he ask the UK to extradite Julian Assange or let Wikileaks founder slip away? EXCLUSIVE: Judge dismisses 'clock boy' lawsuit saying the school didn't discriminate against Muslim teen when his teacher called the police because she thought he made a bomb Man, 57, 'removes transgender woman's testicles with Army surgical kit during illicit 90-minute procedure she asked him to perform at her apartment'  Two police commanders are demoted to captains for 'leaking body camera footage' of controversial arrest of a black woman and her daughters Cuban armed robber who turned his life around after being mistakenly paroled 90 years early is pardoned by Colorado governor to stop him being deported 'I have a sickness': Weeping Anthony Weiner begs for forgiveness as he pleads guilty to sexting a girl, 15, accepts a prison sentence of up to 27 months and registers as a SEX OFFENDER, as Huma stays away Huma Abedin FINALLY files for divorce from 'sick' Anthony Weiner on SAME DAY he appears in court while wearing his wedding ring to plead guilty to sexting girl, 15 and face two years in jail Stampede at New York's Barclays Center during Future concert after 'loud boom' prompts fears of gun shots  Previous Next US Air Force slams China as 'unprofessional' after fighter jets flew upside down while intercepting an American plane over the East China Sea Two Chinese SU-30 jets approached a WC-135 Constant Phoenix team at speed The move was branded unprofessional due to the speed and proximity to plane Wouldn't have been out of place as a Tom Cruise stunt as Maverick in Top Gun US officials said it is the latest in a string of similar incidents recently in China  By Gareth Davies For Mailonline Published: 01:14 EDT, 19 May 2017 | Updated: 15:37 EDT, 19 May 2017 e-mail 18 shares 34 View comments The US Air Force has slammed Chinese fighter pilots for an unprofessional manoeuvre involving a jet flying upside down to intercept an American plane.  On Wednesday, the two Chinese SU-30 jets approached a WC-135 Constant Phoenix aircraft - a modified Boeing C-135 - conducting a routine mission in international airspace in accordance with international law. The move was described by the US pilots as unprofessional due to the actions of their Chinese counterparts, who were travelling at high speeds and came worryingly close to the American planes.   The incident over the East Chine Sea would not have been out of place in a re-make of Top Gun, where Tom Cruise's character Maverick's wild streak sees him carry out similar stunts.   WC-135W Constant Phoenix aircraft during flight in an undated handout by the US Air Force Two Chinese SU-30 fighter jets take off from an unspecified location to fly a patrol over the South China Sea Pacific Air Forces spokeswoman Lieutenant Colonel Lori Hodge said in a statement the incident was the latest in a series of such moves that have raised US concerns in an already tense region. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Ships lining up for battle, soldiers battling snow and tanks... Inside the 'luxury' Honduras prison where notorious MS-13... Share this article Share The WC-135 crew characterized the intercept as unprofessional 'due to the maneuvers by the Chinese pilot, as well as the speeds and proximity of both aircraft,' Hodge said. She declined to provide further details and said the issue would be addressed with China through 'appropriate diplomatic and military channels'. 'We would rather discuss it privately with China,' Hodge said in an email. Kelly McGillis and Tom Cruise as Maverick in the 1986 cult movie Top Gun 'This will allow us to continue building confidence with our Chinese counterparts on expected manoeuvering to avoid mishaps.' China declared an air defense identification zone over a large section of the East China Sea in 2013, a move the US called illegitimate and has refused to recognize. China has demanded foreign aircraft operating within the zone declare their intentions and follow Chinese instructions.  Hodge declined to say whether Wednesday's incident was within the self-declared Chinese zone. 'US military aircraft routinely transit international airspace throughout the Pacific, including the East China Sea,' she said.  'This flight was no exception.' China's Ministry of National Defense did not immediately respond to a request for comment. Unexpected and unsafe intercepts involving U.S. and Chinese military aircraft have occurred occasionally over the South China Sea, which China claims virtually in its entirety.  Although China says it respects freedom of navigation in the strategically vital area, it objects to US military activities, especially the collection of signals intelligence by US craft operating near the coast of its southern island province of Hainan, home to several military installations. In recent years, the sides have signed a pair of agreements aimed at preventing such encounters from sparking an international crisis, as happened in April 2001 when a Chinese jet fighter collided with a US surveillance plane over the South China Sea, leading to the death of the Chinese pilot and China's detention of the 24 US crew members for 10 days. Share or comment on this article e-mail 18 shares Most watched News videos Laying low: Lady fakes road accident when car is still far away Dozens of MS-13 gang members rounded up in Los Angeles raid Watch Karen Pence's wild swing dance in Montana Putin offers to share transcripts of Russia's Trump meeting Moments after convoy is hit near the southern town of Tanf Must watch video of shotgunning a beer with a real gun Weiner leaves court after pleading guilty to sexting a minor Huge wave smashes into daredevil who slacklines above rocky waters Former FBI director Mueller named to investigate Trump’s Russia ties Former Fox News CEO Roger Ailes dies at 77 at his Florida home No, NO, Next Question! Trump denies firing Comey over Flynn probe Adorable baby galago leaps in the air for slow motion video Chilling ISIS video shows a terrorist who appears to be... Is this Formula One's next racing great? Speed demon Lila... University student caught violently kicking a little girl... High school cheerleader says she was denied valedictorian... Man's best friend reunited: The heartwarming moment dog... New dilemma for Trump: Will he ask the UK to extradite... Tanzanian woman who made her fortune by pretending to be... Turnabout in the FBI sweepstakes as Democrats line up... Eighth grader, 14, saves her mom's life by recognizing... Florida mother is arrested for abandoning her... High school teacher and volleyball coach, 31, is accused... 'I think my dad sells drugs': Boy, 11, calls 911 after... Female teacher, 42, at all-girls Catholic school is... Two women and a child are injured after falling 18ft from... Meet the Baudinet FIVE! Phoenix quintuplets are finally... Three teens including ex-high school quarterback are... Trump says Russia probe 'hurts our country terribly' and... Workers in helmets and bullet proof vests prepare to take... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 34 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Mini-me! Matching Beyonce and daughter Blue Ivy goof about at the Museum Of Ice Cream with Jay-Z on Mother's Day Rocked floral dresses  Taking the plunge! Katy Perry puts ample cleavage on display in sparkling black jumpsuit as she steps out in NYC ahead of her appearance on SNL  Windswept! Nicky Hilton flashes a very pert posterior as she falls victim to gust of wind during stroll with daughter Lily Grace in New York's Soho Hot mama! Amanda Seyfried shows off killer post-baby bod as she attends Twin Peaks premiere...just two months after welcoming first child Bombshell in black! Gwyneth Paltrow hits fashion high note in slinky off-the-shoulder jumpsuit at Goop event Showed off her enviably trim figure  Family funday! Eva Mendes makes rare public outing as she joins Ryan Gosling at the playground with their daughters Doting mother and father Feeling nostalgic? Mariah Carey posts sentimental flashback snap of her with ex Bryan Tanaka...more than a month after calling it quits Watch this space (age)! Braless Kendall Jenner opts for futuristic glamour with suggestive corseted gown and dripping jewels at Cannes bash Wonder what she sees in him! Baywatch star Kelly Rohrbach is dating billionaire Walmart heir who gives her 'flying lessons on his personal plane' Mamma Mia - here we go again! Abba musical sequel gets July 2018 release date... with original cast returning The sequel will feature some old favorites  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE! Penelope Cruz shows off her toned figure in black swimsuit on a break from filming Versace biopic Making a splash! New mom Irina Shayk leaves little to the imagination in yellow thong bikini as she swims in crystal clear water By her side! Ellen DeGeneres keeps it casual in plaid as she goes for stroll with stylish wife Portia De Rossi Time off from her show  'Where's mom?' Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa takes another social media swipe at ex Christina... at their kids' school open house Tension after split  A sheer delight! Sofia Vergara slips into colorful see-through maxi skirt and figure-hugging top for outing in Beverly Hills Flaunted her shape Kim Zolciak and family join Chrissy Teigen at John Legend gig after THAT oral sex offer about daughter Brielle There weren't any sexual favors on the night 'Me at 15 when I discovered push up bras': Paris Hilton shares flashback snap of herself wearing gravity-defying underwear  Sending temperatures soaring! Khloe Kardashian showcases gym-honed figure in nude top and skin-tight jeans as she steps out with Kourtney 'Thank you for inspiring me': Lady Gaga posts heartfelt tribute to Grigio Girls pal Sonja Durham who died after battle with cancer Emotional message  Keeping it real! Makeup-free Lisa Rinna steps out in bandanna and furry slides for outing with daughter Amelia Stepped out in LA Baywatch hunk Zac Efron and co-star Alexandria Daddario arrive at Sydney's Bondi for fan meet-and-greet after denying romance rumors Solange plays two sold-out shows of her new performance piece An Ode To at the Guggenheim in New York City Oh no she Ha-didn't! Model Bella wows on the Cannes red carpet yet again as she steps out in a slinky backless silver dress with a daring thigh-high split  Sassy at 70! Glenn Close and Sally Field show off their style as they lead the stars attending Drama League Awards in NYC In the line of fire! Clint Eastwood signs autographs after being mobbed by fans dressed in KARATE uniforms while dining out in Antibes 13 Reasons Why (she loves the beach)! Kate Walsh, 49, strips to her bikini as she soaks up the Ibiza sun before filming second season of hit show EXCLUSIVE: The tragedy of room 1136 - How Chris Cornell ended his life as Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend smashed down door to help him after giving him Ativan Fit and fantastic! Anne Hathaway shows off toned arms in a sleeveless tank top after hitting the gym Showcased her dedication to exercise  A satin disaster, marabou madness, toilet brush holder chic and garish gold:  Three Victorias... Silvstedt, Bonya and Hervey lead frock horrors at Cannes  Naomi Campbell, 46, puts on a sartorially savvy display in a plunging glittering gown as she attends The 9th Annual Filmmakers Dinner in Cannes Belle of the ball! Rihanna flashes her toned pins in Victorian-inspired gown while hosting Chopard Party in Cannes Bookish charm: Singer Cody Simpson looks studious and stylish in edgy ensemble as he steps out in Hollywood with a pal Woman of the hour Eva Longoria steals the show in striking white ruffled gown as she hosts THIRD Global Gift Gala of the week at the Cannes Film Festival Curl power! Jennifer Lopez rocks ringlets and NYPD uniform while filming Shades Of Blue The Bronx native was hard at work during filming in New York  Paris Jackson rocks boho chic in peasant blouse and baggy harem pants as she joins pals for dinner Showed off her own sense of style  Justin Theroux and Jennifer Aniston sue neighbor who 'tried to intimidate them' over noisy renovations to their New York home Bella Hadid sizzles in scarlet backless gown as Rihanna opts for bridal-chic in a dramatic ivory dress at the Cannes Film Festival premiere of Okja Winnie Harlow flaunts her sensationally leggy figure in stunning red split ballgown as she steals the spotlight at Chopard bash in Cannes  He can't hide! Mickey Rourke shows off his chest ink as he wears camouflage ensemble for lunch in LA He wore a half-unzipped green hoodie Lupita Nyong'o dresses for summer in '20s-inspired drop waist dress as she makes an appearance at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival So that's her secret! Megan Fox looks slender in KISS shirt as she leaves yoga session... nine months after welcoming third baby Journey Ariel Winter sports waist-length braid and tiny denim cut-offs at private gym with boyfriend Levi Meaden Showed off a hint of her new red hair  'I didn't even know it existed': Hugh Jackman admits he didn't realise wolverine is a real animal and mistakenly researched WOLVES to prepare for iconic role Sun's out, tum's out! Sofia Richie flashes her toned abs in a cropped gypsy top as she steps out for lunch Lional Richie's daughter showcased her shape  Pippa's copy Kate wedding: There's a fly-past, the bride has TWO dresses and there's even talk of a balcony kiss  Won't be second best PLATELL'S PEOPLE: Pippa Middleton's wedding is big on money and short on class With 300 'close' family and friends and 17lb of Beluga caviar As he polishes his SECOND big father of the bride speech, why Michael Middleton's the dad who can't wait for it all to be over (again) The pressure is on  First Lady fashion face off! Melania Trump stuns in an orange leather skirt and sky-high heels while Ivanka opts for a ladylike floral dress as they join president 'I'm a little bit scared': Baywatch hunk Zac Efron steps out of his acting comfort zone to play NOTORIOUS serial killer Ted Bundy James Packer's stunning ex-wife Erica Packer spotted with mystery man near her Beverly Hills home as model gives him a very friendly backside pat  Preppy in a polo! Selma Blair shows off her equestrian skills as she trots off on her horse Dark in Los Angeles Has been an equestrian fan since she was a teen Julianne Moore gives a saucy flash of her cleavage in plunging velvet gown as she makes radiant arrival at Chopard party in Cannes Sophisticated look  Those bedroom eyes! Topless Kylie Jenner tries out a pixie hairdo while lounging around in smoldering shoot  Artsy low definition black and white photos 'It's another level of extreme waiting': Model Shanina Shaik has caught the acting bug after filming alongside Tom Cruise in The Mummy Sun worshipper! Hilaria Baldwin wears cut-off shorts and pumps as she enjoys NYC's warm weather... while Alec shoots her a confused look Olga Kurylenko shows off svelte figure in chic jumpsuit with risque star cut-outs as she attends annual Filmmakers Dinner in Cannes Style Swoon: From Emily Ratajkowski's Brigitte Bardot-inspired look to Bella Hadid's favorite jeans, FEMAIL reveals the fashions we're loving this week Petra Nemcová risks ANOTHER wardrobe in perilously slashed gown as she bares endless legs and a peek of sideboob at Chopard Cannes bash Adriana Lima is the picture of sophistication in an embellished cape dress as she arrives at Chopard party during Cannes Film Festival  Stunning strapless gown Splurge session! Khloe Kardashian and Kris Jenner are matching in black as they burn their Keeping Up With The Kardashians paychecks in Beverly Hills  Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend was the bodyguard who gave Chris Cornell two Ativans before his suicide and found his dead body  'Good golly I love you!': Sarah Jessica Parker shares romantic note on 20-YEAR wedding anniversary to Matthew Broderick... after filming Divorce Beaming Elle Fanning is caught off guard by a gust of wind as she slips into a nude pink floor-length frock for another outing at Cannes Film Festival Fatboy Slim cuts a gaunt figure as he steps out in Brighton... eight months after splitting from ex-wife Zoe Ball The pair separated in September  Supermodel Eva Herzigova leads the glamour in thigh-skimming black evening dress at star-studded Cannes Film Festival dinner A model routine! From the exfoliation ritual she does at the BEACH to the drugstore buys she's never without, Miranda Kerr spills her beauty secrets Giving them the slip! Jennifer Lawrence leaves her beau Darren Aronofsky's New York City home wearing same dress for second day in a row Brandi Glanville leaves her bra at home as she flashes her assets in a denim mini-dress at dinner with her billionaire beau DJ Friese Spinning around! Cannes Film Festival jury member Jessica Chastain twirls in a sweeping purple fringed dress at the premiere of new Netflix drama Okja She's gone Hollywood! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa sports Kardashian-style boots after getting tattoos that resemble Angelina Jolie's Smitten Jamie Bell bestows his fiancée Kate Mara with flowers as they steal a kiss while heading out with his three-year-old son in Los Angeles PICTURE EXCLUSIVE:  Meghan Markle drops into a London spa for some last-minute pampering hours before joining Harry at Pippa Middleton's wedding Last minute errands? Duchess of Cambridge is spotted driving her Range Rover through London as she prepares to watch sister Pippa tie the knot  Julianne Moore looks typically chic in shimmering black dress with thigh-high split as she attends Okja premiere at Cannes Film Festival Molly Sims oozes glamour in sweeping off-shoulder ball gown as she attends Ojka premiere at Cannes Film Festival Amazing post-baby body Juliette Binoche, 53, showcases her ageless complexion as she graces the Cannes Film Festival red carpet in a semi-sheer floor-length gown 'I tried to get through to Paris but her mother told me to eff off': Why the Oliver! star who says he's the biological father of Michael Jackson's daughter can't see her Did Kylie Jenner get her look from BRATZ DOLLS? Women are crediting the toy's over-the-top make-up for inspiring today's beauty trends Rosie O'Donnell says Trump fans hound her children, revealing teenagers have even threatened to grab her daughter's 'p****'  Is a strong critic  Lily Collins and Tilda Swinton ooze glamour at the Cannes Film Festival premiere of Okja... after their new movie caused chaos during its first screening Where it all began: How James Matthews wooed Pippa Middleton on the luxury island of St Barths and turned a ten-year friendship into a whirlwind romance  EXCLUSIVE: Princess Beatrice's ex Dave Clark gets engaged to blonde American advertising executive Lynn Anderson Dating just a few months Tom Hardy is set to star in Spider-Man spin-off Venom... as he wears T-shirt printed with character's face to make the announcement Bella! Madonna's daughter Lourdes Leon looks pretty in red dress as she carries large bottle of Italian water in NYC Looking like her mom Die hard Cher fan! Rumer Willis wears fishnets and racy leotard to recreate iconic Turn Back Time performance on Lip Sync Battle Best on our desks: A perfume applied like a POWDER, a concealer that won't crease and a nail polish inspired by lip gloss top our beauty picks of the week Bumping along nicely! Parents-to-be Heidi Montag and Spencer Pratt grocery shop in Venice, California Duo are (finally) moving out of his parents' home  Judge rules Prince's six siblings are heirs to $300m fortune despite a woman who says she married him in Vegas and hundreds of others trying to lay claim  Naomi Watts enjoys quiet family time in NYC with her mother Myfanwy and sons... as her ex Liev Schreiber moves on with new woman Nick and Aaron Carter plan to spread tragic sister Leslie's ashes with their father Bob's after his sudden death Heartbroken Back Street Boys plan tribute Catherine Zeta-Jones will play Griselda Blanco in Lifetime's Cocaine Godmother biopic... as Jennifer Lopez will star in competing version for HBO Something to bark about! Katy Perry cradles her puppy in NYC after ex Orlando Bloom said she'll be 'fantastic' on American Idol redo Julia Roberts, 49, says pal George Clooney 'doesn't need parenting advice' but admits twins can be hard when 'there's no one there at 3 am' Kendall Jenner flashes her underwear in sheer lace co-ords as she lands in Nice for the Cannes Film Festival Boy short-inspired undies  PICTURED: Yolanda Hadid sells LA condo with pool and wine cellar for $5 MILLION as she swaps Beverly Hills for New York to be nearer Bella and Gigi Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson sounds pretty serious about running for president in 2020 as he tells Jimmy Fallon 'people want to see better leadership' Proud mom! Ellie Kemper shares first picture of her baby boy James nine months after welcoming the little cutie to the world Appearing on Today  Already on the town! Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, is seen leaving Hollywood nightclub with Tobey Maguire after splitting from Nina Agdal, 25 That's some bachelor pad! Tobey Maguire snaps up modern-looking $3.4m West Hollywood home after split from wife Jennifer Meyer Behind-the-scenes Beauty and the Beast clip reveals how TEN people worked on Belle's yellow ball gown - and it took 238 hours to make And that's reality! Kim Kardashian watches as she's voted 'most annoying celebrity' on Family Feud She even posted footage on  Snapchat It's Now Or Never: Elvis' last privately owned jet is being auctioned after sitting on a runway in New Mexico for 30 years and it could fetch $3.5million Pregnant Bar Refaeli, 31, shows off her beautiful baby bump in a striped bikini as she kicks back on the beach  Expecting second child Viewers get their first glimpse of the new Dynasty as Nathalie Kelley and Elizabeth Giles duke it out as rivals Fallon and Cristal in first trailer  'What you're missing is your life': Sheryl Crow reveals she has BANNED smartphones in her house so she can enjoy spending time with her children Embarrassment for Netflix as its Cannes premiere of $50million film 'Okja' is STOPPED as viewers 'almost riot' and screen breaks  Red faces all round Olivia Wilde in ultra-sheer skirt... before being unveiled as True Botanicals' chief brand activist Also wore quirky Cat Sabbath t-shirt 'Helping mama!': Former Spice Girl Geri Horner melts the hearts of her fans as she shares snap of baby son Monty applying her lip liner on Instagram Sienna Miller swaps boho chic for tougher look as she films scenes for new movie The Burning Woman On set in Bridgewater, Massachusetts Married at First Sight star says he wants to be 'romantic' with wife - despite telling her he just wants to be 'FRIENDS' on night she thought they'd have sex Russian model Natasha Poly displays her beach body in a scarlet swimsuit while taking a break from the Cannes Film Festival on a luxury yacht Makeup-free Sofia Vergara heads to salon in skin-tight capris... as Joe Manganiello flexes for Men's Health Modern Family diva let her natural beauty shine  David Beckham shares a joke with Guy Ritchie and Charlie Hunnam in a behind-the-scenes snap on set of King Arthur... as movie's lead defends him after criticism Eva Longoria packs on the PDA with husband José Bastón in Cannes as they prepare to celebrate their first wedding anniversary together In her swimsuit! Tennis legend Serena Williams shows off her baby bump while on a yacht in Florida as she's now 24 weeks along in her pregnancy Nicole Scherzinger accidentally flashes her underwear in risqué gown at Dirty Dancing premiere... before leaving with J-Lo's ex Casper Smart 'Happiest girls are the prettiest girls!': Jennifer Lopez shares cute photo with her mini me daughter Emme, nine, during downtime in NYC Busy mom-of-two Baywatch bombshell Kelly Rohrbach shows off her hourglass curves and long legs in a belted pink dress The 27-year-old star  turned heads  EXCLUSIVE - Chris Cornell warmly greeted fans outside his sold-out show an hour before his death but was slurring his words as he called his wife  Elle Fanning dons chic phone-print gown as she channels old Hollywood glamour at Cannes Film Festival Looking every inch the silver siren Leggy lady! Erin Holland flaunts svelte figure in funky burgundy frock as she says goodbye to Sydney Fashion Week and hello to brunette locks Candyfloss Queen! Victoria Silvstedt shows off her endless tanned pins in a bubblegum pink minidress as leaves her hotel to attend the Cannes Film Festival Cracked it! Kim Kardashian celebrates becoming the sixth person to join the 100M followers club on Instagram 'Can't believe it' Look away Bieber! Kim Kardashian's best friend Jonathan Cheban is seen on date with Justin's ex Chantel Jeffries Surprise hookup Family business! Teresa Giudice and Melissa Gorga look lovely in blush and red as they attend the opening of Joe's eatery Her husband is in jail  Elisabeth Moss opts for sporty airport attire as she touches down in bustling Cannes to promote The Square Ready to throw herself into buzzing atmosphere  Duggar sisters file lawsuit against magazine and Arkansas city who 'revealed their identities after they told police they had been molested by brother' Hoping to get noticed! Becky G puts on eye-popping display in plunging white frock at Hollywood premiere The singer stunned as she flaunted her figure Downhill kisser! Lindsey Vonn shares an awkward smooch with her boyfriend Kenan Smith at Pirates Of The Caribbean premiere Attempted PDA She's goth it! Rita Ora flaunts her enviable toned legs in thigh-skimming pleated mini skirt as she channels grunge chic in London Always busy singer And they stay there! DJ Khaled stuns University of California graduates with a surprise performance of his song All I Do Is Win during their commencement You beauty! Jessica Gomes shows off her hourglass figure in swimsuit during beach photoshoot in Sydney Stars with Bruce Willis in new flick next month 'Never say never!': Judith Light, 68, teases there could be revival of her hit Eighties sitcom Who's The Boss? The 68-year-old star was talking in NYC  What's all the fuss about? Carefree Jennifer Lawrence takes the dog for a walk in NYC... after defending racy pole dance footage from wild night out Country singer Toby Keith to play an all-male concert in Saudi Arabia with a Middle Eastern lute player during President Trump's visit to the nation Busting out! Justin Bieber's rumored ex Sahara Ray flaunts her VERY ample assets in lacy black lingerie while at Tiger Mist photo shoot Posted series of clips The final countdown! The Middleton and Matthews clans attend a last rehearsal before Pippa and James' big day as the finishing touches are made Security surrounding Pippa Middleton's nuptials is ramped up with metal fencing, security camera and sniffer dogs put in place near family's home  Monochrome magic: Jessica Chastain cuts a chic figure in a lacy white top and large sunglasses at the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival Is there anything he can't do? Hugh Jackman drops his phone and still manages to accidentally snap an impressive selfie Shared on social media Braless Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she strolls through Cannes in a bold see-through dress Daring socialite Baywatch's Zac Efron coyly addresses rumors of romance with co-star Alexandra Daddario ...after revealing they share an unusual bedroom craving 'Purposeful poop': Ruby Rose slams Katy Perry's 'Taylor Swift diss track' Swish Swish as 'a sloppy mess' The squad stays very loyal to their leader Eva Longoria displays her trim figure in simple sportswear as she goes for a jog around Cannes with her husband José Bastón Early morning workout Sarah Hyland flaunts her cleavage and enviably lean legs in a risque black and white dress at Dirty Dancing premiere Turning heads Gordon Ramsay spills secrets of restaurant trade (including how the soup 'du jour' isn't always made fresh) Says Valentine's Day is worst day to eat out Wedding's off (again)! Teen Mom's Amber Portwood and fiancé Matt Baier put fall nuptials 'on hold' The couple are 'working on their relationship' Yee haw! Nashville reveals Rachel Bilson and Kaitlin Doubleday's roles for first time in new promo Hit drama based around country music capital Go hard or go home! Singer Iggy Azalea flaunts her toned stomach and ample cleavage in a crop top and skintight leggings as she promotes Switch Mariah Carey, 47, suffers a wardrobe malfunction as she flashes skimpy thong in skintight leggings on a dinner date with twins Moroccan and Monroe  Busy Philipps is bright and beautiful in a tiered rainbow dress as she hosts Hollywood charity gala The actress put on an eye-catching display It's in her jeans! Emily Ratajkowski swaps her red carpet plunging threads for laid back double denim as she jets out of Cannes Film Festival Kate Beckinsale keeps a low profile in glamorous leather pants and mohair jacket as she dines out in Hollywood All-black ensemble Ramona Singer, 60, celebrates her 22-year-old daughter's college graduation with a throwback photo of herself in a string bikini posing with her little girl  Glamorous Lily Collins stuns in striking sequin skirt as she leads the style at Okja photocall... after her movie is booed at Cannes Film Festival Red carpet queen So THAT'S what's in her handbag! Queen Elizabeth clutches a purse emblazoned with her friend Archduchess Helen of Austria as she leaves party in London 'They probably don't want us showing them up!' Pippa Middleton's fish and chip shop owner cousin on why he didn't get an invite to the wedding of the year  Heavenly! Angelina Jolie is angelic in all-white as she enjoys shopping trip with Zahara and Pax... as moving trucks are seen at $25million mansion 'This has hit him very hard': Brad Pitt 'in shock' over the deaths of his two great friends Brad Grey and Chris Cornell Tough times for hunk 'Been wanting this for a long time': Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa gets her kids' birth dates inked on her arm Showed off the new ink Excuse me Ms Jackson! Paris shows off her eclectic style and taut tum as she goes braless on a coffee run with a male pal  Cut a cool figure  'It's a tradition now': Johnny Depp greets Jimmy Kimmel with big kiss on the lips while appearing on chat show Actor locked lips with the host  Carpool Harry-oke! Styles and James Corden swap clothes, re-enact Titanic and sing a duet of Endless Love in hilarious new Carpool Karaoke Katie Holmes shows off her natural beauty as she rocks a simple vest top and denim skirt for The Kennedys After Camelot photocall She plays Jackie O Added protection! Amber Rose is joined by bodyguard while out in LA... just one day after intruder broke into home while she was sleeping Extra protection  SPOILER ALERT: Scandal season six comes to a gripping finale full of political intrigue Final episode of penultimate season  Sealed with a kiss! Dutch Queen Maxima warmly greets Qatar's Sheikha Mozah as both stylish royals opt for statement sleeves to attend a law seminar  Peep show! Laverne Cox stuns in sheer lingerie but uses her long hair to strategically protect her modesty Orange Is the New Black star posted sexy selfie Keeping the flame alive! New redhead Ariel Winter shows off her fit figure as she hits the gym with boyfriend Levi Recently celebrated their six-month anniversary Is Swish Swish about Taylor Swift? Katy Perry fans claim lyrics about a 'calculating and selfish sheep' in new 'diss track' are aimed at the star's arch rival Jennifer Garner is a vision in strapless dress as she joins Bryan Cranston at Wakefield NYC screening Actress and mother wowed on the red carpet Ivanka's son Theo takes his first steps: First daughter uploads adorable video of youngster walking for the first time  Mom took to Twitter  Now that's a real Family Feud! Steve Harvey's ex-wife demands $60m for 'emotional anguish' more than 10 years after bitter divorce Margot Robbie shows off her slender legs in tight leggings as she and husband Tom Ackerley take their rescue puppy for a walk following romantic trip Dance Moms star Abby Lee Miller gets court approval to travel from LA to NYC for paid TV appearances But she is still going behind bars next month Alec Baldwin gets $1.25 million for El Dorado apartment on New York City's Upper West Side The property was said to be used as an office  Amanda Seyfried shares a tender kiss with Thomas Sadoski as they take seven-week-old daughter on stroll in Hollwood Joyful moment 'Can we move on?' Nicole Kidman squirms as she's probed about filming risqué scenes with Colin Farrell... while sat next to her husband Keith Urban The look of love! Kate Bosworth gazes adoringly at husband Michael Polish as they sport co-coordinating black at charity gala More smitten than ever  'We stick it out': Brian Austin Green reveals how he makes marriage with Megan Fox last through rocky times Actor said their chemistry has helped them  Olivia Culpo looks flawless and bronzed in strapless white dress at Saks Fifth Avenue launch of The Collective in New York City Flashed quite a lot of leg SPOILER ALERT: Grey's Anatomy regular departs the hospital in show's surprising 13th season finale Big drama after fire at Grey Sloan Memorial  Eagle-eyed fans catch Alex Rodriguez's eyebrow-raising broadcast notes which include 'birth control' and 'pull out stuff' J-Lo's boyfriend Princess Eugenie shrugs off reports she is lazy and insists she works 'really hard' as the royal reveals she's a huge fan of Netflix drama The Crown  'She hates it when people say I'm 12': Liam Payne, 23, addresses 10-year age gap with girlfriend Cheryl, 33... as he admits having a baby was 'mad'  Bella Thorne is swamped by flowers as she receives two more bouquets from mystery admirer... after being spotted with Scott Disick Bikini-clad Blac Chyna flashes underboob as she shows off her tiny post-baby waist while lounging poolside The model also donned a purple wig The VERY racy secrets of The Graduate as film turns 50: Dustin Hoffman pawed his leading ladies and Doris Day found the script offensive, BRIAN VINER reveals Alan Thicke's widow hits back at 'gold digger' claims and says stepsons are trying to smear her because 'she won't let them run a marijuana farm'  Peek-a-boo! Kendall Jenner flashes a nipple as she arrives at LAX bra-less in semi-sheer crochet top and matching see-through pants Braless Bella suffers ANOTHER wardrobe malfunction in semi-sheer boob tube on Cannes night out... hours after flashing her lingerie at opening gala Flame-haired Amber Heard flaunts cleavage in skintight costume as she transforms into green sea goddess Mera in first look at Aquaman film role Kaya Scodelario and hubby Benjamin Walker put on a romantic display at Pirates Of The Caribbean premiere... as she reveals relief of not landing 'romantic part'  Johnny Depp says he would take over impersonating Trump on Saturday Night Live if Alec Baldwin steps down Has played him before Golden girl! Christina Ricci flaunts cleavage as she rocks embellished dress at charity gala in NYC Had a dazzling red carpet moment Robert Downey Jr. snaps up the historic Windmill Cottage in East Hampton for $11.9m The home was built in 1885 and comes with its own library  Fresh-faced Kris Jenner sports bright red Adidas tracksuit as she leaves Kardashian go-to skin clinic The 61-year-old sported the flashy name brand  Still dressing alike! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen rock similar looks as they step out together in NYC The twins matched in blue in the Big Apple   The Talk's Aisha Tyler divorce settlement calls for $2 million in spousal support over four years to ex-husband Jeff Tietjens Big pay out for actress Well she is engaged to Billy Elliot star Jamie Bell! Kate Mara leaves ballet workout session in Los Angeles sporting  a New York Giants t-shirt Family owns NFL team All that jazz! Australian actor Hugh Jackman supports Bette Midler as she launches her new show on Broadway Best known for hisrole as Woolverine Glowing Eva Longoria slips into chic jumpsuit as she reunites with dapper husband José Bastón in Cannes... days before their first wedding anniversary The diva goes casual! Mariah Carey slips into skintight, black tank top and floral leggings as she heads to grocery store in Santa Monica  Stunning shape  Sealed with a kiss! Besotted Pierce Brosnan locks lips with wife Keely Shaye Shaw on a Hawaiian beach as the couple celebrate his 64th birthday Jennifer Garner looks chic in pinstripe dress as she heads to The Late Show to see her old friend Stephen Colbert The 45-year-old actress wowed in NYC   PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic outing with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown... eight months after split from Naomi Watts Dinner with a Duchess! Camilla welcomes leading lights of British theatre to Clarence House for an intimate evening in honour of Sir Tom Stoppard  EXCLUSIVE: Pippa's $427,000 wedding will be SCOTTISH-themed complete with haggis canapés, whisky and bagpipes - plus $51,000 worth of caviar Aha me hearties! Johnny Depp ditches pirates garb for silver and black three-piece suit at Dead Men Tell No Tales premiere in Hollywood Dwayne Johnson gets his 'mind blown' while playing air cannon game with Jimmy Fallon on The Tonight Show Better known as The Rock Supergirls! Lucy Hale goes sheer as she poses up with heroic Melissa Benoist at The CW Upfronts in NYC Star of The CW's Supergirl  Bra-vo! Monica Bellucci, 52, reveals her lingerie in daring sheer dress as she steps out at 70th annual Cannes Film Festival... after THAT opening ceremony kiss Mel B's former nanny Lorraine Gilles accuses singer of lying to judge over recent serving of legal documents The legal dispute is hotting up  Legs for days! Irina Shayk drapes her spellbinding post-baby body in a tiny smock while heading through LAX Flaunted her physique  Jeff Goldblum confesses his man crush on Chris Hemsworth and admits he feels like a 'dung beetle' around the buff star He will have his vengeance! Russell Crowe has 'continuously discussed' a sequel to Gladiator with director Ridley Scott... despite his character DYING  Leading man! Joel Edgerton cuts a dapper figure as he celebrates Ridley Scott's hand and footprint ceremony on Hollywood's Walk of Fame The blue shoes buccaneer! Orlando Bloom wears trainers with snazzy suit at Pirates Of The Caribbean premiere Making a statement New York chic! Kerry Washington stuns in grey mini dress for Scandal viewing party at Manhattan's Paley Center It's the season finale! LeAnn Rimes looks ethereal in white gown as she joins legendary songwriter Diane Warren on the red carpet at the ASCAP Pop Awards Harry Styles releases a trailer for his documentary on making of his album as he gets a haircut, has a mould made of his face and is suspended 50ft in the air 'It's not my sort of music': Liam Payne brands One Direction bandmate Harry Style's debut single as 'not something I'd listen to' Gianvito Rossi 'refused to give Serena Williams a discount because the luxury company didn't want African American women wearing its shoes' The Empire Strikes Door! Star Wars search is on to find the clumsy Stormtrooper behind the most famous movie blooper of all time Susan Sarandon, 70, appears totally ageless as she shares TOPLESS snap from Cannes 39 years ago... hours before hitting red carpet in lookalike ensemble Braless Robin Wright flashes her nipples in slinky gown at Cannes... as she reveals her shock at being paid less than House Of Cards co-star Kevin Spacey Sizzling Adriana Lima grapples with her assets as Petra Nmcová suffers a lingerie-flashing wardrobe mishap at Loveless premiere in Cannes Angelina Jolie moves on as large trucks are spotted outside sprawling new $25million mansion in LA... just eight months after split with Brad Pitt She's engaged! Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay reveals she's accepted a proposal from one of her 31 suitors... and the show has not even debuted 'It didn't feel right at the time': Russell Crowe finally reveals why he turned down iconic Wolverine role before suggesting Hugh Jackman instead 'I've been every size!' Jessica Simpson says her clothing line caters to skinny and plus-sized women because she doesn't want to leave anyone out Just the two of us! Zac Efron takes the wheel during sunset boat cruise with Baywatch co-star Alexandra Daddario... after denying romance rumors 'I don't believe in diets': Zoe Saldana highlights her svelte 115lb frame in tight dresses for Shape magazine as she talks not 'depriving' herself Brie Larson stars opposite Woody Harrelson and Naomi Watts in emotional new trailer for The Glass Castle Bravura performance Quick change! Emily Ratajkowski displays svelte figure in quirky cold shoulder dress... after wowing in dramatic gown at Cannes Film Festival   Tat's amazing! Ricky Martin hides numerous tattoos while shirtless on set of American Crime Story in Miami His ripped physique  drives his fans wild Teresa Giudice flashes a huge smile as she celebrates her 45th birthday with her daughters while her husband is in prison for fraud Love the new look, Nicole! How Kidman became a punk queen  Kidman plays Queen Boadicea, in her new film, How To Talk To Girls At Parties Leggy Cara Delevingne opts for edgy glamor in asymmetric gown with shaved hair as she joins lingerie-clad Lily Donaldson at Magnum bash in Cannes Fresh-faced Christina Aguilera has an umbrella handler make sure she doesn't get too much sun as she arrives on Montreal set of Zoe 'He has a big, warm heart': Russell Crowe speaks of his close relationship with John Laws and says he 'loves to sit down and have a Wild Turkey' with him Sweat it out! Newly-single Amy Schumer pounds streets of New York during fitness session after split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch Together for 18 months Beach babes! Ashley Graham puts curves on show as she poses with 90s supermodel Niki Taylor and Kanye West muse Teyana Taylor in Baywatch-style shoot It takes a village! Kim Kardashian shows off glamorous Cannes look from last year with a behind-the-scenes glimpse at the primping process Missing Ruby? The Veronicas' Jessica Origliasso hugs her pillow tightly and checks her phone as she and sister Lisa head to Darwin for concert Rihanna exudes old-school Hollywood glamour in sweeping tulle gown as she arrives at star-studded launch of her Chopard jewellery line in Cannes Elle Fanning displays her enviably taut abs in black crop top and patterned skirt as she enjoys day out in Cannes Put on a showstopping display  Back in her Daisy Dukes! Penelope Cruz takes a break from playing glam queen Donatella Versace for The Assassination Of Gianni series Plenty more where that came from! Blink 182's Travis Barker sells one of his five homes... and someone drummed up a bargain  Cut his property portfolio Melania announces she'll join Trump on their first foreign trip as President and First Lady to Saudi Arabia, Israel, Rome, Brussels, and Sicily Arise, Sir Becks... King of Hamelot: David Beckham's cameo my just be the best thing about Guy Ritchie's King Arthur, says BRIAN VINER Emily Ratajkowski flashes her cleavage in gothic gown with embellished sheer catsuit as she leads the red carpet glamor at  Cannes Film Festival  Liam Payne reveals Cheryl nearly ENDED their relationship in early days... as he admits school friends teased him for winking at her at first X Factor audition If anyone Cannes, Sara Cannes! Ms. Sampaio goes makeup-free as she steps out in lace playsuit... the morning after her dazzling opening night display 'She told me to never, ever pluck my eyebrows!': Kaia Gerber, 15, reveals mom Cindy Crawford, 51, insisted tweezing would be a big regret Lily Donaldson dazzles in a sheer lingerie-inspired dress at the Loveless premiere during the Cannes Film Festival Do you Believe? Cher, 70, says she's not a fan of her own music ahead of winning Icon honor at the Billboard Awards The singer claimed: 'I'm not a Cher fan' EXCLUSIVE: Courtney Stodden, 22, reveals her addiction to prescription drugs - which she mixes with CHAMPAGNE - to cope with depression after miscarriage 'It's rare that I see somebody who I can relate to': Star of Shonda Rhimes' new show calls for more diversity in film and the beauty industries Code red! Karlie Kloss is a vision in ruby as she heads to meeting for her organization Koding With Klossy Strutted her way down a New York street  Summer of love! Tom Daley, 22, and new husband Dustin Lance Black, 42, enjoy a date night at the Hunter festival kick off party Tied the knot last week  The hottest product in Hollywood? Sunscreen! As the weather heats up, FEMAIL details the sunblocks that the stars use to keep their skin flawless Date night! Miley Cyrus rocks double denim as she strolls hand-in-hand with Liam Hemsworth on romantic evening in New York Pair closer than ever Her knight in shining armour! King Arthur star Poppy Delevingne is joined by husband James Cook as she leads the glamor in sweeping red jumpsuit  And she liked it! Miley Cyrus claims Katy Perry's song I Kissed a Girl was about her Former Hannah Montana star was only 15 when they locked lips The ladies like him! Drew Barrymore and Kerry Washington pose with Broadway star Ben Platt after taking in his musical Dear Evan Hansen Jennifer Lawrence beams in $700 feminist T-shirt in London after going wild at strip club on best friend's birthday Sported fashion with a message  Plus size model Barbie Ferreira strips down on camera as she reveals she was bullied by other fashion stars on set because she was the only 'fat girl' Winnie Harlow looks sensational in dramatic sapphire blue gown as she attends Loveless premiere at the Cannes Film Festival Not usual edgy self Amy Schumer manages a smile as she reveals she's looking for a 'nice guy' in first appearance since split from boyfriend Ben Hanisch It's over! Leonardo DiCaprio, 42, and Danish model Nina Agdal, 25, break up after a year of dating The couple split four days ago Deadliest Catch star Sig Hansen 'arrested for assault after spitting on Uber driver and kicking car' The fishing captain was detained in Seattle  Single in the city: Beaming Naomi Watts cuts an elegant figure in pleated dress while ex Liev Schreiber enjoys romantic date with new woman Morgan Brown 'Takes a monster to defeat a monster': Tom Cruise pairs with Annabelle Wallis as he battles undead Sofia Boutella in latest trailer for The Mummy     DON'T MISS Today's headlines Most Read President Trump and First Lady Melania escape DC scandalfest for nine-day foreign tour - the first since... BREAKING NEWS: Fired FBI director agrees to testify in front of Senate intel committee after it's revealed... Key White House adviser is person of interest in Russia probe 'I'm convinced Trump is nuts': Father of fired FBI Director James Comey defends his son and says he was... Family of murdered DNC staffer Seth Rich threaten private investigator with legal action after he claimed... PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The tragedy of room 1136 - How Chris Cornell ended his life as Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend... REVEALED: Jared Kushner 'personally called Lockheed Martin CEO to get better price for the Saudis in $100bn... White House lawyers are 'consulting experts to research impeachment procedures' Terrified passengers subdue Turkish man on American Airlines flight from LA to Honolulu after he tried to... Draft of Trump's Saudi speech calls terror fight 'a battle between good and evil' – but omits the magic... Dramatic moment straphangers save young woman who fainted and tumbled onto Boston subway track moments... Five people remain hospitalized - including a mother-of-three who was left paralyzed - after eating nacho... 'Moon dust' from Apollo 11 mission that was sold for $995 is now worth $4million as it heads to auction  Iranian President Hassan Rouhani leads in country's election with initial count of 58 percent  Illegal immigrant who went to UConn is arrested for 103 counts of anti-Trump vandalism around the school Aaron Hernandez threatened 'to kill a guard and his family and fought an inmate who spit in his face' during... New dilemma for Trump: Will he ask the UK to extradite Julian Assange or let Wikileaks founder slip away? EXCLUSIVE: Judge dismisses 'clock boy' lawsuit saying the school didn't discriminate against Ahmed Mohamed... Man, 57, 'removes transgender woman's testicles with Army surgical kit during illicit procedure she asked... Two police commanders are demoted to captains for 'leaking body camera footage' of controversial arrest of a... Cuban armed robber who turned his life around after being mistakenly paroled 90 years early is pardoned by... Weeping Anthony Weiner begs for forgiveness as he pleads guilty for sexting a 15-year-old girl, accepts a... Huma Abedin FINALLY files for divorce from 'sick' Anthony Weiner on SAME DAY he appears in court while... Stampede at New York's Barclays Center during Future concert after 'loud boom' prompts fears of gun shots  Shepard Smith fights back tears during emotional tribute to Roger Ailes, detailing how Fox News founder... Fox News fires The Five co-host Bob Beckel a second time after he told an African-American IT employee who... Chemistry teacher, 35, arrested for having sex with a 17-year-old student High school teacher and volleyball coach, 31, is accused of repeatedly having sex with her male student Rides in Airbus’s self-flying cars will cost ‘the equivalent of a normal taxi’: Firm reveals passengers will... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Judge dismisses 'clock boy' lawsuit saying the school didn't discriminate against Ahmed Mohamed when the Muslim teen's teacher called the police because she thought he made a bomb President Trump and First Lady Melania escape DC scandalfest for nine-day foreign tour - the first since they entered the White House - with Jared and Ivanka in tow. Next stop, Saudi Arabia What a creep! After leaking secrets, dodging sex charges and costing the UK £13m, Julian Assange marks end of rape probe by giving world a human rights lecture Weeping Anthony Weiner begs for forgiveness as he pleads guilty for sexting a 15-year-old girl, accepts a prison sentence of up to 27 months and registers as a SEX OFFENDER as Huma files for divorce 'You’ll miss your stop, n*****!': Man slaps racist woman in the face after she taunts him and calls him the n-word four times on bus journey  Harrowing new video shows the moment a drug-crazed driver hurtles through pedestrians in Times Square at ferocious speed before crashing into safety posts then stumbles out of his car PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: The tragedy of room 1136 - How Chris Cornell ended his life as Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend smashed down the door to help him after giving him two Ativans before his suicide Embarrassment for Netflix when Cannes premiere of $50million film 'Okja' is STOPPED after viewers 'almost riot' over refusal to show in France and then the screen broke... Heidi Klum's ex-boyfriend was the bodyguard who gave Chris Cornell two Ativans before his suicide and found his dead body - as his heartbroken wife says singer's death was 'inexplicable' Fox News fires The Five co-host Bob Beckel a second time after he told an African-American IT employee who came to his office: 'I'm leaving because you're black' EXCLUSIVE: Frugal wife of Wizard of Lies Bernie Madoff treats herself to a $20 pair of glasses at a CVS, a bottle of wine and a day of discount grocery shopping on her 76th birthday before coming home to a flower delivery from a special someone Where it all began: How James wooed Pippa on the luxury island of St Barths and turned a ten-year friendship into a whirlwind romance which will see them walk down the aisle tomorrow BREAKING NEWS: Fired FBI director agrees to testify in front of Senate intel committee after it's revealed Trump bragged to Russians that he had fired 'nut job' Comey and it would 'take the pressure' off election probe Huma Abedin FINALLY files for divorce from 'sick' Anthony Weiner on SAME DAY he appears in court while wearing his wedding ring to plead guilty to sexting girl, 15 and face two years in jail Air France flight heading from Paris to Birmingham declares a mid-air emergency  You're not grabbing me! Hysterical footage surfaces of Hillary practicing avoiding dreaded hug from Trump ahead of debate Wife, 38, who was 'addicted' to her cheating husband died of an overdose after she was sent naked pictures of him and her friend, inquest hears It's now or never! Elvis' last privately-owned jet to be auctioned off for up to $3.5MILLION after sitting for 30 years on a Roswell runway Distraught father of 18-year-old Times Square victim was rushed to hospital to 'calm down after going to police precinct and threatening to kill drug-crazed driver' German woman is jailed for chopping off her lover’s head with a circular saw while he wore blacked-out diving goggles during kinky sex session  'I tried to get through to Paris but her mother told me to eff off': Why the Oliver! child star who claims he's the biological father of Michael Jackson's daughter is banned from seeing her  Times Square driver in court: Driver says he laced his marijuana with PCP, as it's revealed he spent time in a military prison, heard voices and 'wasn't the same after being discharged from the Navy' EXCLUSIVE: US advertising exec gets engaged to royal Bea's American ex, just six months after meeting him (but princess may come to the wedding) Evil father who abused his daughter for two decades is jailed after she recorded him on her mobile boasting that it was the 'best sex he'd ever had'  Father-of-five looks so much like Obama he gets mobbed for selfies everywhere he goes (but he claims former US president looks like HIM) PIERS MORGAN: Dear Donald, when did the ballsy winner who was going to Make America Great Again turn into President Paranoid Snowflake? Stop whining. Your friend, Piers 'Help me, my parents are dead': Boy, 5, saves his mom and dad's lives after walking two blocks alone to raise the alarm when they overdosed on heroin in front of him and his three-month-old sister Pippa's copy Kate wedding: There's a fly-past, the bride has TWO dresses and there's even talk of a balcony kiss. No danger of THIS little sister settling for second best!  Three teens including ex-high school quarterback are charged with capital murder of boy, six, who was 'shot dead in the back of a car they stole' MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by DecisionDatabases Aircraft Refurbishing Market | Industry Outlook Research Report 2015-2022 By DecisionDatabases The new research report on Aircraft Refurbishing Market offered by DecisionDatabases.com provides Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast Till 2022. The global aircraft refurbishing market research report provides detailed information about the industry based on the revenue (USD MN) for the forecast period. The research study is a descriptive analysis of this market emphasizing the market drivers and restraints that govern the overall market growth. The trends and future prospects for the market are also included in the report which gives an intellectual understanding of this industry. Furthermore, the report quantifies the market share held by the major players of the industry and provides an in-depth view of the competitive landscape. This market is classified into different segments with detailed analysis of each with respect to geography for the study period. The major market drivers are Increasing the air transportation activities, Increasing demands for private jets and VIP aircrafts and Demand for fuel efficiency. The market growth might be restricted due Increasing prices of raw materials and Decreasing demand for older/refurbished parts under the study period. Get FREE Sample Report Copy With FULL Segmentations and TOC @ http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/download-sample-8873 The report offers a value chain analysis that gives a comprehensive outlook of the market. The attractiveness analysis of this market has also been included so as to evaluate the segments that are anticipated to be profitable during the forecast period. The report also studies the competitive landscape of the global market with company profiles of players such as B/E aerospace, Boeing Company – CDG, Crane Aerospace & Electronics., Diehl Aero Systems Holding GmbH, EADS Sogerma, FACC AG, Honeywell International, Jamco America, Inc., Nordam Interiors & Structures Division, Panasonic Avionics Corporation, PPG Aerospace, Recaro Aircraft Seating GmbH & Co. KG, Rockwell Collins Inc., Satcom1, Sell GmbH, STG Aerospace Ltd., Thales S.A., TIMCO Aviation Service Inc., United Technology Corporation and Zodiac Aerospace. Geographically, this market has been segmented into regions such as North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Latin America, and the Middle East & Africa. The study details country-level aspects based on each segment and gives estimates in terms of market size. The market has been segmented based on types such as passengerto-freighter (P-2-F). VIP cabin refurbishing and commercial cabin refurbishing(C-C-R). The study incorporates periodic market estimates and forecasts. Each type has been analyzed based on the market size at regional and country levels. The market has been segmented based on fittings such as retrofit, IFEC system and passenger seats. The study incorporates periodic market estimates and forecasts. Each fitting has been analyzed based on the market size at regional and country levels. The market has been segmented based on applications such as wide body aircraft, very large aircraft, narrow body aircraft, commercial aviation aircrafts windows and windshields and VIP aircrafts. The report provides forecast and estimates for each application in terms of market size during the study period. Each application has been further analyzed based on regional and country levels. Table Of Contents – Overview 1. Introduction 2. Executive Summary 3. Market Analysis 4. Aircraft Refurbishing Market Analysis By Type 5. Aircraft Refurbishing Market Analysis By Fittings 6. Aircraft Refurbishing Market Analysis By Application 7. Aircraft Refurbishing Market Analysis By Geography 8. Competitive Landscape Of Aircraft Refurbishing Companies 9. Company Profiles Of Aircraft Refurbishing Industry Purchase Complete Global Aircraft Refurbishing Market Research Report At: http://www.decisiondatabases.com/contact/buy-now-8873 About Us: DecisionDatabases.com is a global business research reports provider, enriching decision makers and strategists with qualitative statistics. DecisionDatabases.com is proficient in providing syndicated research report, customized research reports, company profiles and industry databases across multiple domains. Our expert research analysts have been trained to map client’s research requirements to the correct research resource leading to a distinctive edge over its competitors. We provide intellectual, precise and meaningful data at a lightning speed. For more details: DecisionDatabases.com E-Mail: sales@decisiondatabases.com Phone: +91 99 28 237112 Web: www.decisiondatabases.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsaircraft, Aircraft Refurbishing, Aircraft Refurbishing Industry, Aircraft Refurbishing Industry Outlook, Aircraft Refurbishing Market, Aircraft Refurbishing Market analysis, Aircraft Refurbishing Market growth, Aircraft Refurbishing Market Report, Aircraft Refurbishing Market Share, Aircraft Refurbishing Market Size, Custom Blend Food Colour Industry Report, Global Aircraft Refurbishing Market Report Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Location-based Search and Advertising Market 2017 by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast To 2021 Next PostNext IT – Q-Port – Enrollment to Two-Factor Authentication (2FA) for Q-Port (21/17) Search Recent Posts Global Industrial Protective Footwear Market 2017: Delta Plus, COFRA Holding, ELTEN, Saina Group RealTimeRental Announces Upgrades to their Mobile App HealthSmart Appoints James Vertino as Chief Information Officer Residents Share Coffee, Gratitude With Cops High Speed Stress-Reliever Fidget Spinner Announced Forbes Best Office Toy 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Sat, May 20, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Trump triggers trade renegotiations with Canada and Mexico Nafta partners both welcome American moves to revamp 11-year-old agreement about 23 hours ago US trade representative Robert Lighthizer: hopes to complete negotiations by the end of 2017. Photograph: Reuters         The Trump administration on Thursday set the clock ticking towards a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for American workers and manufacturers. With a letter to American lawmakers, US trade representative Robert Lighthizer said he triggered a 90-day consultation period with Congress, industries and the American public that would allow talks over one of the world’s biggest trading blocs to begin by August 16th. Renegotiation of Nafta was a key campaign promise of American president Donald Trump, who frequently said the 23-year-old trade pact was a “disaster” that has drained US factories and well-paid manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Lighthizer told reporters Nafta has been successful for American agriculture, investment services and the energy sector, but not for manufacturing Trump has pledged to use the Nafta talks to shrink goods trade deficits that stood at $63 billion (€56.5 billion) with Mexico and $11 billion with Canada last year, according to US census bureau data. Lighthizer told reporters Nafta has been successful for American agriculture, investment services and the energy sector, but not for manufacturing. He added that he hopes to complete negotiations by the end of 2017. “As a starting point for negotiations, we should build on what has worked in Nafta and change and improve what has not,” Lighthizer said in a conference call with reporters. “If renegotiations result in a fairer deal for American workers there is value in making the transition to a modernised Nafta as seamless as possible.” On the menu In his letter to congressional leaders, Lighthizer said Nafta needs modernisation for provisions on digital trade, intellectual property rights, labour and environmental standards, regulatory practices, rules for state-owned enterprises and food-safety standards. The Obama administration attempted to address many of these deficiencies in the 2015 Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which included Canada and Mexico, but Trump pulled out of TPP in one of his first official acts as president. Bono: ‘I don’t want to meet Donald Trump’ Trump said firing ‘nut job’ Comey relieved ‘great pressure’ - report Trump: ‘Greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history’ Canada and Mexico both welcomed the American move to launch a Nafta revamp. Mexican foreign minister Luis Videgaray, speaking at a news conference with secretary of state Rex Tillerson in Washington, said the trade pact needed to be updated after nearly 25 years. “The world has changed, we’ve learned a lot and we can make it better,” he said. Canadian foreign minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada was “steadfastly committed to free trade in the North American region”, noting that nine million American jobs depend on trade and investment with Canada. US Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donohue urged US officials to “do no harm” to businesses that depend on trade with Canada and Mexico and to move quickly on a new trilateral deal. As the administration took its first formal step towards Nafta renegotiations, the US Commerce Department launched an investigation on Thursday into Boeing’s anti-dumping claims against Canadian rival Bombardier’s new CSeries jetliners, drawing a threat from Canada to review a deal to buy Boeing fighter jets. Lighthizer’s letter is less detailed than a draft sent to lawmakers in March, which listed as objectives tax equality and the ability to re-impose tariffs if Mexican and Canadian imports pose a serious injury threat to US industry. Full withdrawal Late in April Trump had considered a full withdrawal from Nafta, but was persuaded by senior officials in his administration to pursue negotiations instead. Lighthizer said he did not think a new threat to withdraw from Nafta would be necessary. “As the president has said, we are going to give renegotiation a good strong shot,” Lighthizer told reporters, adding that he believed Canada and Mexico would negotiate in good faith. Our hope is that we can end up with the structure similar to what we have now. If that should prove to be impossible, then we’ll move in a different direction He said he hoped to maintain the current trilateral format of Nafta, but noted that many of Nafta’s problems are bilateral issues that need to be worked out with either Mexico or Canada. “Our hope is that we can end up with the structure similar to what we have now. If that should prove to be impossible, then we’ll move in a different direction.” Asked if the Nafta talks would seek to resolve trade disputes over imports of Canadian softwood lumber or Mexican sugar, Lighthizer said he hoped those issues would be settled before the Nafta talks begin under separate negotiations being conducted by the US Commerce Department. A Canadian source close to the lumber negotiations said it was unlikely an agreement could be reached by mid-August, however. Lighthizer said he will seek public comment on the Nafta process and intends to publish negotiating objectives on or about July 16th. – (Reuters)       Topics: Chrystia Freeland Donald Trump Luis Videgaray Rex Tillerson Robert Lighthizer Thomas Donohue Commerce Department Congress Nafta Boeing Bombardier Canada Mexico Washington(US) Read More US inquiry on Trump-Russia ties ‘hurts our country terribly’ President Donald Trump’s first foreign trip: what lies ahead? Trump: ‘No politician in history . . . has been treated more unfairly’ Trump: when the world is led by a child Donald Trump, back on Twitter, complains of ‘witch hunt’ Donald Trump and the enemy within Mueller appointment an attempt to restore confidence White House moves to limit damage of latest Trump controversy Is President Donald Trump heading for impeachment? Russian revelations reveal a president out of his depth Can Donald Trump keep his grip on the presidency? Trump ‘asked FBI director James Comey to end Mike Flynn inquiry’ Trump presidency Read more about how and why Donald Trump's administration is sending shockwaves around the world  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Economy EU/ECB criticise Government use of windfall to raise public spending Work Older colleagues can offer emotional intelligence for your digital intelligence Pro12 Home comforts to help Munster clip Ospreys’ wings Economy ‘Pirates’ piracy and the price of not making Champions League Sponsored Life through a lens: Samsung S8 brings photography to next level The Story of Home: A Kerry mountain retreat Truth serum: how serums won a place in our beauty regimes The Story of Home: A dream of tiny houses Latest Business Time is right to cash in some of State’s AIB shareholding 06:56 Watsa says he saved Bank of Ireland because of Boucher 06:41 Straight talking at Clontarf 06:36 Taoiseach’s pension package would cost €5m to buy - experts 01:00 Niall Quinn’s Q-Sat switched off over dispute with British provider 20:00 Most Read in Business 1 Taoiseach’s pension package would cost €5m to buy - experts 2 Balkanisation of the UK could leave NI badly exposed 3 Watsa says he saved Bank of Ireland because of Boucher 4 Niall Quinn’s Q-Sat switched off over dispute with British provider 5 EU/ECB criticise Government use of windfall to raise public spending 6 Chris Johns: Theresa May’s manifesto is strong on economic illiteracy 7 Galway credit union confirms €87,000 refund to members 8 Building firm owner liable for €735,000 costs in failed action 9 Dreaming big in Dubai 10 Disabled employee awarded €7,500 after recordings of him shared for colleagues’ merriment Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Sat 20/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,381.73 +16.01 (+0.68%) Dow 30 20,804.84 +141.82 (+0.69%) Nasdaq 6,083.70 +28.57 (+0.47%) Today's Charts Foot Locker stock tumbles; Nvidia gets a bullish call; Deere soars on earnings beat China is reportedly in talks to buy into Canada's Boeing rival Benjamin Zhang Business Insider May 18, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Bombardier C SeriesMore (Bombardier C-Series.Bombardier) Bombardier may be about to receive a fresh injection of cash from the far east. According to the FT's Don Weinland and Peggy Hollinger, the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) has held discussions to either buy a stake in Bombardier's beleaguered commercial aircraft division or its next generation C-Series airliner program. "Everything is on the table," a person familiar with the talks told the FT. Even though the two companies have held discussions, the FT clarified that no decision is "imminent". Over the past few years, Bombardier's commercial aircraft division has struggled to recoup the billions of dollars invested in the development of the company's attempt to compete with the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 families of airliners. Even though the Bombardier C-Series has received critical acclaim, the aircraft has been beset by delays and slow sales. Delta Air Lines is the C-Series's largest customer with an order for 75 aircraft valued at $5.6 billion at list prices. As a result, Bombardier has been forced to accept roughly $3 billion in public bailouts over the past two years. COMAC, China's state-owned commercial aircraft manufacturer, recently launched two new aircraft types. The ARJ21 regional jet is currently in service, while the Airbus A320-sized C919 airliner flew for the first time this month. Even though both represent the latest in Chinese commercial aviation engineering, neither aircraft can approach the performance capabilities and cutting-edge technology of Bombardier's C-Series. However, the two companies are no strangers when it comes to cooperation. Bombardier and COMAC have been working together for the better part of a decade to find synergies between the C-Series and the C919 programs. Bombardier was not immediately available for comment. NOW WATCH: Boeing has a new fleet of robots that are transforming the way it builds planes More From Business Insider Ford could build an all-electric F-150 — but don't hold your breath Wall Street has lost its mind when it comes to Ford BMW just strengthened its alliance to take on Mercedes in the self-driving-car race Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Police: 3 men stole car, killed 6-year-old in back seat Associated Press Kushner personally intervened in $110 billion arms deal to get Saudi Arabia a better price Business Insider McDonald's changed its vanilla ice cream 6 months ago, and nobody noticed CNBC Nvidia Horus Yahoo Finance Video Cooperman: There are 4 things to worry about when you look at the stock market Yahoo Finance David Ortiz: 'It's so easy to blow money' Yahoo Finance A top FBI agent explains why hackers are 'a little ahead' Yahoo Finance Today's charts: Foot Locker stock tumbles; Nvidia gets a bullish call; Deere soars on earnings beat Yahoo Finance Nvidia-GTC-2017-Corrected Yahoo Finance Video Elite student loan app SoFi is getting into wealth management Yahoo Finance Matthew Perry reveals the 'Friends' story line he had to kill Business Insider 4 reasons why bitcoin keeps hitting new highs Yahoo Finance Top 5 Secrets of the Private Prison Industry Daily Ticker Leon Cooperman: there are 4 things you can do with money Yahoo Finance Video How Google's trying to make the mobile web look less ugly Yahoo Finance Trump attorney didn't want him to sign financial disclosure Associated Press Approval of President Trump drops to lowest since inauguration: Reuters/Ipsos poll NM Pagan: I am really sick of the BS this president keep spewing along with all the lies. He should just resign since it is obvious the job is was above his ability to do. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.4k
language:English Thursday, October 24, 2013 Language Language www english german italy portuguese french russian espanol malay vietnamese laos cambodian thai indonesian filipino myanmar japanese korean mongol nepal hindi bengali turkish persian arabic Open search News Video Travel Photos Learn Chinese City Guide Free Mail King was 'secret co-pilot' Updated 2017-05-19 14:00:28 China Daily Dutch King Willem-Alexander has revealed that he has been secretly flying commercial aircraft for the last four years. The king told the Dutch newspaper De Telegraaf that he was stopping flying the Fokker 70 for KLM (Royal Dutch Airways). The Dutch-made aircraft is being retired from service to be replaced by the Boeing 737. While it was no secret that the king had a pilot's license, it was not known that he was flying as co-pilot on KLM short-haul services around Europe twice a month. He often addressed passengers but avoided giving his name. Some passengers did, he said, recognize his voice. "The advantage is that I can always say that I warmly welcome passengers on behalf of the captain and crew," the king said. "Then I don't have to give my name." Willem-Alexander volunteered to fly for the African Medical Research and Education Foundation and the Kenya Wildlife Service in the 1990s. He often flew the Dutch royal airplane during the reign of his mother. The 50-year-old father of three said flying was his hobby and it allowed him to leave his royal duties on the ground. "You have an aircraft, passengers and crew. You have responsibility for them," he told De Telegraaf. "You can't take your problems from the ground into the skies. You can completely disengage and concentrate on something else. That, for me, is the most relaxing part of flying." The Fokker 70 is a twin engine jet that can carry 72-85 passengers with two pilots. As of last year there were 45 in service with eight airlines and two governments - the Netherlands and Kenya. Willem-Alexander became the Prince of Orange in 1980, the heir to the Dutch throne, and king in 2013 after the death of Queen Beatrix. The Dutch royal family are sometimes described as the bicycling monarchs because of their relaxed style, which they share with the Scandinavian monarchies. Willem-Alexander said that he plans to retrain to fly KLM's Boeing 737s so passengers will have many more opportunities to be flown by royalty. Also in the News Showbiz2016/06/16 13:58May 20 2017 15:03:58 Nicole Kidman Recalls Oscar Glory: Loneliest Time Attending Shanghai International Film Festival, Nicole Kidman talks about her role in "Grace of Monaco". Also in the News2014/05/01 12:16May 20 2017 15:03:58 Labor Day Travel Peak Starts Also in the News2014/04/18 13:18May 20 2017 15:03:58 Johnny Depp Delivers a Speech 'Evolve the Future' in 'Transcendence' Hollywood star Johnny Depp's speech in the upcoming new film "Transcendence" has been disclosed on Friday, April 11th. Most Viewed Audio Reports CRI Director-General Wang Gengnian's 2017 New Year Speech Immersion Corporation Partner with Letv to Produce 4D Phones China's Import Tax Cut to Reduce Revenue and Bolster Consumption Short Selling of Stocks Opens to overseas Investors Sydney Celebrates Chinese New Year with Terracotta Warrior Lanterns Most Watched Specials Beijing Sets Up 1st Emergency Relief Unit for Blind Shanghai Sets up First Police Emergency Unit Jiangxi's "No.1 Bee Man" Breaks Guinness World Record A Day of a Tian'anmen Square Patrolman during Lianghui News: China World Business Sports Showbiz Audio Video: C4 My Chinese Life The Sound Stage China Revealed Showbiz Video Travel Video Photos: China World Fun Travel Entertainment Sports Travel: Beijing Shanghai Guangzhou Lifestyle: Live Music Opera & Classical Movies Traditional Shows Exhibitions Learn Chinese: Chinese Studio Living Chinese Everyday Chinese Just For Fun Chinese Culture Buzzwords About China.com|About GMG|Ad Services|Contact Information|Copyright Notice Copyright © China.com All Rights Reserved
| | | Log In using Facebook | Log In | Cart | Store Home Social Media Mobile Health PR & Marketing Physicians Pharma HIPAA Events Training Awards Advanced Search » Submit News Related Articles Related Articles By Category Branding PR & Marketing 24 great B2B and B2C brand journalism sites Want to find impressive game explosions? Curious about what IT skills offer opportunities for Jordanian women? Organizations’ news sites offer big journalism-style reporting. By Russell Working | Posted: May 19, 2017 DataSource: The requested DataSource 5f4ce871-9abc-4ec7-89fd-43fb6c737f57 is not accessible. 0 Tweet Advocate Heath Care is asking whether breastfed babies are smarter. Semiconductor chip maker Intel has insights on the top five most impressive game explosions. Power drink maker Red Bull wants you to know about three generations of a high-flying family and its “skytyping” business. All three are examples of a trend that has accelerated in the past six years: brand journalism sites. Recently, I was asked for stellar examples. After hitting up several experts, I offer the list below. Why practice brand journalism? Ragan Communications chief executive Mark Ragan, a former national political reporter and an early advocate of brand journalism, offers his philosophy: Stop begging the media, and become the media yourself. “Newsrooms have been decimated,” Ragan says. “If you want your company's story told, you'd better write it or shoot it yourself. “But brand journalism works only if your story is credible, is helpful to the reader and eschews all corporate-speak and jargon. If the story is self-serving or it is designed to sell, it's not brand journalism. It's marketing.” (Ragan heads Ragan Consulting Group, which works with businesses to establish brand journalism sites.) From videos to white papers David Meerman Scott , another early advocate, defines brand journalism as the creation of web content—videos, blog posts, photos, charts, graphs, essays, e-books, white papers—that deliver value to the marketplace and position organizations as worthy of doing business with. “Brand journalism is not a product pitch,” he says. “It is not an advertorial. It is not an egotistical spewing of gobbledygook-laden corporate drivel.” He adds that those with the traditional skills of marketing, public relations, advertising and copywriting are not the right people to create brand journalism content. “Instead, you need the skills of a journalist,” he says. [EVENT: Business Writing Summit] Here are the sites we came up with: B2B brand journalism The good news, for a B2B company, is that you needn’t sit out this trend as flashy B2C companies like Red Bull hog the limelight. Consider the following. Cisco Systems, the networking hardware company, covers everything from innovative technology hitting the theater stage to IT that skills offer opportunities for Jordanian women. American Express’ OPEN Forum started out as a forum for small businesses, but it has grown into a leading brand journalism site. And just how is virtual reality going to shape the future of consumer experiences?  IQ by Intel, in showcasing technology, offers not only the explosions article, but one on athletes and fans preparing for an e-sports competition Down Under. Adobe’s CMO will fill you in about everything from artificial intelligence to the U.S. Census Bureau, all in an effort to interest potential customers in the marketing department. Guys, HSBC Global Connections (and your female colleagues) think it’s high time you figured out “What Women Want—And What Businesses Need To Know.” GE has experimented with polished Facebook Live-casts tied to the Rio Olympics and “drome week.” If you’ve ever wondered how pilots rescue people from an avalanche in the Italian Alps, here’s where to go. UPS’ Longitudes has hosted series on trade and offers a piece titled, “3D Printing—Evolution Rather than Revolution.” Boeing has provided a wealth of stories and videos for aviation fans. A Veterans Day feature might sound internal: “Corps Education: Employees share how lessons learned during military service have helped them at Boeing.” Because the aerospace company’s customers include the Pentagon and many veterans in the airlines industry, it made sense as an outward-facing story, as well. Speaking of the Pentagon, Scott recommends the U.S. military’s Armed with Science site. Where else could you find out how the military is capturing sunlight at Nellis Air Force Base? B2C brand journalism Although giant consumer brands such as Coca-Cola were pathfinders in this area, many hospitals have joined the stampede as they find the public is eager for news about health care and healthy living. Coca-Cola Journey fills us in on testing augmented reality for bottling equipment maintenance. It’s also a good place to go if you want to see how a 125-year-old company digs into its archives for interesting story ideas. (Just who was Dr. Joseph Jacobs?) The Red Bulletin stays true to its adventure-seeking theme, because after all, don’t we all feel like diving with killer whales in Norway after guzzling a sports drink? Walmart Today, which has been highlighting a major U.S. manufacturing initiative, reports on a Polish candle-making company (and Walmart supplier) that put one of its factories in the United States. Advocate’s health enews offers good-living advice from doctors, nutritionists and other experts. Advocate isn’t the only hospital in this arena. Cleveland Clinic is the granddaddy in the field, andCape Cod Health and Health Beat at Spectrum Health provide similar information in their markets. Among other things, Cape Code will tell you what to do if your child is a picky eater. (Ragan consulted on Advocate, Spectrum and Cape Cod Health’s sites.) The Cleveland Metropolitan School District has also jumped in on the trend, with stories such as the one on a senior who won a $40,000 scholarship in a “Stop the Hate” contest. Alberta Energy Regulator’s reSource—like Denver Water's Tap, Duke Energy’s Illumination and Omaha Public Power District's The Wire—proves that utilities can get in on the game. (Ragan also provided consulting or training for these companies.) JLL, a professional services and investment management company, shows how companies needn’t be constricted by a limited definition of what interests their clientele. The latest issue reports onthe surge in skyscraper hotels and how India is making cites safe for women. The site earned coverage in The Wall Street Journal. Universities are getting in on the act, too. Metropolitan State University Denver has a new brand journalism site that tells about teaming up with the IRS’ Criminal Investigative Unit (also a Ragan client). An international consortium of universities offers scientific research in a journalism format at Futurity, where you can find out what mice and rats can teach us about anorexia. Upset that we left something out? No need to release underfed lab rats in our Chicago office or skywrite your disappointment over Lake Michigan. Just add your favorites to the comments. Tweet 0 Popularity: This record has been viewed 197 times. Healthcarecommunication.com moderates comments and reserves the right to remove posts that are abusive or otherwise inappropriate. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Home | Social Media | Mobile Health | PR & Marketing | Physicians | Pharma | HIPAA | Events | Training | Awards | Videos Ragan.com | PRDaily.com | PRDaily.eu | HRCommunication.com About Us | Contributors | Contact Us | FAQ | RSS | Store | Privacy Policy | Site Map Copyright Ragan Communications, Inc. Loading...
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Oil prices climb on hopes output cuts will be extended Business Standard Trump administration starts countdown to NAFTA talks in mid-August Reuters  |  WASHINGTON  May 19, 2017 Last Updated at 08:54 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVkugj ALSO READ Trump says 'will renegotiate' NAFTA deal with Canada, Mexico Trump says NAFTA deal with Canada, Mexico, is 'very possible' Corrected - Trump steps back from brink of killing North American trade pact Trump says U.S. will renegotiate trade pact with Canada, Mexico Trump executive order to quit NAFTA in the works, timing uncertain By David Lawder WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration on Thursday set the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for U.S. workers and manufacturers. With a letter to U.S. lawmakers, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said he triggered a 90-day consultation period with Congress, industries and the American public that would allow talks over one of the world's biggest trading blocs to begin by Aug. 16. Renegotiation of NAFTA was a key campaign promise of U.S. President Donald Trump, who frequently called the 23-year-old trade pact a "disaster" that has drained U.S. factories and well-paid manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Trump has pledged to use the NAFTA talks to shrink goods trade deficits that stood at $63 billion with Mexico and $11 billion with Canada last year, according to U.S. Census Bureau data. Lighthizer told reporters NAFTA has been successful for U.S. agriculture, investment services and the energy sector, but not for manufacturing. He added that he hopes to complete negotiations by the end of 2017. "As a starting point for negotiations, we should build on what has worked in NAFTA and change and improve what has not," Lighthizer said in a conference call with reporters. "If renegotiations result in a fairer deal for American workers there is value in making the transition to a modernized NAFTA as seamless as possible." In his letter to congressional leaders, Lighthizer said NAFTA needs modernization for provisions on digital trade, intellectual property rights, labor and environmental standards, regulatory practices, rules for state-owned enterprises and food safety standards. The Obama administration attempted to address many of these deficiencies in the 2015 Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which included Canada and Mexico, but Trump pulled out of TPP in one of his first official acts as president. Canada and Mexico both welcomed the U.S. move to launch a NAFTA revamp. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, speaking at a news conference with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington, said the trade pact needed updating after nearly 25 years. "The world has changed, we've learned a lot and we can make it better," he said. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada was "steadfastly committed to free trade in the North American region," noting that 9 million U.S. jobs depend on trade and investment with Canada. U.S. Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donohue urged U.S. officials to "do no harm" to businesses that depend on trade with Canada and Mexico and to move quickly on a new trilateral deal. As the administration took its first formal step toward NAFTA renegotiations, the U.S. Commerce Department launched an investigation on Thursday into Boeing Co's anti-dumping claims against Canadian rival Bombardier's new CSeries jetliners, drawing a threat from Canada to review a deal to buy Boeing fighter jets. Lighthizer's letter (https://ustr.gov/sites/default/files/files/Press/Releases/NAFTA%20Notification.pdf) is less detailed than a draft sent to lawmakers in March, which listed as objectives tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if Mexican and Canadian imports pose a serious injury threat to U.S. industry. Trump late in April had considered a full withdrawal from NAFTA, but was persuaded by senior officials in his administration to pursue negotiations instead. Lighthizer said he did not think a new threat to withdraw from NAFTA would be necessary. "As the president has said, we are going to give renegotiation a good strong shot," Lighthizer told reporters, adding that he believed Canada and Mexico would negotiate in good faith. He said he hoped to maintain the current trilateral format of NAFTA, but noted that many of NAFTA's problems are bilateral issues that need to be worked out with either Mexico or Canada. "Our hope is that we can end up with the structure similar to what we have now. If that should prove to be impossible, then we'll move in a different direction." Asked if the NAFTA talks would seek to resolve trade disputes over imports of Canadian softwood lumber or Mexican sugar, Lighthizer said he hoped those issues would be settled before the NAFTA talks begin under separate negotiations being conducted by the U.S. Commerce Department. A Canadian source close to the lumber negotiations said it was unlikely an agreement could be reached by mid-August, however. Lighthizer said he will seek public comment on the NAFTA process and intends to publish negotiating objectives on or about July 16. (Reporting by David Lawder and Yeganeh Torbati in Washington and David Ljunggren in Ottawa; editing by Paul Simao and Tom Brown) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Usa | Trade | Nafta | Free Trade | Canada | Washington | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Trump administration starts countdown to NAFTA talks in mid-August WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration on Thursday set the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for U.S. workers and manufacturers. By David Lawder WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration on Thursday set the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for U.S. workers and manufacturers. With a letter to U.S. lawmakers, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said he triggered a 90-day consultation period with Congress, industries and the American public that would allow talks over one of the world's biggest trading blocs to begin by Aug. 16. Renegotiation of NAFTA was a key campaign promise of U.S. President Donald Trump, who frequently called the 23-year-old trade pact a "disaster" that has drained U.S. factories and well-paid manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Trump has pledged to use the NAFTA talks to shrink goods trade deficits that stood at $63 billion with Mexico and $11 billion with Canada last year, according to U.S. Census Bureau data. Lighthizer told reporters NAFTA has been successful for U.S. agriculture, investment services and the energy sector, but not for manufacturing. He added that he hopes to complete negotiations by the end of 2017. "As a starting point for negotiations, we should build on what has worked in NAFTA and change and improve what has not," Lighthizer said in a conference call with reporters. "If renegotiations result in a fairer deal for American workers there is value in making the transition to a modernized NAFTA as seamless as possible." In his letter to congressional leaders, Lighthizer said NAFTA needs modernization for provisions on digital trade, intellectual property rights, labor and environmental standards, regulatory practices, rules for state-owned enterprises and food safety standards. The Obama administration attempted to address many of these deficiencies in the 2015 Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which included Canada and Mexico, but Trump pulled out of TPP in one of his first official acts as president. Canada and Mexico both welcomed the U.S. move to launch a NAFTA revamp. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, speaking at a news conference with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington, said the trade pact needed updating after nearly 25 years. "The world has changed, we've learned a lot and we can make it better," he said. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada was "steadfastly committed to free trade in the North American region," noting that 9 million U.S. jobs depend on trade and investment with Canada. U.S. Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donohue urged U.S. officials to "do no harm" to businesses that depend on trade with Canada and Mexico and to move quickly on a new trilateral deal. As the administration took its first formal step toward NAFTA renegotiations, the U.S. Commerce Department launched an investigation on Thursday into Boeing Co's anti-dumping claims against Canadian rival Bombardier's new CSeries jetliners, drawing a threat from Canada to review a deal to buy Boeing fighter jets. Lighthizer's letter (https://ustr.gov/sites/default/files/files/Press/Releases/NAFTA%20Notification.pdf) is less detailed than a draft sent to lawmakers in March, which listed as objectives tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if Mexican and Canadian imports pose a serious injury threat to U.S. industry. Trump late in April had considered a full withdrawal from NAFTA, but was persuaded by senior officials in his administration to pursue negotiations instead. Lighthizer said he did not think a new threat to withdraw from NAFTA would be necessary. "As the president has said, we are going to give renegotiation a good strong shot," Lighthizer told reporters, adding that he believed Canada and Mexico would negotiate in good faith. He said he hoped to maintain the current trilateral format of NAFTA, but noted that many of NAFTA's problems are bilateral issues that need to be worked out with either Mexico or Canada. "Our hope is that we can end up with the structure similar to what we have now. If that should prove to be impossible, then we'll move in a different direction." Asked if the NAFTA talks would seek to resolve trade disputes over imports of Canadian softwood lumber or Mexican sugar, Lighthizer said he hoped those issues would be settled before the NAFTA talks begin under separate negotiations being conducted by the U.S. Commerce Department. A Canadian source close to the lumber negotiations said it was unlikely an agreement could be reached by mid-August, however. Lighthizer said he will seek public comment on the NAFTA process and intends to publish negotiating objectives on or about July 16. (Reporting by David Lawder and Yeganeh Torbati in Washington and David Ljunggren in Ottawa; editing by Paul Simao and Tom Brown) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Trump administration starts countdown to NAFTA talks in mid-August By David Lawder WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The Trump administration on Thursday set the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for U.S. workers and manufacturers. With a letter to U.S. lawmakers, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said he triggered a 90-day consultation period with Congress, industries and the American public that would allow talks over one of the world's biggest trading blocs to begin by Aug. 16. Renegotiation of NAFTA was a key campaign promise of U.S. President Donald Trump, who frequently called the 23-year-old trade pact a "disaster" that has drained U.S. factories and well-paid manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Trump has pledged to use the NAFTA talks to shrink goods trade deficits that stood at $63 billion with Mexico and $11 billion with Canada last year, according to U.S. Census Bureau data. Lighthizer told reporters NAFTA has been successful for U.S. agriculture, investment services and the energy sector, but not for manufacturing. He added that he hopes to complete negotiations by the end of 2017. "As a starting point for negotiations, we should build on what has worked in NAFTA and change and improve what has not," Lighthizer said in a conference call with reporters. "If renegotiations result in a fairer deal for American workers there is value in making the transition to a modernized NAFTA as seamless as possible." In his letter to congressional leaders, Lighthizer said NAFTA needs modernization for provisions on digital trade, intellectual property rights, labor and environmental standards, regulatory practices, rules for state-owned enterprises and food safety standards. The Obama administration attempted to address many of these deficiencies in the 2015 Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which included Canada and Mexico, but Trump pulled out of TPP in one of his first official acts as president. Canada and Mexico both welcomed the U.S. move to launch a NAFTA revamp. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, speaking at a news conference with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington, said the trade pact needed updating after nearly 25 years. "The world has changed, we've learned a lot and we can make it better," he said. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada was "steadfastly committed to free trade in the North American region," noting that 9 million U.S. jobs depend on trade and investment with Canada. U.S. Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donohue urged U.S. officials to "do no harm" to businesses that depend on trade with Canada and Mexico and to move quickly on a new trilateral deal. As the administration took its first formal step toward NAFTA renegotiations, the U.S. Commerce Department launched an investigation on Thursday into Boeing Co's anti-dumping claims against Canadian rival Bombardier's new CSeries jetliners, drawing a threat from Canada to review a deal to buy Boeing fighter jets. Lighthizer's letter (https://ustr.gov/sites/default/files/files/Press/Releases/NAFTA%20Notification.pdf) is less detailed than a draft sent to lawmakers in March, which listed as objectives tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if Mexican and Canadian imports pose a serious injury threat to U.S. industry. Trump late in April had considered a full withdrawal from NAFTA, but was persuaded by senior officials in his administration to pursue negotiations instead. Lighthizer said he did not think a new threat to withdraw from NAFTA would be necessary. "As the president has said, we are going to give renegotiation a good strong shot," Lighthizer told reporters, adding that he believed Canada and Mexico would negotiate in good faith. He said he hoped to maintain the current trilateral format of NAFTA, but noted that many of NAFTA's problems are bilateral issues that need to be worked out with either Mexico or Canada. "Our hope is that we can end up with the structure similar to what we have now. If that should prove to be impossible, then we'll move in a different direction." Asked if the NAFTA talks would seek to resolve trade disputes over imports of Canadian softwood lumber or Mexican sugar, Lighthizer said he hoped those issues would be settled before the NAFTA talks begin under separate negotiations being conducted by the U.S. Commerce Department. A Canadian source close to the lumber negotiations said it was unlikely an agreement could be reached by mid-August, however. Lighthizer said he will seek public comment on the NAFTA process and intends to publish negotiating objectives on or about July 16. (Reporting by David Lawder and Yeganeh Torbati in Washington and David Ljunggren in Ottawa; editing by Paul Simao and Tom Brown) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
HOME Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Tablet Mobile Other Publications The Acorn Camarillo Acorn Moorpark Acorn Simi Valley Acorn Thousand Oaks Acorn Beyond Submission Forms Contact Us Login Browse Archives News Front Page Community Faith Family Pets Business Health & Wellness Opinion Editorials Letters Sports On the Town Schools Real Estate Calendar Police Blotter Neighbors Advertising Advertising Information Private Party Order Rentals Order Service Directory E-mail Us 2017-05-19 / Front Page Tweet Print DTSC gives Brandeis campus a clean bill of health But some activists remain skeptical By Melissa Simon melissa@theacorn.com ALL CLEAR—Brandeis-Bardin Institute in Simi Valley has served Ventura County’s Jewish population for over 70 years. It lies just north of the Santa Susana Field Lab (see map at right), a former government rocket engine and nuclear energy test site that once suffered a meltdown. Courtesy photos Contamination from the Santa Susana Field Lab does not pose a health risk to users of the neighboring Brandeis-Bardin Institute in Simi Valley, according to a report released this month by the Department of Toxic Substances Control. The Brandeis-Bardin Institute, a 2,800-acre center for Jewish learning founded in 1941 that includes Camp Alonim for kids and teens, is located north of the field lab, where a partial nuclear meltdown occurred in 1959. Prompted by lingering questions of potential health risks at the institute, the DTSC recently reviewed about 25 years’ worth of environmental data gathered from Brandeis and released a report May 2 confirming the safety of the campus. “Based on . . . our review of the available data and sampling efforts from the past 25 years, DTSC has determined that the levels of chemicals and radionuclides found on the campus do not indicate a threat to the students, faculty, campers, staff or any visitors,” DTSC spokesman Mohsen Nazemi said during a May 11 media conference call. But many remain skeptical of the report’s findings. The Santa Susana Field Laboratory Work Group— a committee consisting of representatives from the community, academic institutions, and pub- lic health advocacy and nuclear policy organizations—called the DTSC report a “deeply troubling memorandum.” “DTSC’s memo is not a scientific document, but rather a supersized word salad filled with extraordinary misrepresentations of the existing data,” work group members said in a May 11 statement provided to the Acorn. “This memo threatens the entire cleanup and puts at risk all who live in the area.” Off-site migration Built in 1947, SSFL helped launch the nation into the Space Age and aided in the development of advanced rocket systems and weapons by conducting nuclear experiments. Toxic cleanup efforts have been underway at the 2,850-acre field lab for the past decade. Boeing Co. owns about 80 percent of the property, while the federal government owns the remaining 20 percent. NASA and the U.S. Department of Energy are also involved in the cleanup. While the field lab is no longer active, some are concerned that contamination left from decades of testing has migrated off-site to the Brandeis-Bardin campus—an assertion the DTSC flatly rejects in its May 2 report. Denise Duffield, an activist and member of the SSFL work group, asserts the DTSC left out key independent studies— like one conducted in 2006 by UCLA’s Yoram Cohen and University of Michigan’s Hal Morgenstern—that indicate field lab contamination has migrated off-site. “By excluding recent reports that show contamination at Brandeis and misrepresenting existing data, DTSC has made it appear that Brandeis- Bardin—located directly below one of the most contaminated sites in California—has not been impacted by SSFL. And that is false,” Duffield told the Acorn. “DTSC simply needs to be honest about contamination findings, not cherry-pick which reports it will use (because) this issue is not so much about testing as it is about cleanup,” she said. “DTSC needs to clean up all of the contamination at its source—SSFL—so that there can be no more off-site migration that threatens nearby communities.” Rabbi Jay Strear, senior vice president of the American Jewish University, which has owned the institute since 2007, said the “tremendous total body of data conclusively states . . . that Brandeis-Bardin is safe.” “We regret that for some, emotion and ideology have eclipsed the ability to objectively consider the voluminous body of scientific data developed and studied by the U.S. (Environmental Protection Agency) and DTSC,” the rabbi said in an email. ‘No hazardous concerns’ During the May 11 conference call, Nazemi was asked whether Camp Alonim kids—the camp has been operating since 1953— had always been safe from contamination, even when the partial nuclear meltdown occurred at the field lab in 1959. In response to the question, the DTSC spokesman said he declined to comment “on what may have happened 25 years ago or 50 years ago.” He said only that past testing showed “no hazardous concerns.” In the 1990s, however, Brandeis-Bardin sued Rocketdyne— the owner of SSFL at the time—after studies conducted by Rocketdyne revealed that several contaminants, including tritium and toxic cleaning solvent TCE, had migrated to the campus. The studies were confirmed by an off-site runoff analysis conducted by the U.S. EPA. Brandeis-Bardin alleged the pollution had damaged the camp, but the parties settled for $3 million before the case went to trial. When asked why the lawsuit, which contains evidence of previous health concerns, was not included in the DTSC’s May 2 report, Nazemi said he was unfamiliar with the case. “In 1997, Boeing actually purchased the part of Brandeis with the highest radionuclides and incorporated that into the field lab . . . and we will be addressing it through our draft (environmental impact report for cleanup at SSFL),” he said. Strear said the 180 acres acquired by Boeing was not part of the campus when the American Jewish University took over in 2007. “Because the lawsuit was settled before AJU acquired the property, we have only limited information about the details,” the rabbi said. “Anecdotally, prior to this settlement, the U.S. EPA had already concluded that Brandeis- Bardin . . . was safe.” Return to top Copyright © 2004-2017 J.Bee NP Publishing, Ltd., All Rights Reserved. Newspaper web site content management software and services
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Trump administration starts countdown to NAFTA talks in mid-August Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Fri May 19, 2017 | 8:54am IST Trump administration starts countdown to NAFTA talks in mid-August U.S. President Donald Trump looks over at Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos (L) during their joint news conference at the White House in Washington, U.S. May 18, 2017. By David Lawder | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON The Trump administration on Thursday set the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for U.S. workers and manufacturers. With a letter to U.S. lawmakers, U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said he triggered a 90-day consultation period with Congress, industries and the American public that would allow talks over one of the world's biggest trading blocs to begin by Aug. 16. Renegotiation of NAFTA was a key campaign promise of U.S. President Donald Trump, who frequently called the 23-year-old trade pact a "disaster" that has drained U.S. factories and well-paid manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Trump has pledged to use the NAFTA talks to shrink goods trade deficits that stood at $63 billion with Mexico and $11 billion with Canada last year, according to U.S. Census Bureau data. Lighthizer told reporters NAFTA has been successful for U.S. agriculture, investment services and the energy sector, but not for manufacturing. He added that he hopes to complete negotiations by the end of 2017. "As a starting point for negotiations, we should build on what has worked in NAFTA and change and improve what has not," Lighthizer said in a conference call with reporters. "If renegotiations result in a fairer deal for American workers there is value in making the transition to a modernized NAFTA as seamless as possible." In his letter to congressional leaders, Lighthizer said NAFTA needs modernization for provisions on digital trade, intellectual property rights, labor and environmental standards, regulatory practices, rules for state-owned enterprises and food safety standards. The Obama administration attempted to address many of these deficiencies in the 2015 Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which included Canada and Mexico, but Trump pulled out of TPP in one of his first official acts as president. Canada and Mexico both welcomed the U.S. move to launch a NAFTA revamp. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, speaking at a news conference with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington, said the trade pact needed updating after nearly 25 years. "The world has changed, we've learned a lot and we can make it better," he said. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada was "steadfastly committed to free trade in the North American region," noting that 9 million U.S. jobs depend on trade and investment with Canada. U.S. Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donohue urged U.S. officials to "do no harm" to businesses that depend on trade with Canada and Mexico and to move quickly on a new trilateral deal. As the administration took its first formal step toward NAFTA renegotiations, the U.S. Commerce Department launched an investigation on Thursday into Boeing Co's anti-dumping claims against Canadian rival Bombardier's new CSeries jetliners, drawing a threat from Canada to review a deal to buy Boeing fighter jets. Lighthizer's letter (here%20Notification.pdf) is less detailed than a draft sent to lawmakers in March, which listed as objectives tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if Mexican and Canadian imports pose a serious injury threat to U.S. industry. Trump late in April had considered a full withdrawal from NAFTA, but was persuaded by senior officials in his administration to pursue negotiations instead. Lighthizer said he did not think a new threat to withdraw from NAFTA would be necessary. "As the president has said, we are going to give renegotiation a good strong shot," Lighthizer told reporters, adding that he believed Canada and Mexico would negotiate in good faith. He said he hoped to maintain the current trilateral format of NAFTA, but noted that many of NAFTA's problems are bilateral issues that need to be worked out with either Mexico or Canada. "Our hope is that we can end up with the structure similar to what we have now. If that should prove to be impossible, then we'll move in a different direction." Asked if the NAFTA talks would seek to resolve trade disputes over imports of Canadian softwood lumber or Mexican sugar, Lighthizer said he hoped those issues would be settled before the NAFTA talks begin under separate negotiations being conducted by the U.S. Commerce Department. A Canadian source close to the lumber negotiations said it was unlikely an agreement could be reached by mid-August, however. Lighthizer said he will seek public comment on the NAFTA process and intends to publish negotiating objectives on or about July 16. (Reporting by David Lawder and Yeganeh Torbati in Washington and David Ljunggren in Ottawa; editing by Paul Simao and Tom Brown) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News Price recovery dampens Asian gold demand MUMBAI/BENGALURU Gold demand in Asia was mostly subdued this week as buyers stayed on the sidelines due to a rebound in bullion prices. China's second-quarter GDP growth seen at around 6.8 percent - official think tank SHANGHAI China's economy will likely expand around 6.8 percent in the second quarter of 2017, the State Information Center said in an article published in the state-owned China Securities Journal on Saturday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick India's new GST leaves service providers worried Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business A visitor takes a photograph of a Bombardierdisplay showing the company's C Series and CRJ Series aircraft at the China International Aviation & Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai, China, on Monday, Oct. 31, 2016. (Qilai Shen/Bloomberg) A visitor takes a photograph of a Bombardierdisplay showing the company's C Series and CRJ Series aircraft at the China International Aviation & Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai, China, on Monday, Oct. 31, 2016. (Qilai Shen/Bloomberg) China’s Comac eyes investment in Bombardier Add to ... Nicolas Van Praet MONTREAL — The Globe and Mail Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 11:33AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 4:56PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article New questions are being raised about Bombardier Inc.’s plans for the C Series following a report the Canadian company held talks with Chinese state-owned manufacturer Comac about an investment in the fledgling airliner program. Comac is working with at least one bank on a tie-up that could see it make an investment in Bombardier’s commercial aerospace arm or take a stake in the C Series program, the Financial Times said, citing unnamed sources. “Everything is on the table,” the newspaper quoted a source as saying. The companies have been in talks for some time although no decision is imminent, the paper reported. Bombardier spokesman Mike Nadolski declined to address the matter, citing a company policy of never commenting on market rumours or speculation. Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd. or Comac could not be immediately reached. Bombardier chief executive officer Alain Bellemare has said he would begin pursuing strategic options for parts of the business this year as he executes a five-year plan to rebuild earnings and cash flow. The company’s recent reported talks with German train maker Siemens AG are part of that effort. In China, Bombardier has an opportunity to leverage an existing relationship with Comac to further its own interests, said Ernie Arvai of boutique aerospace consultancy AirInsight. Bombardier would get more capital in what is shaping up to be a fiercer fight with Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE than what anyone had imagined, Mr. Arvai said. It could also win better market access to Chinese customers in what is expected to be the world’s biggest growth market for plane sales over the next 20 years. In exchange, a deal could help Comac win additional Bombardier backing on technology development, engineering and global customer support, Mr. Arvai said. That could speed up Chinese aerospace manufacturing ambitions. In a bid to cut China’s dependency on Boeing and Airbus, Comac is developing the C919, a single-aisle jet that seats up to 168 passengers. The plane marked its maiden flight this month but faces a long road to commercial service. Its sales potential outside China remains unknown. Bombardier and Comac signed a strategic co-operation agreement in 2012 that saw the two manufacturers collaborate on common systems for the C919 and C Series planes. The partnership included working together on cockpit and electrical systems as well as the supply chain. But the report suggesting Bombardier is exploring a deepening of those ties also raises several questions, namely what it implies about Bombardier’s own outlook and how the current minority investor in the C Series program, Quebec, will respond, said Dan Fong, an analyst at Veritas Investment Research in Toronto. “My first take is basically either something’s not going right with Comac’s C919 or Bombardier clearly sees some trouble ahead for themselves so they’re looking for additional help,” Mr. Fong said. Bombardier held talks with European plane maker Airbus in 2015 on an investment in the C Series but the discussions broke off after their existence was leaked to the media. At the time, Montreal-based Bombardier was grappling with a cash crunch as it tried to get the 100- to 150-seat airliner to market following a two-year delay and rising costs. The government of Quebec jumped in with a $1-billion (U.S.) investment that saved the C Series and the plane maker from possible collapse. Quebec now owns a 49.5-per-cent stake in a new limited partnership controlling the C Series program, which could complicate any deal with the Chinese. That investment is now the subject of a trade complaint by Boeing. Mr. Fong said Quebec’s investment was partly contingent on Bombardier maintaining jobs and operations at its Mirabel, Que., manufacturing site. How that commitment would mesh with any new Chinese investment is unclear. There are also accounting concerns if Bombardier gives up majority control of the C Series limited partnership, he said. China is a key supplier on the C Series. The aircraft’s fuselage is built by Shenyang Aircraft Corp., a subsidiary of another state-owned aviation company. “We are in close relationship with China,” Mr. Bellemare told shareholders at the company’s annual meeting May 11 after a question on the country’s plane-making aspirations. “We’re working in close collaboration with them and we’re following the situation closely.” Report Typo/Error Follow Nicolas Van Praet on Twitter: @NickVanPraet   BBD.B-TBombardier Inc Latest Price$2.11 +0.05 (+2.43%) BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$180.76 +3.36 (+1.89%) Updated May 19 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Governance Top-level change loosens grip of Bombardier founding family Bombardier signs $700-million IT deal with IBM in cost-cut push U.S. opens probe into Boeing's dumping claims against Bombardier Topics Airbus SA Transportation United States of America The Boeing Company Financial Times Inc. China Quebec Bombardier Inc. Aerospace Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Opinion: What is cultural appropriation? Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News Flooding on Toronto Islands affecting businesses Life Add some flair to your long weekend BBQ with this surf and turf dish News Obese monkey gets help with junk food habit Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs Report on Business IBM's quantum computer gets powerful upgrade News Nova Scotia PC, NDP leaders take aim at Premier News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor No advice but still a price: Fund fees for DIY investors draw fire Arts At Cannes, the screen belongs to female filmmakers Most popular Team Trudeau’s precarious friendship with Jared Kushner First Nations leaders question safety of youth in Thunder Bay May 20: Your daily horoscope Report says La Loche shooter asked if he would get gift to mark anniversary of attack Will Ottawa’s new plan lower Canada's high drug prices? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Pasar al contenido principal Aviso Oportuno Revistas Blogs Servicios amazon Inmuebles Vehiculos FOTOS EL UNIVERSAL TV GRÁFICOS MINUTO X MINUTO LO MÁS VISTO Formulario de búsqueda Término de búsqueda Nación Seguridad Política Sociedad Mundo Metrópoli D.F. Edomex Estados Opinión Cartera Finanzas Economía Negocios Management Emprendedores Tu cartera Indicadores Deportes Fútbol Box Béisbol Más deportes Espectáculos Música Televisión Cine Teatro Farándula Cultura Letras Artes visuales Artes escénicas Música Patrimonio Confabulario Periodismo de datos Periodismo de investigación Tiempo de relojes Ciencia y Salud Ciencia Tecnología Salud Techbit Menú De Última Destinos Autopistas English Minuto x minuto El Universal TV English rss Es Noticia: Mexico Drug War Mexican journalists Mexico-U.S. relations Mexico-Canada relations Se encuentra usted aquí INICIO // English // Expected to start flights with electric airplanes in 10 years Expected to start flights with electric airplanes in 10 years Airplanes can carry up to 50 passengers in short routes like Mexico City-Cancún Compartir Photo: Alejandra Leyva/EL UNIVERSAL 18/05/2017 20:10 Sara Cantera -A +A In 10 years there will be short commercial flights by electric airplanes, assured Bertrand Piccard, founder and CEO of Solar Impulse. Piccard was the first person to travel around the world in an aerostatic balloon in 1999 and in 2016 concluded his first Earth revolution in the Solar Impulse II plane, powered solely by solar energy. “Airbus, NASA, Boeing and other companies are working on electric mobility. Not for intercontinental flights yet, but for 310 to 620 miles flights. The electric airplane will recharge its batteries on land, not in the sky with solar light like the Solar Impulse,” he said. Piccard remarked that clean energy investments do generate profit, so companies should be more interested in this kind of projects because governments consider them costly. “When you fly more than 6.200 miles in a commercial airplane with 400 passengers, you have no other solution to replace fuel, but in a car, for instance, three-quarters of the gasoline are lost due to the motor's inefficiency and an electric car is 97% efficient, it only wastes 3% of the energy,” he stated. Piccard also presented his new project called World Alliance for Clean Technologies, which aims to create a platform for smaller projects and from unknown people. In the COP23 will be presented the first list with a thousand projects, all approved by external and international specialists. Pierre Comptdaer, ABB México's CEO, a company dedicated to the management of energy and the development of clean technology, said that three engineers from the firm joined the Solar Impulse team to enhance control systems for land operations, to improve electronic recharge for the battery system of the plane, and to solve the obstacles encountered during the route. ABB built a photovoltaic power station in San Luis Potosí state, with a capacity of 1,2 MW and also designs and installs quick recharge stations for electric vehicles and electric public transportation in Mexico. mr Compartir TAGS electric airplanes, Solar Impulse, Bertrand Piccard, ABB México, Pierre Comptdaer   Comentarios MÁS EN Techbit Ir a la sección de Techbit Ya hay 70 millones de internautas en México Bruselas multa a Facebook por mentir al comprar WhatsApp Subastan "Apple I", considerado el primer PC NOTICIAS DEL DÍA Ir a la portada El rey de Holanda pilotea vuelos comerciales y ningún pasajero lo sabe Más empresas incumplen medidas por contingencia ambiental Profepa ha realizado un total de 162 visitas técnicas a empresas de la jurisdicción federal para realizar revisiones desde este lunes, cuando fue declarada la Fase I de contingencia ambiental para la zona Metropolitana del Valle de México por ozono Gala Despertares llegará en agosto al Auditorio Nacional VIVEUSA Tema de Titanic vuelve a los escenarios, aquí sus récords El sexy descuido de Bella Hadid Estas son las redes sociales más dañinas para tu salud mental   Directorio Contáctanos Código de Ética Cómo cubrimos la Violencia Publicidad Aviso Legal Aviso Privacidad Mapa del Sitio Historia Aviso de Privacidad: EL UNIVERSAL, COMPAÑÍA PERIODÍSTICA NACIONAL, S.A. DE C.V. Descargar nuestra app © 2000 - 2017 Todos los derechos reservados EL UNIVERSAL, Compañía Periodística Nacional. De no existir previa autorización, queda expresamente prohibida la Publicación, retransmisión, edición y cualquier otro uso de los contenidos X
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SES-15 on orbit, Arianespace celebrates 79th successful launch in a row Arianespace is getting close to new record: 100 successful launches in a row performed by one organization. Thanks to Russian Soyuz rocket Company delivered today to orbit SES-15 communications satellite. With the codename VS17 Arianespace signed launch of Russian Soyuz-2.1b rocket from Guiana Space Center with first SES satellite with electric propulsion. This step is important on the way of SES to improve their fleet of communication satellites. SES-15 was contracted and built by Boeing with utilization of reliable and proven Boeing 702SP satellite bus with 15 years operational life. Launch took place from ELS launch site at Guiana Space Center punctually at 11:54 UTC. Rocket performed extremely well and after sixteen minutes Fregat upper stage separated from the core of the rocket and begun its journey to GTO orbit. After nine Read more => SES-15 on orbit, Arianespace celebrates 79th successful launch in a row CategoriesUncategorized TagsArianespace, Guiana Space Center, SES, SES-15, Soyuz-2.1b, VS17 Post navigation Previous PostPrevious The Los Angeles Conservation Corps Announces the new Paddle the LA River Program for 2017. Next PostNext Global Household Appliances Manufacturing Market Research Report 2017 Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Baobab: The Long Lasting Super Premium Polo Shirt Now Available on Kickstarter Orlando Group Roofing and General Construction Receives GAF’s Prestigious 2017 President’s Club Award 2017 to 2022 Global Pet Chip Market Research Analysis Report COLDWELL BANKER COMMERCIAL WESTMAC ARRANGES $3 MILLION SALE OF COMMERCIAL PROPERTY IN SANTA MONICA, CA Global Cutting Tool Inserts Market to Grow at a CAGR of 8.83% to 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Sambit Kumar Global Sensing Satellite Market studied with Product description, Application, forecast and many more for 2017-2021 “Global Sensing Satellite Market Research Report Forecast 2017-2021” Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977. This report on global Sensing Satellite market is a detailed research study that helps provides answers and pertinent questions with respect to the emerging trends and growth opportunities in this particular industry. It helps identify each of the prominent barriers to growth, apart from identifying the trends within various application segments of the global market for Sensing Satellite. Collecting historical and recent data from various authentic resources, and depending on all the factors and trends, the report presents a figurative estimate of the future market condition, along with compound annual growth rate (CAGR). Get Sample Copy of This Report @: http://www.researchnreports.com/request_sample.php?id=58009 According to New Research, As the Global Sensing Satellite market is segmented based on various parameters, an in-depth classification of the market is also mentioned; elements impacting the market’s growth are studied in detail to understand the report precisely. Moreover this, profiles of some of the leading players operating in the global market are included in the report. Using SWOT analysis, their weaknesses and strengths are analyzed. It helps the study deliver visions into the opportunities and threats that companies may face during the forecast period. Companies Profiled in this Report includes Airbus Defence and Space, Orbital ATK, Ball Aerospace & Technologies, Mitsubishi Electric, Lockheed Martin, CASC, Thales Alenia Space, Boeing, ISS Reshetnev and Many More….. Get 20-30% Discount on This Report @: http://www.researchnreports.com/ask_for_discount.php?id=58009 This report on global Sensing Satellite market is a detailed research study that helps provides answers and pertinent questions with respect to the emerging trends and growth opportunities in this particular industry. It helps identify each of the prominent barriers to growth, apart from identifying the trends within various application segments of the global market for Sensing Satellite. Collecting historical and recent data from various authentic resources, and depending on all the factors and trends, the report presents a figurative estimate of the future market condition, along with compound annual growth rate (CAGR). Complete Report Available at @: https://www.researchnreports.com/defence-aeronautics/Global-Sensing-Satellite-Market-Research-Report-Forecast-2017-2021-58009  Reasons for Buying Sensing Satellite Market Report: Sensing Satellite Market Report provides pin-point analysis for changing competitive dynamics. It provides a forward looking perspective on different factors driving or restraining market growth. It provides the Sensing Satellite industry overview with growth analysis and historical & futuristic cost, revenue, demand and supply data. It helps in understanding the key product segments and their future. It provides a six-year forecast assessed on the basis of how the market is predicted to grow. Table of Contents Global Sensing Satellite Market Research Report 2017 Chapter 1        Report Scope & Methodology Chapter 2        Market Dynamics Chapter 3        Industry Analysis Chapter 4        Competitive Insights Chapter 5        Sensing Satellite Market by Service Type Chapter 6        Market by Technology Type Chapter 7        Market by Geography Chapter 8        Company Profiles Chapter 9         List of Tables Chapter 10       List of Figures     About Research N Reports:                                                                                 Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a consumer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a result getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat United States  competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer consulting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof. Contact us: Mr. Sunny Denis Contact No. +1-888-631-6977 sales@researchnreports.com (ResearchnReports) CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsIntegrated Telecommunication Services, Satellite Market, sensing satellite industry, Sensing Satellite Market, Sensing Satellite Market forecast, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Building Integrated Photovoltaics Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast 2021 Next PostNext Verona Pharma Announces Closing of Exercise of Underwriters’ Over-allotment Option Search Recent Posts Global Low Harmonic Drives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 4.76% to 2021 Pantoprazole Sodium (CAS 138786-67-1) Professional Survey Report in Forecast to 2022 Health Tech Startup SAFKAN Wins $145,000 Grand Prize at Seattle Angel Conference XI Thom Ross “My Last Conversation with Albert Ball” New Paintings Protein For Fitness Offers Exercise Enthusiasts a One-Stop Reference for Reviews, News, and More Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Tech US Military Is Close to Selecting Builder for XS-1 Space Plane By Leonard David, Space.com's Space Insider Columnist | May 18, 2017 07:30am ET MORE The Defense Advances Research Projects Agency (DARPA) is seeking the development of a reusable military spacecraft XS-1 space plane. Several concepts for the spacecraft are seen here. Credit: DARPA The U.S. military's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) will soon select a company to build its robotic XS-1 space plane, according to media reports. DARPA has entered the final stages of the selection process, in which it will ultimately choose one company to construct the space plane, Air Force Magazine reported last week. In Phase 1 of the XS-1 program, DARPA awarded prime contracts to three companies, each of which will work with a commercial launch provider: Boeing (working with Blue Origin), Masten Space Systems (working with XCOR Aerospace) and Northrop Grumman (working with Virgin Galactic). [DARPA's Experimental XS-1 Space Plane in Pictures] However, the Phase 2 contractor won't necessarily be chosen from the three Phase 1 participants, according to the Air Force Magazine report. Early DARPA artwork of the XS-1 military space plane. Credit: DARPA Technical goals The XS-1 space plane will consist of a reusable booster vehicle and an expendable upper stage. According to the DARPA website, the XS-1 program has four primary technical goals: Fly 10 times in a 10-day period, to demonstrate efficient, aircraft-like access to space. Fly fast enough to allow the use of a small (and therefore cheap) expendable upper stage. Launch a 900-lb. to 1,500-lb. (408 to 680 kilograms) payload, to demonstrate a launch capability that could support both military and commercial missions. The same XS-1 vehicle could eventually also launch future payloads in excess of 3,000 lbs. (1,360 kg), by using a larger upper stage. Reduce the cost of access to space to about $5 million per flight for payloads of at least 3,000 lbs. "Structures made of advanced materials, cryogenic tanks, durable thermal protection, and modular subsystems would make possible a vehicle able to launch, fly to high speeds and then land in a condition amenable to rapid turnaround and launch with the next payload. Reusable, reliable propulsion would also be essential for a low-cost and recurring flight capability," DARPA officials wrote on the agency's website last year. Northrop Grumman is one of three firms vying for XS-1 space plane. The company's concept is shown here. Credit: Northrop Grumman Flight by 2020? If everything goes according to plan, the XS-1 could get off the ground just a few years from now. "After downselect, a critical design review would take place in 2018, and a series of flights could be made as early as 2020," Air Force Magazine's John Tirpak wrote in his story last week. "One of the program requirements is to fly 10 suborbital or orbital missions in as many days, achieving space operations with ‘aircraft-like’ frequency, DARPA said. If successful, a 'public-private partnership' model of operating the vehicles could be adopted, DARPA documents show."  Space.com contacted Jess Sponable, program manager of XS-1 at DARPA's Tactical Technology Office, about the Air Force Magazine report and projected timelines for XS-1 milestones. "Absolutely, we are moving forward. But we never say so until it is a done deal," Sponable said.  Leonard David is author of "Mars: Our Future on the Red Planet," published by National Geographic. The book is a companion to the National Geographic Channel series "Mars." A longtime writer for Space.com, David has been reporting on the space industry for more than five decades. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. This version of this story was posted on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations Space Planes: Evolution of the Winged Spaceship (Infographic) Spaceplanes Vs. Reusable Rockets – Which Will Win? Spaceplane: Suborbital Vehicle for Space Tourism & Science Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular Planet Classification: How to Group Exoplanets Moving Black Hole Possibly Spotted in Far Away Galaxy | Video Fomalhaut Star's Huge Ring of Dusty Debris Captured by ALMA | Video Update: Star Trek Discovery Expands Season, Sets New Debut Date, Gets Spin-Off Talk Show Earth Could Blow Past a Dangerous Temperature Threshold in Less Than a Decade HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Toggle navigation Toggle Universal Navigation News facebook twitter youtube login Home News Business Entertainment Life Sports Overseas Trending Focus Weather ANC DZMM TV PATROL Home  >  Business US counts down to Mexico, Canada trade talks in August David Lawder, Reuters Posted at May 19 2017 07:49 AM Share Save Facebook Twitter GPlus LinkedIn WASHINGTON - The Trump administration on Thursday set the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for US workers and manufacturers. With a letter to lawmakers, US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said he triggered a 90-day consultation period with Congress, industries and the American public that would allow talks over one of the world's biggest trading blocs to begin by Aug. 16. Renegotiation of NAFTA was a key campaign promise of US President Donald Trump, who frequently called the 23-year-old trade pact a "disaster" that has drained US factories and well-paid manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Trump has pledged to use the NAFTA talks to shrink goods trade deficits that stood at $63 billion with Mexico and $11 billion with Canada last year, according to US Census Bureau data. Lighthizer told reporters NAFTA has been successful for US agriculture, investment services and the energy sector, but not for manufacturing. He added that he hopes to complete negotiations by the end of 2017. "As a starting point for negotiations, we should build on what has worked in NAFTA and change and improve what has not," Lighthizer said in a conference call with reporters. "If renegotiations result in a fairer deal for American workers there is value in making the transition to a modernized NAFTA as seamless as possible." In his letter to congressional leaders, Lighthizer said NAFTA needs modernization for provisions on digital trade, intellectual property rights, labor and environmental standards, regulatory practices, rules for state-owned enterprises and food safety standards. The Obama administration attempted to address many of these deficiencies in the 2015 Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which included Canada and Mexico, but Trump pulled out of TPP in one of his first official acts as president. Canada and Mexico both welcomed the US move to launch a NAFTA revamp. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, speaking at a news conference with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington, said the trade pact needed updating after nearly 25 years. "The world has changed, we've learned a lot and we can make it better," he said. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada was "steadfastly committed to free trade in the North American region," noting that 9 million US jobs depend on trade and investment with Canada. US Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donohue urged US officials to "do no harm" to businesses that depend on trade with Canada and Mexico and to move quickly on a new trilateral deal. As the administration took its first formal step toward NAFTA renegotiations, the US Commerce Department launched an investigation on Thursday into Boeing Co's anti-dumping claims against Canadian rival Bombardier's new CSeries jetliners, drawing a threat from Canada to review a deal to buy Boeing fighter jets. Lighthizer's letter is less detailed than a draft sent to lawmakers in March, which listed as objectives tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if Mexican and Canadian imports pose a serious injury threat to US industry. [embed link in 'letter': https://ustr.gov/sites/default/files/files/Press/Releases/NAFTA%20Notification.pdf] Trump late in April had considered a full withdrawal from NAFTA, but was persuaded by senior officials in his administration to pursue negotiations instead. Lighthizer said he did not think a new threat to withdraw from NAFTA would be necessary. "As the president has said, we are going to give renegotiation a good strong shot," Lighthizer told reporters, adding that he believed Canada and Mexico would negotiate in good faith. He said he hoped to maintain the current trilateral format of NAFTA, but noted that many of NAFTA's problems are bilateral issues that need to be worked out with either Mexico or Canada. "Our hope is that we can end up with the structure similar to what we have now. If that should prove to be impossible, then we'll move in a different direction." Asked if the NAFTA talks would seek to resolve trade disputes over imports of Canadian softwood lumber or Mexican sugar, Lighthizer said he hoped those issues would be settled before the NAFTA talks begin under separate negotiations being conducted by the US Commerce Department. A Canadian source close to the lumber negotiations said it was unlikely an agreement could be reached by mid-August, however. Lighthizer said he will seek public comment on the NAFTA process and intends to publish negotiating objectives on or about July 16. (Reporting by David Lawder and Yeganeh Torbati in Washington and David Ljunggren in Ottawa; editing by Paul Simao and Tom Brown) Share Save Facebook Share on Twitter GPlus LinkedIn Read More:  Donald Trump   NAFTA   free trade   Mexico   Canada   diplomacy   /business/05/12/17/us-china-agree-to-first-trade-steps-under-100-day-plan /business/05/17/17/trade-pact-dumped-by-trump-could-be-revived-at-asia-pacific-meeting /business/05/18/17/us-stocks-dollar-tumble-as-investors-rethink-trump-trade LATEST NEWS MOST READ Tardy lawmakers to be shut out of plenary sessions May 20, 2017 As Año retires early, no shortlist for next AFP chief yet May 20, 2017 Pamilya ng batang may butas sa puso, umaapela ng tulong May 20, 2017 'Walking miracle': Pinay survives crash that split her car in half May 20, 2017 10 bottles to celebrate World Whisky Day May 20, 2017 Coin exchange counters open in Ilocos Norte May 20, 2017 NBA: LeBron lights up the Garden as Cavs crush Celtics May 20, 2017 LOOK: Alaska Aces take part in Brigada Eskwela 2017 in Legazpi May 20, 2017 'Donald' sinks in baby name rankings in 2016 May 20, 2017 Fun run ng Philippine Navy, umani ng suporta May 20, 2017 Paligsahan sa pagkain ng maaanghang na ulam, idinaos sa Albay May 20, 2017 China deploys HQ-9 missiles in north of S. China Sea- Israel May 20, 2017 APEC ministers to discuss free trade amid rising protectionism May 20, 2017 Assange claims victory after Sweden drops rape probe May 20, 2017 Magnitude 5.6 quake hits Bohol May 20, 2017 BRAND NEWS Electricity rates go down in May 2017 next BRAND NEWS Electricity rates go down in May 2017 © 2017 ABS-CBN Corporation. All Rights Reserved. AboutCareersPrivacyTermsContact UsAdvertise With Us
Breaking News New Russia probe leaks threaten to derail Trump's foreign trip Rouhani forges clear lead Iran presidential race, expected to win Asia-Pacific meeting puts Trump's trade turmoil center stage Approval of President Trump drops to lowest since inauguration: Reuters/Ipsos poll North Korea says U.S. has to roll back 'hostile policy' before talks U.S. says Iranian-directed convoy targeted by U.S. strike in Syria Softer dollar may be stock silver lining amid Washington drama Maduro to Trump: 'Get your dirty hands off Venezuela!' Three in critical condition after car plows through Times Square Ex-U.S. Congressman Weiner pleads guilty in teen 'sexting' case Sat 20 May 2017 - 23 Shaban 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → US government starts countdown to Nafta talks in mid-August US government starts countdown to Nafta talks in mid-August Friday 19th, May 2017 / 20:29 Written by Oman Observer in Business WASHINGTON: The Trump administration has set the clock ticking towards a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for US workers and manufacturers. With a letter to US lawmakers, US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said he triggered a 90-day consultation period with Congress, industries and the American public that would allow talks over one of the world’s biggest trading blocs to begin by August 16. Renegotiation of Nafta was a key campaign promise of US President Donald Trump, who frequently called the 23-year-old trade pact a “disaster” that has drained US factories and well-paid manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Trump has pledged to use the Nafta talks to shrink goods trade deficits that stood at $63 billion with Mexico and $11 billion with Canada last year, according to US Census Bureau data. Lighthizer told reporters Nafta has been successful for US agriculture, investment services and the energy sector, but not for manufacturing. He added that he hopes to complete negotiations by the end of 2017. “As a starting point for negotiations, we should build on what has worked in Nafta and change and improve what has not,” Lighthizer said in a conference call with reporters on Thursday. “If renegotiations result in a fairer deal for American workers there is value in making the transition to a modernised Nafta as seamless as possible.” In his letter to congressional leaders, Lighthizer said Nafta needs modernisation for provisions on digital trade, intellectual property rights, labour and environmental standards, regulatory practices, rules for state-owned enterprises and food safety standards. The Obama administration attempted to address many of these deficiencies in the 2015 Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which included Canada and Mexico, but Trump pulled out of TPP in one of his first official acts as president. Canada and Mexico both welcomed the US move to launch a Nafta revamp. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, speaking at a news conference with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington, said the trade pact needed updating after nearly 25 years. “The world has changed, we’ve learned a lot and we can make it better,” he said. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada was “steadfastly committed to free trade in the North American region,” noting that 9 million US jobs depend on trade and investment with Canada. US Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donohue urged US officials to “do no harm” to businesses that depend on trade with Canada and Mexico and to move quickly on a new trilateral deal. As the administration took its first formal step towards Nafta renegotiations, the US Commerce Department launched an investigation on Thursday into Boeing Co’s anti-dumping claims against Canadian rival Bombardier’s new CSeries jetliners, drawing a threat from Canada to review a deal to buy Boeing fighter jets. Lighthizer’s letter is less detailed than a draft sent to lawmakers in March, which listed as objectives tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if Mexican and Canadian imports pose a serious injury threat to US industry. Trump late in April had considered a full withdrawal from Nafta, but was persuaded by senior officials in his administration to pursue negotiations instead. Lighthizer said he did not think a new threat to withdraw from Nafta would be necessary. “As the president has said, we are going to give renegotiation a good strong shot,” Lighthizer told reporters, adding that he believed Canada and Mexico would negotiate in good faith. He said he hoped to maintain the current trilateral format of Nafta, but noted that many of Nafta’s problems are bilateral issues that need to be worked out with either Mexico or Canada. “Our hope is that we can end up with the structure similar to what we have now. If that should prove to be impossible, then we’ll move in a different direction.” Asked if the Nafta talks would seek to resolve trade disputes over imports of Canadian softwood lumber or Mexican sugar, Lighthizer said he hoped those issues would be settled before the Nafta talks begin under separate negotiations being conducted by the US Commerce Department. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← 4 car makers settle claims over Takata inflators for $553m Next Post → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent Dhofar Club wins OPL title after 2-2 draw Fahd to attend Riyadh summits 2 expats dead in Salalah route bus smash Flight control from 110 km away Read More ... Facebook Twitter 3 hours agoInterestingRead: Putting Your Eggs in One Basket? Never /t.co/g1qSJmwRd7 /t.co/ILu7OO940k 4 hours agoTwo expats dead in Salalah route bus smash /t.co/XpZ7VhetTS @RoyalOmanPolice /t.co/ukZkAaA2ai 4 hours agoBus travelling from Salalah to Dubai collided with another one from Muscat to Salalah on Thursday night..… /t.co/bycJb3rhdI Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Astronomers catch mysteriously dimming ‘alien megastructure’ star in the act Geared Up: Google Assistant vs. Amazon Alexa, and understanding the allure of the fidget spinner GeekWire at the Movies: ‘Alien: Covenant’ delivers the gory goods, and some answers Hobbyist defeats FAA in battle over drone registration, but says the fight’s not over Woman awarded $100K after suing Starbucks over drive-thru coffee spill that burned her lap GeekWire Deals: 74% off the spell-check app your emails have always wanted Geek of the Week: Monika Sengul-Jones is a Wikipedian-in-Residence, making libraries and the online encyclopedia ‘better together’ Qliance healthcare startup cites lender fraud for sudden shutdown as patients are left in the lurch Seattle’s Intentionet lands $3M in Om Malik’s first Pacific NW investment Working Geek: Expedia VP Noah Tratt Snapchats his kids from around the world HEROCLIP, the do-it-all invention for camping, organizing and more, hooks $500K in new funding Calendar Picks: Prep for Social Venture Partners’ Fast Pitch program; get your (board) game on; and more Seattle Mariners GM, LA Dodgers CFO to speak at GeekWire Sports Tech Summit Techstars grad Innervate raises more cash for platform that helps developers reach gamers Watch out Convoy: Here comes Uber Freight Science, spinoffs and french fries: Q&A with Adriane Brown, Intellectual Ventures president and incoming Pacific Science Center board chair Building home to Facebook’s Frank Gehry-designed Seattle office sells for $286M Alexa at the ballpark: Testing Amazon Echo inside a Seattle Mariners suite at Safeco Field Apollo moon rocket engines finally fill a place of honor at Museum of Flight GeekWire Deals: Racing drones with speed and stability, even for beginners (under $100) 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Aerial photos: Construction begins on Google’s massive Seattle campus in Amazon’s backyard Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? The 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy Tech Moves: REI CIO named CTO at Lululemon; PicMonkey CEO hands reins to new leader; and more Hewlett Packard Enterprise unveils a monster computer that’s made for Mars Microsoft issues ‘highly unusual’ ransomware patch for XP and other old Windows versions This high-school freshman went to Microsoft Build: What he learned about AI, the cloud and the future Just three words: Here’s what Bill Gates would do today if he were just starting out Canadian PM Justin Trudeau rocks Microsoft CEO Summit: Why snooping on VIPs is getting harder Amazon No. 2 on LinkedIn’s Top Companies list — see where else ‘the world wants to work now’ Forget the Q-tips: This startup’s headphones clean out your ears in just 35 seconds Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin says BE-4 rocket test goes awry, but tests will resume soon Medical startup originally backed by Jeff Bezos and other big name investors reportedly closing How the new Flying Fish venture fund aims to change the game for Seattle startups Jury sides with T-Mobile in federal lawsuit over theft of ‘Tappy’ robot technology by Huawei Building home to Facebook’s Frank Gehry-designed Seattle office sells for $286M Alaska Airlines plans flights from Everett’s Paine Field to dodge Sea-Tac traffic jam Report: Amazon is recruiting healthcare experts in bid for lucrative pharmaceutical industry Trending: Amazon No. 2 on LinkedIn’s Top Companies list — see where else ‘the world wants to work now’ Space & Science Apollo moon rocket engines finally fill a place of honor at Museum of Flight by Alan Boyle on May 18, 2017 at 5:06 pmMay 18, 2017 at 6:37 pm Comments  1 Share  891 Tweet Share  11 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! David Concannon, who put together a team to find components from the F-1 rocket engines that sent NASA astronauts on their way to the moon, recounts the adventure at the Museum of Flight with the recovered components in the background. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) Almost 50 years after they were fired up, rocket engines that sent NASA’s Apollo crews on the first leg of their trips to the moon have reached their final destination at last, in the spotlight at the Museum of Flight’s “Apollo” exhibit in Seattle. During a press preview today, the museum showed off the mangled components from the Saturn V first-stage engines for two Apollo moon missions, alongside an intact 18-foot-high F-1 rocket engine on loan from NASA. It was a bittersweet moment for David Concannon, who put together the team that found the engines in 2013 with backing from Amazon’s billionaire founder, Jeff Bezos. “I didn’t see this until two hours ago, and I was overwhelmed,” Concannon told GeekWire today. “I still am. … It’s a really sad moment. I’m proud of what we and Jeff did, but it’s kinda like sending your son off to college.” Concannon has been involved as an explorer in Titanic expeditions, and as a lawyer in 2004’s prize-winning flights of the privately funded SpaceShipOne rocket plane. Those were thrilling experiences, but in Concannon’s opinion, finding and recovering the F-1 engines is on an entirely different level. That’s not just his opinion. “My son has seen his dad do all these projects and all these expeditions,” Concannon said, “and when it was finally announced that we had found the engines that launched men to the moon, he said, ‘Congratulations, Dad. You finally did something that matters.’ … I’m proud to bring him here this morning to see what his dad was doing.” Some of the components on display in Seattle came from F-1 engines that were fired up for Apollo 12 in 1969, just months after the history-making Apollo 11 moon landing that same year. Other components came from the engines for Apollo 16, the second-last moon mission, which was launched in 1972. The F-1 engines weren’t meant to survive their missions. The Saturn V’s first stage dropped away less than three minutes after launch while the crew continued onward to orbit. The booster for each mission smashed into the ocean and broke apart, leaving the remains of its five engines to drift three miles down to the bottom of the sea. Bezos was 5 years old when Apollo 11 happened. Decades later, he said the Apollo experience “was a big contributor to my passions for science, engineering and exploration,” eventually leading him to create Amazon as well as his Blue Origin space venture. Seven years ago, the billionaire asked Concannon to come up with a plan for recovering the Apollo engines. At the time, Bezos said his objective was not just to reawaken memories for the Apollo generation, but also to inspire future generations of 5-year-olds. “To me, that is the purest form of giving,” Concannon said. Concannon recruited the members of the expedition team, drawing heavily on veterans from Seattle, and worked out the details for the recovery effort. When camera-equipped submersible robots identified and dredged up the engines in 2013, Bezos said the underwater scene reminded him of a “magic sculpture garden,” with some parts twisted almost beyond recognition. The recovered artifacts went through a round of preservation at the Kansas Cosmosphere  – and then were shipped to the Museum of Flight, where they were put in storage while experts worked out how best to display them. This week marks the official coming-out party for the F-1 engines and the “Apollo” exhibition. The engine components are arranged like puzzle pieces to show how they fit together in flight. The intact engine stands alongside the artifacts to serve as a visual guide, revealing the intricacies of 1960s-era aerospace engineering as well as the violence done by the fall into the sea. “These engines tell a magnificent story of a time in America when everybody came together, pulled together to do something magnificent. When President Kennedy said, ‘We choose to go to the moon,’ it wasn’t actually possible, because the technology didn’t exist,” Concannon said. “If it weren’t for tens of thousands of people pulling together to make that possible, we never would have achieved it. To me, that’s the story that these beat-up, burned-up artifacts tell.” The centerpieces of the Museum of Flight’s “Apollo” exhibit are components from an Apollo 16 rocket engine (above) and an Apollo 12 engine (below), arranged in an exploded view. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) The museum’s education director, Seth Margolis, is flanked by an intact F-1 rocket engine at left and the recovered Apollo engine components at right. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) Boeing’s full-scale engineering mockup of the lunar rover is on display. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) An Apollo moon rock sits inside a protective case. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota)) This Apollo command module never flew in space. It was used for testing and training. (Geekwire Photo / Kevin Lisota) This mockup of the Apollo lunar module’s ascent stage provides a pilot’s-eye view from the inside. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) The “Apollo” exhibit includes a Viking Mars lander, which looks like the spacecraft that touched down on the Red Planet in 1976. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) The spacesuit that NASA astronaut John Young wore during the Apollo 10 mission is on display at Museum of Flight’s “Apollo” exhibit. (GeekWire Photo / Kevin Lisota) Doug King, the Museum of Flight’s president and CEO, marveled at the 1.5 million pounds of thrust that the F-1 engine blasted out during a launch. “This one engine is more powerful than all the aircraft in the museum put together,” he told GeekWire. But the museum’s “Apollo” exhibit shows off much more than just the engines: Full-scale engineering models of an Apollo command module, a lunar rover and a Viking Mars lander are also on display. There’s a wealth of artifacts linked to Apollo 12 and its commander, Pete Conrad, ranging from one of the moon rocks picked up during his mission to the cuff checklist he wore during a moonwalk. (For what it’s worth, the exhibit doesn’t show the X-rated Playboy pictures that were slipped into the checklist as a joke.) During the public opening of the exhibit, which takes place this weekend as part of the Museum of Flight’s SpaceFest activities, you can get in on a series of talks by Concannon and others who were involved in the F-1 recovery and restoration effort, and even try taking a virtual-reality moonwalk. (Check the museum’s website for the full SpaceFest 2017 schedule on Saturday and Sunday.) Other components from Apollo 11’s F-1 rocket engines will go on display at the Smithsonian Institution’s National Air and Space Museum in Washington, D.C., under an arrangement worked out by NASA, Bezos and the museums. And Concannon said he and his colleagues identified six additional sites on the Atlantic Ocean floor where Apollo engine parts are still lying. He hopes those resting places will remain undisturbed. “We pretty much picked the best artifacts that would be the most well-preserved, that somebody could look at in the museum and tell the story of Apollo, plus a three-mile plunge to the bottom of the ocean, 40 years on the bottom, and all that,” he said. “I’d be happy if it was one and done … says the guy who’s been to the Titanic three times.” Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments 1 Share  891 Tweet Share  11 Reddit Email Previous StorySalesforce impresses investors with strong Q1, raises full-year revenue guidance Next StoryAlexa at the ballpark: Testing Amazon Echo inside a Seattle Mariners suite at Safeco Field Filed Under: Space  Tagged With: Apollo • Jeff Bezos • Museum of Flight • Space history GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Museum of Flight gets intact moon rocket engine to go with beat-up Apollo artifacts Get an exclusive video tour of the Museum of Flight’s Apollo moon rocket artifacts Amazon’s Jeff Bezos and Seattle’s Museum of Flight unwrap Apollo moon engine artifacts It’s official: Apollo 11 moon ship will land in Seattle in 2019, 50 years after giant leap Previous StorySalesforce impresses investors with strong Q1, raises full-year revenue guidance Next StoryAlexa at the ballpark: Testing Amazon Echo inside a Seattle Mariners suite at Safeco Field Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: 74% off the spell-check app your emails have always wanted GeekWire Deals: Racing drones with speed and stability, even for beginners (under $100) Most Popular on GeekWire 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Aerial photos: Construction begins on Google’s massive Seattle campus in Amazon’s backyard Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Associate Systems EngineerWildTangent, Inc. RecruiterMoz Sr. Software Development Engineer – BackendOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors GeekWire Sports Tech Summit: Speakers announced, tickets going fast! Register today! How a tech company, a bicycle, and one man’s mission is helping cure cancer Read More SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. GeekWire Sports Tech Summit: Speakers announced, tickets going fast! Register today! How a tech company, a bicycle, and one man’s mission is helping cure cancer Read More SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Caterpillar, General Electric Boost the DJIA Friday By Paul Ausick May 19, 2017 4:01 pm EDT Print Email Tweet May 19, 2017: Markets opened mixed Friday and, combined with Thursday’s gains, appeared to be on track to recover all the value lost on Wednesday. Again Friday all equity sectors are trading in the green with industrials and energy leading the charge. A solid report from Deere & Co. this morning and higher crude prices likely drove the surge. WTI crude oil for June delivery settled at $50.33 a barrel, up 2% on the day and up more than 5% for the week. June gold added less than 0.1% for the day to settle at $1,253.60 to close the week up about 2.1%. Equities were headed for a higher close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.62% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.63%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.64%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Friday was Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE: CAT) which traded up 2.16% at $102.39. The stock’s 52-week range is $69.59 to $105.98. Volume was about 20% lower than the daily average of around 5.7 million. The company had no specific news, but Deere’s results and outlook reinforces investors’ attraction to the Cat as well. General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE) traded up 1.91% at $28.00. The stock’s 52-week range is $27.10 to $33.00. Volume was about 15% above the daily average of nearly 31 million shares. The company had no specific news Friday. The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) traded up 1.85% at $180.69. The stock’s 52-week range is $122.35 to $187.21. Volume was about 10% above the daily average of around 3 million shares. The company had no specific news. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) traded up 1.68% at $787.84. The stock’s 52-week range is $65.28 to $79.44, a second consecutive new high. Volume was about 65% higher than the daily average of around 8.4 million shares. Analysts were very positive on the company after Thursday’s big earnings showing. Of the Dow stocks, 25 are on track to close higher Friday and 5 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « WannaCry Ransomware Payment Deadline Is Here Macy’s, SeaDrill Drop into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), Caterpillar, Inc. (NYSE:CAT), General Electric Company (NYSE:GE), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Best (and Worst) Schools States With the Highest (and Lowest) Property Taxes The Most Dangerous States in America The Most Dangerous City in Every State The Safest States in America Recent States With the Most UFO Sightings Macy’s, SeaDrill Drop into Friday’s 52-Week Low Club Caterpillar, General Electric Boost the DJIA Friday WannaCry Ransomware Payment Deadline Is Here Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search What You Need to Know About Credit Card APRs Why We Might See a Shakeup in the Telecom Industry Soon Why Gerdau, Cosan, and Companhia Siderurgica Nacional Stocks Soared Today Nasdaq Composite ends week down 0.6% For the week, Dow, S&P 500 end week off 0.4% Dow, S&P, Nasdaq finish week in the red, but pare worst of decline Wall Street Week Ahead: Softer Dollar May Be Stock Silver Lining Amid Washington Drama Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc.'s Necessary Move Sends Shares Down as Much as 10% Government to switch to 1 student debt servicing company All The Proceeds From This $19 Lipstick Go To Planned Parenthood Trump's On The Verge Of Exploding The Health Insurance Market Elizabeth Warren Slams 'Bizarre' Glass-Steagall Statements From Trump's Treasury Secretary Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate National Politics British Columbia Alberta Toronto World Video Politics Insider Federal Election U.S. Politics Home» News» Politics Prime Minister Justin Trudeau responds to questions during a visit to the Don Christian Recreation Centre in Surrey, B.C., on Friday May 19, 2017. (DARRYL DYCK/THE CANADIAN PRESS) Prime Minister Justin Trudeau responds to questions during a visit to the Don Christian Recreation Centre in Surrey, B.C., on Friday May 19, 2017. (DARRYL DYCK/THE CANADIAN PRESS) Trudeau says Canada will be ‘resolute and firm’ on trade interests Add to ... Ian Bailey SURREY, B.C. — The Globe and Mail Published Friday, May 19, 2017 9:57PM EDT Last updated Friday, May 19, 2017 9:58PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says the U.S. administration has been intent on making itself heard around trade issues that Canada is willing to address, but not at the expense of compromising Canadian interests. Mr. Trudeau made the point on Friday while taking questions from the media on a range of trade issues during the second and final day of a visit to the Lower Mainland. The prime minister said Canada is willing to work through trade concerns with the United States, but won’t be pushed around on various irritants that have arisen in recent months. “We’ve seen over the past months that the American administration is ready to make a certain amount of noise around trade issues or challenges we face between our two countries,” Mr. Trudeau told a news conference at a recreation centre. “We will be respectful and work constructively with the United States, but we will always be resolute and firm in how we stand for Canadian interests.” He acknowledged the possibility of efforts to “improve and tweak” NAFTA, welcoming discussions on such points as clean energy and intellectual property. “But I can assure Canadians that we will always defend Canada’s interests and ensure that what we are doing is beneficial to Canada and the middle class.” His comments come as U.S. Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer this week formally gave Congress 90 days notice of the administration’s intention to reopen the North American free-trade agreement. Also, the U.S. Department of Commerce has slapped import duties of up to 24 per cent on Canadian softwood, arguing that Canada unfairly subsidizes its industry by keeping the price of logging artificially low. The issue became a point of debate in the recent British Columbia election as BC Liberal Leader Christy Clark, making the case that she is tough enough to look out for the province’s interests, urged Mr. Trudeau to consider banning thermal-coal exports through B.C. in retaliation for the measures on softwood. Ms. Clark has also proposed a carbon levy on shipments of thermal coal, which largely come through the province from the United States en route to other markets. Earlier this week the Trudeau government made threatening noises to jettison a multibillion-dollar purchase of Boeing Super Hornet fighters if the United States proceeds with damaging trade actions against Montreal-based Bombardier Inc. On Bombardier, Mr. Trudeau said the government will always defend Canadian companies, interests and workers. “We strongly disagree with the actions taken by the U.S. Department of Commerce and we are making that very clearly known,” Mr. Trudeau said. At issue is an announcement by the U.S. Department of Commerce that it will investigate accusations from Chicago-based Boeing Co. that sales of Bombardier’s new C-series jetliner constitutes dumping into the U.S. market because the plane is subsidized by the Canadian and Quebec governments. It’s possible that the investigation could lead to punitive U.S. duties being imposed, by July, on the jet. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland has suggested, in a statement of response, that Boeing’s complaint is intended to block the jet from the U.S. market. On softwood, the prime minister dismissed U.S. measures as “unfair” and “punitive” and said they have been futile because “every time the U.S. has done this over the past decades, they have been shown to be wrong.” Mr. Trudeau did not directly address concerns expressed by Alberta Premier Rachel Notley about B.C. politicians blocking the controversial Trans Mountain pipeline expansion from her province to the Lower Mainland. The governing BC Liberals support the project, but the election left the province with a minority legislature, pending recounts, in which the anti-pipeline BC Green Party is negotiating to support the NDP. NDP Leader John Horgan is also opposed to the pipeline. Asked about his views, Mr. Trudeau said there’s no longer a choice between the environment and the economy, but both issues have to be managed in balance. “I have had a very positive working relationship with all provinces to move forward on these agendas,” he said. Report Typo/Error Follow Ian Bailey on Twitter: @ianabailey Also on The Globe and Mail Freeland says reworked NAFTA could have labour, environmental benefits (The Canadian Press)   More Related to this Story Inside Canada's hardening NAFTA strategy opinion White House chaos has weakened Trump’s NAFTA hand Freeland will visit Mexico next week to discuss NAFTA renegotiations Topics United States of America Justin Trudeau Canada Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn PrintLicense article Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Opinion: What is cultural appropriation? Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News Flooding on Toronto Islands affecting businesses Life Add some flair to your long weekend BBQ with this surf and turf dish Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country News Obese monkey gets help with junk food habit Report on Business IBM's quantum computer gets powerful upgrade Report on Business Video: Three reasons why baby boomers find it hard to pass down wealth News Nova Scotia PC, NDP leaders take aim at Premier ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor No advice but still a price: Fund fees for DIY investors draw fire Arts At Cannes, the screen belongs to female filmmakers Most popular Team Trudeau’s precarious friendship with Jared Kushner First Nations leaders question safety of youth in Thunder Bay Report says La Loche shooter asked if he would get gift to mark anniversary of attack Will Ottawa’s new plan lower Canada's high drug prices? A tanker with oil from the Kinder Morgan pipeline plies the waters off B.C. X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Noteworthy Friday Option Activity: TGT, RL, BA Shutterstock photo Among the underlying components of the S&P 500 index, we saw noteworthy options trading volume today in Target Corp (Symbol: TGT), where a total of 38,473 contracts have traded so far, representing approximately 3.8 million underlying shares. That amounts to about 48.7% of TGT’s average daily trading volume over the past month of 7.9 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $60 strike put option expiring May 19, 2017 , with 7,243 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 724,300 underlying shares of TGT. Below is a chart showing TGT’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $60 strike highlighted in orange: Ralph Lauren Corp (Symbol: RL) saw options trading volume of 7,666 contracts, representing approximately 766,600 underlying shares or approximately 44.8% of RL’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 1.7 million shares. Particularly high volume was seen for the $70 strike put option expiring May 19, 2017 , with 2,386 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 238,600 underlying shares of RL. Below is a chart showing RL’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $70 strike highlighted in orange: And Boeing Co. (Symbol: BA) saw options trading volume of 13,778 contracts, representing approximately 1.4 million underlying shares or approximately 43.9% of BA’s average daily trading volume over the past month, of 3.1 million shares. Especially high volume was seen for the $182.50 strike call option expiring May 26, 2017 , with 1,729 contracts trading so far today, representing approximately 172,900 underlying shares of BA. Below is a chart showing BA’s trailing twelve month trading history, with the $182.50 strike highlighted in orange: For the various different available expirations for TGT options , RL options , or BA options , visit StockOptionsChannel.com. Today’s Most Active Call & Put Options of the S&P 500 » The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Second mission of Elysium Cubesat satellite planned for 2018 Next PostNext Top Buys by Directors: Nierenberg’s $279K Bet on NRZ Search Recent Posts Global Aerostructures Market 2021 Forecasts and Analysis Automotive Financing Market Analysis, Strategic Assessment, Trend Outlook and Bussiness Opportunities 2017-2020 Spinnaker Development Corporation Completes Going Private Transaction MITRE Names Jacklyn Wynn VP, Veterans Affairs Fall 2017 White House Internship Program Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Cornell Student Makes Remarkable Discovery To Drop Those Extra Pounds Home | Michael Shannon Tags: airlines | passengers | space | travel American Airlines Packing Passengers in Like Sardines A man looks out his window at an American Airlines plane at Reagan National Airport in Arlington, Virginia on February 24, 2017. (Andrew Caballero-Raynolds/AFP/Getty Images) By Michael Shannon Friday, 19 May 2017 02:37 PM Current | Bio | Archive Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    American Airlines, which have us the first frequent flyer program, has been a travel innovator for years. Then — after collecting miles became popular and American's customers invested considerable time and money building up their mileage account — American introduced the first devalued frequent flyer program with higher minimums for free travel! And who can forget the checked baggage fee that was another brainchild of the consumer advocates at American? Now the airline is announcing a new class of ticket: Coach class will be joined by Crouch class. Just when you thought it was impossible to reduce the space between rows, American has decided to cut the distance by a full two inches. The new "pitch" will be a kneecap — creasing 29 inches. This means in the future "the time you crossed your legs on an airplane" will be a story told to skeptical grandchildren. Normally I'm not in favor of government regulations, but I'm thinking if the feds can calculate the "pollen index" maybe they can tell airlines to post a "compression index." Think of how much fun a long tarmac hold will be when you're trapped in a seat that's 10 inches narrower than a coffin. Putting a briefcase or backpack under the row in front of you will mean you're wearing your seat like a straight jacket. I'm guessing management got the idea from a CIA "enhanced" interrogator. An expert on what the agency terms "stress positions." These forced contortions, according to The Guardian, were "designed to cause muscle fatigue, physical discomfort and exhaustion," which pretty much sums up today's air travel for those in the back of the plane. Just the thought of that sardine seat frightens me. I'd be willing to tell American anything: Where Osama's buried, the location of Trump's tax returns or who stole Mitch McConnell's spine — if spilling the beans would let me avoid Crouch class. Maybe we should look on the bright side. Sure it means the tray table will now be the width of a ruler and the screen on the "inflight entertainment" will sit on your nose like bifocals, but the good news is the reduced distance between seats will make it that much harder for airport cops to drag you off the plane. I predict the "bag sizer" at the gate will soon be joined by the "thigh sizer." Gate agents will instruct taller passengers to sit in the Airline Maiden. If their kneecap touches the electrified button just beyond the seat they will be told to upgrade their ticket or stay home. I suggest people with small bladders assigned a window seat keep their empty drink bottle, because they may need it. There will be two passengers occupying the seats between him and relief. Unless the window seat passenger can persuade the other two to get up and move into the aisle, there is no way squeeze past and make it to the bathroom. Even the name of the new aircraft is a slap in the face to those who must endure the seats. Instead of calling it the Boeing Constrictor, which has the virtue of being accurate, the new craft is called the 737 Max jet. Maybe the "Max" refers to revenue or discomfort. This new truncation could well be the last time row distance is reduced unless American changes its name to Hobbit Air. The only way to further shrink the distance between seats would be to make rows face each other and alternate passenger's knees. In the meantime, I just hope to God airline interior designers never get a look at the seating chart for a slave ship. Speaking of bathrooms, even if window seat passengers can fight their way to the aisle, American has a surprise in store in the head. CNN Money reports that a sadist familiar with the blueprint for the new Max Pain says the bathrooms will be smaller, too. In current airplane bathrooms tall men are either forced to lean their heads back and thrust their hips forward, which hampers accuracy, or they're forced to hunch over like a dwarf working a gold seam. Without going into more detail than is fitting for a family newspaper, let me explain the new layout means, regardless of an individual's "gender identity," everyone is going to be sitting down in American's bathroom. I've heard rumors the quarters in the redesigned bathroom are so cramped that if an occupant needs toilet paper, he's supposed to hit the call button and a flight attendant will slip a few sheets under the door. American also plans to punish domestic travelers first. The new planes are to go airborne later this year and will be used "primarily on routes in North America." So don't say I didn't warn you. Michael R. Shannon is a commentator, researcher for the League of American Voters, and an award-winning political and advertising consultant with nationwide and international experience. He is author of "Conservative Christian’s Guidebook for Living in Secular Times (Now with added humor!)." Read more of Michael Shannon's reports — Go Here Now. © Cagle Syndicate. Posts by Michael Shannon Trump's Not Draining the Swamp, He's Only Restocking It 'Broken Windows' Theory Ignored, Commuter Train Robbed View More Posts by Michael Shannon Newsmax Blogs: Bruce Abramson and Jeff Ballabon: Trump's Doctrine Seeks to Instill Stability - Globally Alan Dershowitz: Dershowitz: I Voted for Hillary But Trump Faces 'Kangaroo Court' View More Newsmax Blogs - Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share MichaelShannon American Airlines, which have us the first frequent flyer program, has been a travel innovator for years. airlines, passengers, space, travel 845 Friday, 19 May 2017 02:37 PM 2017-37-19 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Insiders Michael Reagan The Gipper's Corner Trump's Staff, Advisors Must Stand Up to Him Patrick Buchanan Conservative Cause Rosenstein Sandbags Trump by Appointing Mueller Linda Chavez Minority Rights Russia Investigation Should Prompt Trump to Act Appropriately Margaret Carlson Capital Talk Will Trump Chaos Lead to President Pence? David Ignatius Foreign Policy Domestic Scandals Could Obscure Trump's Important Middle East Trip Jonah Goldberg Real Conservatism Roger Ailes Shaped His Times More Than Almost Anyone Michael Shannon That’s Crazy: How DC Wastes Your Money American Airlines Packing Passengers in Like Sardines All Insiders Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Most Commented Report: Trump Revealed 'Highly Classified' Information to Russian Foreign Minister Monday, 15 May 2017 | 1139 comments Highly classified - yeah, there was employee #1 at the State Dept that... Trump: Special Counsel Appointment 'Shows We're a Divided Country' Thursday, 18 May 2017 | 943 comments As Steve Bannon said at CPAC in February, If you think they are giving you... Former FBI Director Robert Mueller Named Special Prosecutor of Russia Probe Wednesday, 17 May 2017 | 882 comments This is going to be the shortest short story in the history of short... NYT: Trump Said Firing Comey Relieved 'Great Pressure' Friday, 19 May 2017 | 820 comments BREAKING NEWS from the NYT. Trump just asked for Russian dressing for his... Supreme Court Rejects Appeal over NC Voter ID Law Monday, 15 May 2017 | 829 comments Total BS! Every legal law abiding citizen has a photo ID. They use it to... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Energy, industrial shares lead US stocks higher Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Energy, industrial shares lead US stocks higher Advertisement Business Energy, industrial shares lead US stocks higher Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. (Photo: REUTERS/Brendan McDermid) 20 May 2017 05:25AM (Updated: 20 May 2017 05:30AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail NEW YORK: Wall Street stocks finished a volatile week on a positive note on Friday (May 19), with advances by energy and industry shares lifting the market. It was the second straight day of gains after Wednesday's rout, when major US indices fell more than 1.5 per cent on worries about President Donald Trump's growth agenda following a series of stumbles and scandals. The Dow Jones Industrial Average finished up 141.82 points (0.69 per cent) at 20,804.84. The broad-based S&P 500 won 16.01 points (0.68 per cent) to 2,381.73, while the tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index advanced 28.57 points (0.47 per cent) to 6,083.70. The gains suggested investors were eager to jump in and take advantage of depressed prices after Wednesday's losses. Advertisement Advertisement US oil prices finished above the psychologically important US$50 a barrel level, boosting energy shares such as Dow member Chevron and Halliburton. Other Dow members with strong gains were industrials Boeing, Caterpillar and General Electric, all up about two per cent. Farm machinery maker Deere surged 7.3 per cent after reporting a 62 per cent rise in second-quarter earnings to US$802.4 million and describing an improvement in equipment demand in South America. Gap fell 3.9 per cent after reporting a 12.6 per cent rise in first-quarter earnings to US$143 million. Analysts expressed worry that two of the company's store chains, Gap and Banana Republic, had lower comparable sales. Other companies with large stock moves after earnings included Foot Locker, down 16.7 per cent, and Autodesk, up 14.7 per cent. Source: AFP/ec Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Spaceflight Arianespace Soyuz Orbits SES-15 Carrying FAA Hosted Payload By Caleb Henry, Space News | May 19, 2017 02:51pm ET MORE A Europeanized Soyuz rocket lifts off carrying the SES-15 satellite. Credit: Arianespace video capture JAKARTA, Indonesia — Arianespace launched a Soyuz rocket May 18 from Europe's space center in French Guiana, carrying the electrically propelled SES-15 satellite to geostationary transfer orbit. The mission is Arianespace's second since territory-wide protests rocked the French territory in northeast South America for a month and a half, closing the Guiana Space Centre near Kourou in the process. SES-15 is the second of three missions previously slated for April, but pushed to May — a month during which Arianespace originally scheduled downtime for spaceport maintenance and thus had no missions — because of the protests. To speed SES-15's arrival at its desired some 36,000 kilometers above the equator, its Soyuz launcher completed two burns of its Fregat upper stage over five hours in order to place the satellite just 5,000 kilometers shy of the geostationary arc.The Russian rocket's extra effort shaved about a month off what would otherwise be a seven to eight month climb to geostationary orbit, according to Arianespace. Built by Boeing, SES-15 is Luxembourg-based SES's first all-electric satellite. The spacecraft has a mix of traditional and high-throughput Ku-band beams, covering North America and the Caribbean. Located at 129 degrees west, the satellite carries capacity for in-flight connectivity customers Global Eagle Entertainment, Gogo and Panasonic Avionics, along with maritime and VSAT customers. The satellite also carries the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration's Wide Area Augmentation System (WAAS) hosted payload, designed to enhance GPS signals for aviation customers. SES-15 is Arianespace's second and final Soyuz launch of the year. The launcher's next mission is the June 1 launch of ViaSat-2 and Eutelsat-172b, following which the company will have caught up on all launches delayed by French Guiana's protests, assuming all goes according to plan. Arianespace is targeting 12 missions for 2017, the same amount planned before the French Guiana protests. This story was provided by SpaceNews, dedicated to covering all aspects of the space industry. Editor's Recommendations In Photos: Arianespace Soyuz Rocket Launches Hispasat 36W-1 Geostationary Satellite Soyuz Crew's Official and Unofficial Mission Patches Draw from Space History Top 10 Game-Changing Earth Photos From Landsat Satellites Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular Planet Classification: How to Group Exoplanets Moving Black Hole Possibly Spotted in Far Away Galaxy | Video Fomalhaut Star's Huge Ring of Dusty Debris Captured by ALMA | Video Update: Star Trek Discovery Expands Season, Sets New Debut Date, Gets Spin-Off Talk Show Earth Could Blow Past a Dangerous Temperature Threshold in Less Than a Decade HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Notify Me of New Issue CURRENT ISSUE BACK ISSUES AUTHOR INDEX BROWSE TAGS Audit Readiness of IT Systems Data Strategy IT Asset Management Privacy Civil Liberties DON Enterprise Architecture IT Investment Management Records Management Clinger-Cohen Act Compliance Enterprise Licensing Agreements IT Portfolio Management Spectrum Cybersecurity Enterprise Services Knowledge Management Statutory & Regulatory Compliance Cyberspace/IT Workforce Enterprise Software Initiative Performance Measurement Telecommunications DADMS/DITPR-DON Freedom of Information Act Printing and Imaging (Copiers/MFDs) Wireless Data Center Consolidation ABOUT CHIPS Email    CHIPS Articles: SSC Atlantic's STEM Outreach Grows Future Readiness SSC Atlantic's STEM Outreach Grows Future Readiness By Susan Piedfort, Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Atlantic Public Affairs - May 19, 2017 CHARLESTON, S.C. (NNS) — Over the last 14 years, SSC Atlantic's STEM outreach and internship programs have hired over 1,200 employees and have retained 1,100. The value and importance of these initiatives prove to be a priority to the incoming workforce generation. Much like the rest of the federal government, Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center (SSC) Atlantic faces the challenge of replacing a highly technical, but aging, professional workforce whose expertise must be passed down through the organization to ensure success. At the same time, an increasingly complex information technology environment requires even greater technical ability, flexibility and response times. Two SSC Atlantic initiatives, the New Professional (NP) program and science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) outreach, are highly successful on their own merits. Together both programs are creating a combined effort to help to ensure SSC Atlantic is attracting and retaining employees with the scientific expertise needed to meet the demands of complex engineering and technical requirements within a world of rapidly changing technologies. New Professionals The New Professionals (NP) program was established in 2003 at then-SSC Charleston to focus on hiring the best and brightest new graduates who would eventually be prepared to take the place of seasoned professionals who retire. Since 2003, SSC Atlantic has hired more than 1,200 NPs in program management and in the technical realm. The two tracks are not mutually exclusive. Many of the skills, training and experiences required in one track are also necessary for success in the other career path. Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) and Defense Acquisition Workforce Improvement Act (DAWIA) training are two good examples. NPs in either track, need to possess skills in multiple areas such as systems engineering processes and acquisition, and have technical knowledge in computer engineering, software engineering, electrical engineering and computer science. "These are truly some of the most talented graduates out there," said Capt. Scott Heller, SSC Atlantic commanding officer. "Each of them brings outstanding technical skills, flexibility in working with new processes, and solid backgrounds in working in collaborative team environments. Our challenge is to capitalize on their talents and enthusiasm, and utilize it to further our mission and to better serve the warfighter." More than 1,000 of the NPs hired since 2003 are still at SSC Atlantic, and many who left the command still serve the Navy or Department of Defense (DoD) in other government positions. NPs are assigned to all SSC Atlantic portfolios and competencies. They have traveled the world doing whatever it takes to provide information warfare solutions to warfighters. SSC Atlantic Development Program (SCADP) NPs have a minimum of an undergraduate degree and have graduated within the last three years. They are hired into developmental positions using the following authorities: * Direct Hiring Authority (DHA) (Bachelors and Advanced) * Expedited Hiring Authority (EHA) * Pathways Program * SFS - Section 302 of Public Law 113-274 (Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014) SCADP is a two-year program where the employee is provided training, developmental rotation opportunities, mentorship and must complete their master development plan (MDP). The MDP guides each employee's development for the first two years and encourages them to pursue graduate degrees following completion. Naval Acquisition Development Program (NADP) NPs are government employees of the Naval Acquisition Career Center (NACC) who come to SSC Atlantic to further enhance the Department of the Navy Acquisition Workforce. They are entry-level employees and have their own NAAC requirements and developmental plans that must be completed in two or three years. They are paid by NACC and may be assigned to career fields such as attorney, contracts, engineering, cost estimating, financial management, information technology, logistics, program management, and test and evaluation. They can be converted to a permanent position upon successful completion of program requirements. Human Resource Career Program (HRCP) NPs are entry level Navy government employees who must complete a one- to two-year development program that focuses on formal training, developmental assignments and rotational opportunities. The employee can be converted to a permanent position upon successful completion. SSC Atlantic typically has one or two HRCP billets per year. Financial Management Career Program (FMCP) NPs are part of the Pathways Recent Graduate Program (PRGP) which allows recent graduates to enter civilian financial management career positions with the Navy and Marine Corps. They are entry level and their program includes 28 months of professional development through academic and on-the-job training. Upon successful completion of the program, FMCPs are considered for permanent financial positions where they have been training. Workforce Recruitment Program (WRP) NPs are recent graduates with disabilities. The goal of this government-wide program cosponsored by DoD and the Department of Labor is to increase the representation of persons with disabilities in the federal and private workforce. The NP program is focused on the employee's professional development and providing rotational opportunities to find their passion in support of our mission and the warfighter. SSC Atlantic NPs are engaged from the moment they check onboard, with a specialized orientation program and tours of labs and project sites to better understand career options available within Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command (SPAWAR). Coursework in leadership development, teamwork and communications, acquisition methodologies and principles of project management help develop these future leaders. Other opportunities provided throughout the year further develop their technical knowledge and skills in SSC Atlantic's mission areas. No matter what specific NP program they are in, each employee is required to have an approved MDP and be assigned a mentor who guides and monitors his or her progress in meeting program objectives. These objectives include formal training, rotations to other program areas of the command, and trips to different SSC Atlantic or other SPAWAR locations, Navy ships or major program offices. Mentors help NPs complete an individual development plan (IDP) designed to ensure achievement of core competencies supporting the command's mission while furthering knowledge in their particular engineering, scientific or business specialty. "The NP program is focused on the individual's professional development. Everything from Dale Carnegie to DAWIA to CMMI training is available to them, and we encourage them to pursue graduate degrees," said Pam Bell, director, SSC Atlantic Total Force Management. After 14 years of the NP program's inception, NPs have not only helped ensure the continuity of SSC Atlantic's intellectual capital, but they are also helping to attract the next generation of potential employees by reaching out to middle and high schools through SSC Atlantic's awarding winning STEM outreach program. "I fully endorse the idea that successful leaders teach and empower their best and brightest employees to become the new leaders for the next generation. Those are the kind of leaders we need, and that is the sort of leader the New Professional program is designed to produce," said SSC Atlantic Executive Director Chris Miller. STEM Outreach Led by SSC Atlantic STEM outreach program director, Shanda Johnson, the center's outreach efforts began in 2009 with National Defense Education Program (NDEP) support. Each year, the STEM outreach program has grown to include more events and more collaboration with local school districts, colleges, universities and local businesses. Events promoting STEM include FIRST Robotics, SeaPerch, DimensionU, DoD Math Games, Girls' Day Out, My Brother's Keeper, Palmetto Cyber Defense Competition, Palmetto Cyber Security Summer Camp, National IT Shadow Day, Lunch Buddies, career fairs, career academies, educators and student shadowing opportunities, trebuchet competitions, school fairs, math and science judging, classroom activities involving speakers and autonomous vehicle demonstrations, and other educational events. In addition to the school districts, SSC Atlantic has engaged with the National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE), Lowcountry STEM Collaborative, Lowcountry Technical Academy, The Citadel's STEM Center of Excellence, College of Charleston, Trident Technical College, Society of Women Engineers, the S.C. Historically Black Colleges and Universities Consortium, Department of Energy, Charleston Chamber of Commerce, Naval Health Clinic, the Office of Naval Research (ONR) and businesses such as Boeing, Bosch, Google and NUCOR Steel. The outreach effort has grown to SSC Atlantic's detachments in Hampton Roads and New Orleans. In 2016 alone, more than 36,500 students and 734 teachers at 125 schools were impacted in 213 events held across SSC Atlantic. More than 450 employees donated more than 21,600 total hours through the STEM and community outreach. "SSC Atlantic's outreach has reenergized local schools, students, parents, affinity groups and business partners in the national security imperative to get students interested in the STEM skills," said Johnson. Robotics teams from elementary, middle and high schools sponsored and mentored by SSC Atlantic volunteers have progressed to state and national levels. SSC Atlantic's cybersecurity outreach has attracted students to the field of cybersecurity. The team created a new cybersecurity module and helped to change the curriculum for the S.C Department of Education's Career and Technology Education (CATE) Program by including a cybersecurity track. This has increased student interest in cybersecurity and is helping to develop a future cybersecurity workforce in South Carolina. This has also greatly enlarged the recruiting pools for STEM-related opportunities at SSC Atlantic. In addition to the Pathways employment program, the STEM outreach team implemented two additional hiring programs funded by the ONR's Science and Engineering Apprenticeship Program (SEAP) for high school students and the Naval Research Enterprise Internship Program (NREIP) for college students. Seed, Nurture, Harvest and Reseed The value of establishing a successful STEM pipeline and employing a STEM literate workforce cannot be understated for SSC Atlantic and for the nation. NPs and other dedicated STEM volunteers are engaging and attracting the future naval scientists and engineers who will fill the pipeline for tomorrow's high-tech jobs. Working with underserved and underrepresented groups, they are also helping to generate a broader, more diversified base of future scientists and engineers. Johnson's theme for the program is "Seed, Nurture, Harvest and Reseed" to convey the idea that SSC Atlantic volunteers begin with young minds at the elementary school level to plant the seeds of STEM career possibilities, nurturing students on the journey that leads them to high school and college internships, and harvesting, through the NP program or other hiring authorities, to becoming SPAWAR employees. Then the new employee returns and serves as a mentor and inspiration to the next generation (reseed). SSC Atlantic has already begun to reap the return on its investment in the STEM outreach and NP programs. NPs who participated in internship programs in high school and college are currently employed at SSC Atlantic and making valuable contributions to warfighters. "Our New Professionals grew up in the IT environment and live that social environment," noted Miller. "Many kids don't know what engineers and scientists do. NPs can relate to young people on a different level. They show them that people from their same communities, schools and socio-economic backgrounds can be scientists and engineers. They are great role models and can really excite enthusiasm about STEM careers." David Parker and Sarah Monk, SSC Atlantic engineers and NPs, both graduated from Hanahan High School and were involved in the command's STEM outreach program as students and now give back by working with the next wave of future engineers as STEM outreach volunteers. They created an interactive game that educates students about cybersecurity. "Cyber Feud" was presented at the U.S. Naval Academy's STEM Best Practice Workshop and is now being used by the U.S. Naval Academy in their STEM outreach programs and by other naval labs and warfare centers. "I really enjoy the chance to give back and demonstrate the things we do every day," said Parker. "STEM is a fantastic opportunity to inspire the next generation." Monk also focuses on reaching out to future engineers. "I have a deep rooted passion for the next generation. Specifically, I want girls to know that they can be engineers. STEM is fun and engaging and challenging. Many of the students I have spoken with think that engineering is math and math is hard, therefore engineering is too hard. With my outreach I have an opportunity to show these students that math is only a small portion for what we engineers do and that, yes, girls are doing it," said Monk. "Developing our workforce to answer future needs requires investment," said Heller. "[That means] investing in our people - in hiring the right folks, in training them, and in determining and developing future competencies in technology, education and business. That is what we are doing here and the New Professionals program and STEM outreach are a big part of our current and future success," he added. To view a video highlighting SSC Atlantic outreach activities, go to https://www.youtube.com/user/TEAMSPAWAR and select "SSC Atlantic STEM Compilation." SSC Atlantic develops, acquires, and provides life cycle support for command, control, communications, computer, intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance (C4ISR) systems, information technology (IT), and space capabilities. A leading edge Navy engineering center, SSC Atlantic designs, builds, tests, fields and supports many of the finest frontline C4ISR systems in use today, and those being planned for the future. For more information, visit http://www.navy.mil, http://www.facebook.com/usnavy, or http://www.twitter.com/usnavy. For more information, visit http://www.public.navy.mil/spawar/Atlantic/. TAGS: InfoSharing, Spectrum, Workforce CHARLESTON, S.C. (March 24, 2017) Space and Naval Warfare Systems Command, Systems Center (SSC) Atlantic, hosted their sixth Tri-County Dimension U competition onboard Naval Weapons Station Joint Base Charleston. More than 50 students from local school districts participated in the event. This event is part of SSC Atlantic™s educational outreach program aimed at developing science, technology, engineering and math talent in schools. U.S. Navy photo by Joe Bullinger. CHARLESTON, S.C. (March 24, 2017) SPAWAR Systems Center Atlantic (SSC Atlantic) hosted their sixth Tri-County Dimension U competition on Naval Weapons Station Joint Base Charleston. More than 50 students from local school districts participated in the event. Dimension U is funded by the National Defense Education Program (NDEP). This math gaming tool (similar to a video game) enhances students™ skills in pre-algebra and algebra. In order to be successful at the game the students and mentors must solve problems to move to the next phase. This event is part of SSC Atlantic™s educational outreach program aimed at developing science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) talent in k-12 schools. U.S. Navy photo by Joe Bullinger. CHARLESTON, S.C. (June 15, 2016) SPAWAR Systems Center (SSC) Atlantic employees James Bouie and Mo Dauod teach students about the parts that make up a computer during the SSC Atlantic-sponsored cybersecurity summer camp. More than 30 volunteers from SSC Atlantic trained and challenged more than 120 middle and high school students in cyber espionage, computer deconstruction, command and control systems, internet security, snap circuits and scratch programming, among other activities held during the week-long camp. U.S. Navy photo by Joe Bullinger. CHARLESTON, S.C. (June 9, 2016) A team of students from Palmetto Scholars Academy in North Charleston protects their network from Red Team hackers during the fourth annual Palmetto Cyber Defense Competition (PCDC), held April 9-11 at Trident Technical College in North Charleston, South Carolina. The competition, which helps to attract and grow our future cyber workforce, was hosted by Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center (SSC) Atlantic in collaboration with the South Carolina Lowcountry Chapter of AFCEA. U.S. Navy photo by Joe Bullinger. Related CHIPS Articles NSWC Dahlgren Division Personnel Awarded for Achievements Vital to Current and Future Fleet Virtual Victories: Marines Sharpen Skills with New Virtual-Reality Games Fleet Readiness Center Southwest Employee Gives Homeless Vets Helping Hand Navy Students Participate in DLIFLC Language Day Seed, Nurture, Harvest and Reseed: SSC Atlantic’s STEM Outreach Grows Future Readiness Related DON CIO News DON IT East Small Business Networking Opportunity DON CIO Awards Recognize Information Management and Information Technology Excellence Join Us at a 2017 DON IT Conference Strengthening the DON’s Cybersecurity Posture DON CIO Awards Recognize Information Management and Information Technology Excellence CHIPS is an official U.S. Navy website sponsored by the Department of the Navy (DON) Chief Information Officer, the Department of Defense Enterprise Software Initiative (ESI) and the DON's ESI Software Product Manager Team at Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Pacific. Online ISSN 2154-1779; Print ISSN 1047-9988
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 77° F Overcast Hi: 94° F Lo: 73° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Featured: Biloxi Bus Crash immigraiton Texas Legislature Latest Headlines At WEF, entrepreneurs seen as solution for Mideast troubles Updated: 41 mins ago DEAD SEA, Jordan (AP) — More than 1,100 politicians and business people have come together to find ways to transform stagnant economies of t… Police: 15 wounded in grenade attacks in northwest Pakistan May 19, 2017 PESHAWAR, Pakistan (AP) — Pakistani police say assailants in a series of attacks have thrown grenades at a school and four homes in a northw… Family looks to raise cycling safety awareness through fun run May 19, 2017 Texas House approves new abortion restrictions May 19, 2017 AP Top International News at 1:39 a.m. EDT Updated: 41 mins ago Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 77° F Overcast Feels Like: 79° F Wind: 6 Humidity: 82% Dewpoint: 71° F Sunrise: 6:34 AM Sunset: 8:20 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Sports More Than The Score Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- Austin Events Calendar KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines New Music on Studio 512 May 19, 2017 You can stop by Waterloo Records at 600 North Lamar Boulevard in Austin, Texas to pick up any of the new releases we’ve talked about today o… Cooling Down This Summer With Splash Pads May 18, 2017 As things heat up, splash pads are a great place to cool down. Beat the Heat With Perfect Outdoor Buffet May 18, 2017 Braiding Survival Skills for Dads May 18, 2017 Choosing the Right Flowers May 18, 2017 Search for: Search the site 77° F Overcast Hi: 94° F Lo: 73° F Veteran flight training program takes off in San Marcos By Alicia Inns Published: May 19, 2017, 12:05 pm Updated: May 19, 2017, 8:19 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) An instrument panel of a Jet Blue airplane at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York, Thursday, March 16, 2017. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig) SAN MARCOS (KXAN) — Military helicopter pilots who have a desire to enter into a commercial airline career now have the chance through training done in San Marcos. Coast Flight Training, the San Diego-based company that recruits and trains veteran and civilian talent to fly commercial airlines, began operating at San Marcos Regional Airport in January 2017 and has currently enrolled 200 students for training this year. An official ribbon-cutting takes place Friday. The Rotary Transition Program (RTP) in San Marcos is designed to train experienced helicopter pilots to meet the FAA requirements for fixed-wing pilots going into an airline career. As a partner with Envoy and American Airlines Group, Coast Flight Training offers pilot candidates a direct connection to transition directly into the cockpit with a conditional job offer once the program is completed. United pilot removed from flight at ABIA after ‘rant’ over divorce For veteran Gary L. Good, the fascination with soaring above the clouds started early. “I actually wanted to be an astronaut when I was a young guy,” Good said. He served in the Army for 22 years as an officer and Black Hawk helicopter pilot. “With solo military flights in a helicopter school, most of them have buddy flights where there’s another student in the aircraft. But here we do our first actual solo driving up in a plane so it’s pretty amazing,” Good says. Officials hope it helps meet a growing pilot shortage nationwide because many veterans already have their license with the FAA. “Most of these guys have an excess of 1,500 flight hours so they automatically qualify in terms of experience,” said Dan Verda, director of operations for Coast Flight. “They’re already getting a qualified capable pilot, the minute they walk through the door. They are taking that wealth of knowledge and experience that they’ve built over 10, 15, 20 years in the military and they are going to capitalize that to get mature seasoned aviators.” Boeing estimates more than 500,000 new pilots will be needed globally over the next 20 years. In the U.S., the four largest airlines plan to retire a minimum of 18,000 pilots by 2022 due to a mandatory retirement age of 65, creating an expected shortfall of 35,000 pilots. Coast Flight Training maintains an aircraft fleet of 25 in San Marcos with an additional 10 being added by early fall. Monthly traffic counts for San Marcos Regional Airport have doubled since training began. Coast Flight Training maintains a student count of 65 at any given time and expects to grow from 10 to 15 employees by late summer with plans to ultimately employ 40. Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts San Marcos residents approve $32M city improvement bond Passenger who was dragged off jetliner settles with United Two ‘bank jugging’ cases reported in San Marcos American tries to learn from United’s mistakes in incident on DFW-bound flight Advertisement « Previous Story KXAN.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Users who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Hays County headlines Family looks to raise cycling safety awareness through fun run Second suspect charged with murder in Kyle drive-by Veteran flight training program takes off in San Marcos San Marcos awarded $7.7 million in additional flood relief funds Rabies alert: Dead bat and skunk found in Buda Photo Galleries PHOTOS: Hail blankets parts of Austin-metro Thursday NWS: 6 tornadoes hit Canton area, including EF-4 PHOTOS: Whole Foods 365 in Cedar Park Mugshots: Teachers charged with inappropriate relationship with students PHOTOS: San Marcos streets, cars underwater PHOTOS: U.S. missile attacks on Syria’s air bases PHOTOS: Severe storms move through Central Texas PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Anvil cloud looms over the Austin area PHOTOS: Attack on British Parliament PHOTOS: Train crashes into bus from Austin in Biloxi PHOTOS: Storm spawns tornadoes across central US Thrall-area struck by two tornadoes PHOTOS: Severe storms leave behind damage, destruction A Day Without Immigrants Bastrop kidnapping ends in deadly shooting along SH 71 in Del Valle PHOTOS: Red carpet fashion at the Grammys PHOTOS: Truck slams into Georgetown home leaving gaping hole That time Lady Gaga rocked Halftime Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 KXAN Feedback If you have feedback about KXAN, we'd love to hear it. If you have a story, investigative, weather or web site tip, please visit our Report It page. Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Tech Search Search FitbitU.S. Charges Virginia Man in Fitbit Stock Hoax On LeadingGE’s Jeff Immelt: “Everybody Hated Me, Everybody” DroneYou No Longer Have to Register Your Drone White HousePresident Trump Dominated Media Coverage in First 100 Days, Study Says Tech The 10 Biggest Labor Strikes In the Past Decade Aaron Pressman May 19, 2017 About 40,000 AT&T employees across the country may go on strike on Friday if the company doesn't agree to new union contracts in time to avert a deadline set by the Communications Workers of America. The strike would be among the largest in the past 10 years, slightly exceeding the size of last year's seven-week walk out by Verizon workers, based on annual data reported by the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Here are the 10 biggest strikes by number of employees involved between 2007 and 2017: 10. Kaiser Permanente Hospitals: 21,000 nurses and engineers strike in California (January 2012). 9. AT&T: 21,200 Communications Workers of America members strike in California, Connecticut, and Nevada (August 2012). 8. Cabbies: 26,000 cabbies strike in New York City (September 2007). 7. Chicago public schools: 26,500 teachers walk off the job, shutting down schools (September 2012). 5. (tie) Chicago public schools: teachers, now numbering 27,000, walk out again (April, 2016). 5. (tie) Boeing: 27,000 members of the International Association of Machinists walk out in Washington, Oregon, Kansas, and California (September 2008). 4. Sutter Hospitals, Kaiser Permanente Hospitals, and the Children's Hospital and Research Center: 29,000 nurses, engineers, and healthcare workers strike (September 2011). 3. Verizon: 36,500 workers strike from Massachusetts to Virginia (April 2016). 2. Verizon: 45,000 CWA members stop work along the East Coast (August 2011). 1. General Motors: 74,000 United Auto Workers walk out nationwide (2007). Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
In These Times With liberty and justice for all... RSS Facebook Twitter ▼ POLITICS ACT LOCALLY LABOR CULTURE VIDEO CURRENT ISSUE Contributors SUBSCRIBE DONATE About Us Contact Us Free Newsletters HOME POLITICS CNN’s New Book Is a Master Class in How Not to Cover an Election Keith Ellison and Bernie Sanders: How To Remake the Democratic Party Here’s What’s More Troubling About Rex Tillerson Than His Ties to Putin Tom Geoghegan: 4 Things We the People Can Do About Our Unjust Voting System and a President Trump Trump Can’t Follow Through on His Promises—And Will Need A Scapegoat ACT LOCALLY Sanctuary in the Streets: How New Alliances Are Revitalizing a Past Movement A New Mother’s Day Tradition: Fighting for Moms Behind Bars Mothers of the World, Unite! A Bank Even a Socialist Could Love Russian Dissident Masha Gessen on Why Outrage Is Not Optional LABOR In the Age of Trump, Can Labor Unite? Sorry, Charter Boosters: Record Numbers of Teachers at Chicago Charter Schools Are Organizing Unions Our Cotton Colonies Staughton Lynd Is Building a New World in the Basement of the Old Attacks on Immigrants Are Attacks on Workers CULTURE When the Bankers Took Manhattan: Austerity’s New York Roots Another War, Another Blitzerkrieg The Milquetoast Militants of Showtime’s “Guerrilla” How To Resist, in 6 Books Hulu’s Brilliant Adaptation of “The Handmaid’s Tale” Says More About Our Present Than Our Future VIDEO MAGAZINE SUBSCRIBE GIVE A GIFT CURRENT ISSUE ARCHIVES CUSTOMER SERVICE DONATE At $1 million a pop, each Tomahawk missile fired is a gift to Raytheon. (U.S. Navy via Getty Images) Views » May 19, 2017 War Profiteering Ain’t Physics Even Trump can’t buck the iron law of U.S. foreign policy: Follow the money. BY Leonard C. Goodman Share TweetReddit0 StumbleUpon190EmailPrint Email this article to a friend your email your name recipient(s) email (comma separated) message captcha Nearly every policy that comes out of our national government can be explained by the influence of one thing: big money. Albert Einstein spent the last two decades of his life in a frustrating quest to bring together all the forces of nature into a single set of equations: a “unified field theory.” Even today, such a theory remains elusive.  Had Einstein studied political science instead, he might have had a much easier time developing a unified theory. From healthcare to land use, nearly every policy that comes out of our national government can be explained by the influence of one thing: big money. This holds strongest at the national level, where the government has the luxury of deficit spending. For state and municipal governments, which have to deliver services within a limited budget—education, garbage pickup, public safety—it’s much harder to completely ignore constituents.  Take the mystery of why federal officials, guided by intelligent and experienced advisors, continue to lead us into unpopular wars that exacerbate the very problems they were intended to solve. For example, in 2001, al Qaeda was a small band of rebels stuck in tribal areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan. Today, after 15 years of military invasions, regime changes, bombing raids, drone strikes and the delivery of American-made weapons to various rebel groups—policies endorsed by both the Democratic and Republican parties as the proper response to 9/11—al Qaeda and its even more brutal offspring, ISIS, have grown exponentially, spreading throughout the Middle East and into West Africa and Southeast Asia.  Under our unified theory, these disasters are easily explained. The arms industry needs a foreign policy that preserves a level of fear and violence around the globe sufficient to sustain trillion-dollar defense budgets; the Iraq War alone generated $138 billion in government contracts. Oil and gas producers need access to energy resources around the globe, meaning a strong U.S. military presence in energy-rich regions to support corporate-friendly rulers who will suppress populist movements.  Let’s apply our theory to the latest foreign policy mystery: why Donald Trump, despite Russian sympathies, launched an air strike against Russian ally Bashar al-Assad.  Although the arms industry lavished more than $14 million on Republican congressional candidates in 2016 (compared to $9 million on Democrats), Hillary Clinton was its favorite presidential candidate, receiving more than $1 million while Trump received only $320,000. Yes, Trump had promised to drop even more bombs on ISIS—like Raytheon’s Tomahawk missile, at $1 million a pop. But Trump also threatened to improve relations with Russia, and this could not be tolerated.  While the War on Terror has been great for business, it is limited by the lack of sophisticated armies to clash with in the Middle East—except for Saudi Arabia, but we can’t bomb the Saudis because they buy their weapons from U.S. manufacturers and partner with our energy producers. Hostile relations with Russia—or even better, a second Cold War—are necessary if U.S. military budgets are to continue to consume more and more of our discretionary spending. “The [Berlin] Wall came down [and] all defense budgets went south,” an executive at defense contractor L-3 Communications explained to shareholders in August 2016. How do you convince the American people to support trillion-dollar weapons systems like the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter to fight a bunch of cave dwellers in Afghanistan? Even the “mother of all bombs,” dropped in April, cost only $170,000.  Once Trump was elected, the arms industry kicked into high gear. Boeing gave $1 million to Trump’s inauguration, and Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Northrop Grumman and Raytheon collectively spent more than $13 million in lobbying during Trump’s first three months in office.  It didn’t take Trump long to get the message. He launched missiles at Syria, an ally of Russia, and promised to support NATO, which is carrying out maneuvers just hundreds of yards from the Russian border. After the Syria strike, missile makers Raytheon and Lockheed Martin rallied on Wall Street, along with other defense stocks, like General Dynamics and Northrop Grumman.  So our foreign policy is back to normal, serving corporate interests rather than the public. It doesn’t take an Einstein to understand that. Like what you’ve read? Subscribe to In These Times magazine, or make a tax-deductible donation to fund this reporting. Leonard C. Goodman Leonard Goodman is a Chicago criminal defense lawyer and Adjunct Professor of Law at DePaul University. if you like this, check out: The Progressive Movement Just Scored a Huge Win in Philly’s DA Race The Impeachment Trap: Be Careful What You Wish For Interviews for Resistance: Bird-Dogging To Stop Trumpcare in the Senate Another War, Another Blitzerkrieg Resister’s Digest: Getting Radical in the Heartland View Comments People don't understand relativity. I learned about relativity at grandmas house. I discovered evidence of my cousins, cousin Maryium, Mittens the cat and a 4 armed miniature sorter called 120 Maryium 313...We are from the stars, we are meant to bring our knowledge back to space. Posted by MaryTormey on 2017-05-19 19:27:04 Certainly war profiteering plays a big part in US policy, but the biggest driver is the ancient dream of empire. A dream that could be finished if Trump gets us into a war with somebody with real firepower. Because all those expensive toys aren't worth ten percent of what we paid for them, with the rest going to profit. Posted by JCDavis on 2017-05-19 19:03:37 War Profiteering Ain’t Physics Sanctuary in the Streets: How New Alliances Are Revitalizing a Past Movement When the Bankers Took Manhattan: Austerity’s New York Roots Another War, Another Blitzerkrieg View Full Contents Subscribe to In These Times Only $20/year—that's only $1.67 per month! Get the Latest News & Updates Online Form - Newsletter splash 5 Read More Politics » War Profiteering Ain’t Physics The Progressive Movement Just Scored a Huge Win in Philly’s DA Race The Movement » Sanctuary in the Streets: How New Alliances Are Revitalizing a Past Movement A New Mother’s Day Tradition: Fighting for Moms Behind Bars Labor » In the Age of Trump, Can Labor Unite? Sorry, Charter Boosters: Record Numbers of Teachers at Chicago Charter Schools Are Organizing Unions Culture » When the Bankers Took Manhattan: Austerity’s New York Roots Another War, Another Blitzerkrieg Subscribe now and receive 12 monthly issues for just $20.00—that's 53% off the cover price, or just $1.67 per issue Subscribe Now The stories behind the inequality crisis—from In These Times and Verso Books Order Now x « Read this next The Progressive Movement Just Scored a Huge Win in Philly’s DA Race In These Times ABOUT US NEWSLETTERS/RSS CONTACT US REPRINTS ARCHIVES SUBMISSIONS DONATE LEAVE A LEGACY SPONSORSHIPS ADVERTISE PRESS PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBE GIVE A GIFT INTERNSHIPS/JOBS INVESTIGATIVE INSTITUTE COPYRIGHT ©2016 IN THESE TIMES AND THE INSTITUTE FOR PUBLIC AFFAIRS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
Military & Defense BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Navy deploys new precision-guided missile that can track and destroy targets at sea Scout Warrior May 19, 2017, 11:00 AM 4,645 facebook linkedin twitter email print F-35 test pilot Marine Maj. Douglas "Rosie" Rosenstock, fires an AIM-120 missile from an F-35B above the Point Mugu Sea Test Range, California. F-35 Joint Program Office The Navy is arming its entire fleet with a new air-launched, precision-guided missile able to use a two-way data-link to identify and destroy moving targets at sea, service officials said.  Called the AMG-154 Joint Standoff Weapon, or JSOW, the Raytheon-built attack bomb uses GPS technology, inertial measurement unit guidance technology and an imaging infrared seeker in the final phase of flight to find and attack enemy targets. "The weapon is integrated with a Link 16 network radio, enabling it to engage moving targets at sea. The radio allows the launch aircraft or another designated controller to provide real-time target updates to the weapon in flight or reassign the weapon to another target. It also uses GPS/INS and an infrared seeker for terminal guidance," NAVAIR spokeswoman Jamie Cosgrove told Scout Warrior in a statement. The Joint Stand-Off Weapon C-1 achieved operational status in June of last year and is now deployed with all Navy Air Wings, Cosgrove said.  The new technology gives fighters such as the F/A-18 Super Hornet a vastly increased attack envelope against a wider range of threats such as enemy ships, small boats and submarines on-the-move. Moving forward, the JSOW C-1 will be fired from the Navy’s carrier-launched variant of the Joint Strike Fighter, the F-35C. While historically used as a land-attack weapon launched from air-platforms such as fighter jets, new technology allows the JSOW weapon to use the LINK 16 data-link to identify and kill moving maritime targets at sea from ranges as far at 70-miles, Navy officials told Scout Warrior. An F-35C carrier variant joint strike fighter lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS Nimitz. US Navy The JSOW C-1 Moving Maritime Target capability allows the weapon to fly to an updated cue from its controlling platform, then transition to an image recognition/matching process enabled by an onboard database of ship characteristics stored in the weapon, Navy officials said. The existing variant, called the JSOW C, has been upgraded to include the new variant, called the JSOW C-1. The new JSOW C-1 combines the proven, precision, standoff land attack capabilities from JSOW C, with the new, state-of-the-art Link 16 data link to also engage moving maritime targets. The JSOW C-1 is the only variant currently in production, and is an upgrade to the JSOW C Unitary variant which uses an autonomous imaging infrared seeker with automatic target acquisition for terminal guidance, developers said. The C-1 uses same legacy JSOW C unitary warhead, a British-designed BROACH tandem lethal package (blast/frag and penetration capability) for use against point targets, service officials explained. “One of the first networked enabled weapons, the JSOW C-1 has a datalink capability that allows a controlling or targeting platform to provide updated targeting information in flight.  These inflight target updates facilitated via Link-16 enable greater weapon accuracy and enhance the probability of mission success,” a Navy official told Scout Warrior. The existing JSOW C variant, which can be programmed from the cockpit, is able to fire against a wide range of fixed targets such as enemy buildings, bunkers, air defenses, equipment or troop locations. Boeing “The weapon (JSOW C) has a pre-planned mode where mission planning is used and then also a target of opportunity mode where, if an aircrew needed to change targets in flight, a pilot can select a new target or incorporate third-party target location,” Ron Jenkins, Director of the Precision Standoff Strike Mission Area, Raytheon, told Scout Warrior in an interview last year. Jenkins added that both variants of the weapon are engineered with an anti-jam technology, radio frequency countermeasures and an ability to tailor its trajectory or impact depending upon the disposition of a target. For instance, the weapon can be adjusted to destroy a hardened concrete bunker, he added. “It does have a very robust GPS anti-jam capability and it also has waypoint navigation, which would enable operators to navigate around a threat. In addition to that, you can select the direction of arrival and the angle. For example, if you were going against a hardened bunker, you would want a steeper dive.” While much of the details of this are not publically available for discussion, both JSOW variants are engineered with what’s called advanced “survivability” technology, meaning they are very difficult to shoot down, Jenkins added. New Navy Strategy The development of this new JSOW C-1 weapon is entirely consistent with the Navy’s emerging “distributed lethality” strategy which aims to better arm the fleet with offensive and defensive weaponry to better address near-peer threats at sea. Read the original article on Scout Warrior. Copyright 2017. Follow Scout Warrior on Twitter. More from Scout Warrior: SEE ALSO: Watch the US Marine Corps' F-35 run and gun for the first time NOW WATCH: This is how pilots train to fly the F-35 — America’s most expensive fighter jet Loading video... More: Scout Warrior Military Navy f 35 JSOW-C1 facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Navy deploys new precision-guided missile that can track and destroy targets at sea Navy deploys new precision-guided missile that can track and destroy targets at sea The Navy is arming its entire fleet with a new... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Military & Defense Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Top Local Stories Police arrest man in connection with hit-and-run that killed 6-month-old boy News Do Michigan's governor and other top officials deserve a raise? News 9-year-old Detroit boy who was shot in head speaks out News Prosecutors: Times Square driver who killed Michigan woman wanted to ‘kill them all' News 11-month-old boy dies amid child-abuse investigation in Detroit News Woman knocked out by concrete while driving on I-696 in Warren to undergo surgery News Weekend construction in Metro Detroit: Work on I-75, I-94, M-39 Traffic Big dog behaving badly gets attitude adjustment thanks to good training News Spice Up Your Kitchen With a Trip to These 4 Asian Markets In The D Money Dealmaker Trump will be busy in Saudi Arabia He's due to attend three summits in two days By ZAHRAA ALKHALISI Posted: 7:47 AM, May 19, 2017 Updated: 7:57 AM, May 19, 2017 CNN Video More Money Headlines 100 days: Trump's promises kept and broken President Trump's executive orders Besieged at home, Trump sets off for 'do-or-die' foreign trip Trump will not announce promised embassy move during Israel trip Once hoped for as a reset, Trump's foreign trip now bogged in White House crises Trump to dive into Mideast conflict on first presidential trip Trump to visit the Vatican, Israel and Saudi Arabia on first foreign trip DUBAI (CNNMoney) - The first stop on President Donald Trump's first overseas trip is Saudi Arabia. It may also be the busiest. He's due to attend three summits in two days and witness the signing of several deals worth billions of dollars. "There's an economic depth to his visit," said Ahmed Alibrahim, an expert in Saudi-U.S. relations based in Riyadh. Trump would be looking to sign "major deals" with Saudi Arabia and the Gulf states, he added. The deals will cut both ways, providing business for American firms but also investment Saudi Arabia urgently needs as part of its ambitious plan to break its addiction to oil by 2030. "There will be significant investment from Saudi [Arabia] in the U.S. but also there will be significant benefits to Saudi Arabia," the kingdom's finance minister, Mohammed Al-Jadaan, said in an interview with CNNMoney. "There will be employment in both, there will be investments on both sides and you will see it when the deals are announced... that there are significant investments on both sides," Al-Jadaan said. Here are some of the big issues that could dominate Trump's talks. Defense contracts Saudi Arabia is the largest trading partner for the U.S. in the Middle East, exchanging goods worth about $35 billion in 2016, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Much of that is oil. Saudi Arabia is the second biggest exporter of crude oil to the U.S. after Canada. But military equipment accounts for another big chunk of trade between the two, and that's likely to grow. The kingdom is the fifth biggest spender on defense in the world. It has allocated 191 billion riyals ($51 billion), or 21% of its 2017 budget, to military spending. The U.S. is the world's biggest arms exporter. Nearly half of those exports go to the Middle East, with Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates among the leading buyers. "The visit to Saudi Arabia will very likely witness the signing of several defense agreements, mostly related to missile defense as well as bolstering air and naval capabilities," said Riad Kahwaji, CEO of INEGMA, a security consultancy. Running parallel to Trump's summit with Saudi King Salman on Saturday is a business forum that will include senior executives from about 45 U.S. companies. Defense contractors Lockheed Martin and Raytheon are due to attend. Also on the list: Boeing, ExxonMobil, Dow Chemical, GE, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley, oil services firms and investment groups. Mutual investment Attracting more foreign investment is essential if Saudi Arabia is to realize its vision of breaking free of oil. It wants to grow its private sector to 65% of GDP by 2030 from around 40% at present. "We want to enable it by encouraging investment locally, encouraging foreign direct investment and the visit of the CEOs is obviously one way to showcase the opportunities in Saudi Arabia and we have a lot of opportunities that U.S. companies can tap," said Al-Jaadan. The kingdom has just announced the launch of a new military manufacturing company which it says will contribute 14 billion riyals ($3.7 billion) to GDP by 2030. It plans to achieve that by working with local and international partners. Also due to attend the CEO forum are executives from SoftBank. The Japanese tech firm has launched a $100 billion investment fund with Saudi Arabia. The kingdom has committed $45 billion. SoftBank founder and CEO Masayoshi Son promised Trump in December that he would invest $50 billion into the U.S., telling the Wall Street Journal later that the money would come from the new SoftBank-Saudi fund. Mega oil deal While Trump looks for more detail on that huge cash injection, another mammoth deal may also come up in talks: Saudi Arabia's plans to list its giant oil company Aramco on the stock market. Officials are planning to sell about 5% of Aramco next year in what is likely to be the world's biggest initial public offering ever. The New York Stock Exchange is reported to be in serious discussions with Saudi Arabia over the deal. But it faces tough competition: the London Stock Exchange is also lobbying hard for a piece of the action. Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending https://www.clickondetroit.com
Latest News Dow 20,805 +141.82 +0.69% Nasdaq 6,084 +28.57 +0.47% S&P 500 2,382 +16.01 +0.68% 12:00 A.M. ET Retail Isn't Dead 5/19 Updated Wine and cheese make you smart and healthy, according to new studies 5/19 Updated Millennials and baby boomers have conflicting views on when it’s time to pay your own way 5/19 Updated When they’re not eating avocado toast, millennials spend five hours a day doing this… 5/19 Updated U.S. households now have as much debt as they had in 2008 5/19 Updated ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 5/19 Updated American women are having babies later — and in 2017 are still conflicted about it 5/19 Updated Can this blob help people fight debt collectors? 5/19 Updated Is my golfing buddy the cheapest guy in America? 5/19 Updated This social network ranks as the worst for young people’s mental health 5/19 Updated Cryptosporidium doesn’t appear in the new ‘Alien’ movie, but the CDC says it lurks in swimming pools 5/19 Nearly half don’t have the cash to pay for a $400 emergency, Fed survey finds 5/19 Breaking Ex-FBI Director Comey to testify in public Senate hearing 5/19 How Much Power Does a Special Counsel Have? 5/19 Updated Turkish passenger tries to breach cockpit on American Airlines Hawaii flight: report 5/19 Giving Your Child an Edge, When Stakes are High 5/19 Job benefits that will save you thousands and the man who will get you out of medical bills 5/19 Adulting: When Did You Finally Grow Up? 5/19 Updated Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns 5/19 Updated Treasury yields suffer largest weekly fall in a month, as stocks stage a rebound Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Commercial and Military Flight Simulation Strategic Business Report 2015-2022: New Genn Aircraft Drive Demand for Flight Simulation Products & Services in Commercial & Military Aviation Sectors - Research and Markets By Published: May 19, 2017 5:38 a.m. ET Share DUBLIN, May 19, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Commercial and Military Flight Simulation - Global Strategic Business Report" report to their offering. The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Canada, Japan, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East & Africa, and Latin America. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Commercial and Military Flight Simulation in US$ Million by the following Product/Service Segments: Commercial Flight Simulation (Commercial Full Flight Simulators, Commercial Flight Training Devices, & Commercial Flight Training Services) Military Flight Simulation (Military Full Flight Simulators, Military Flight Training Devices, & Military Flight Training Services). The report profiles 78 companies including many key and niche players such as: Alsim Flight Training Solutions (France) Bluedrop Performance Learning Inc. (Canada) CAE, Inc. (Canada) Cubic Corporation (USA) Elbit Systems Ltd. (Israel) ELITE Simulation Solutions (USA) FlightSafety International, Inc. (USA) FRASCA International, Inc. (USA) HAVELSAN A.S. (Turkey) Lockheed Martin Corporation (USA) L3 Technologies, Inc. (USA) L3 Link Simulation & Training (USA) Rockwell Collins, Inc. (USA) Thales Group (France) The Boeing Company (USA) TRU Simulation + Training Inc. (USA) Key Topics Covered: 1. Industry Overview 2. Key Market Trends, Growth Divers & Issues 3. Product Overview 4. Product Innovations/Introductions 5. Recent Industry Activity 6. Focus On Select Players 7. Global Market Perspective Total Companies Profiled: 78 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries 93) The United States (39) Canada (7) Europe (35) - France (7) - Germany (8) - The United Kingdom (4) - Italy (2) - Spain (2) - Rest of Europe (12) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (10) Middle East (2) For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/2dvmvr/commercial_and View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170519005218/en/ SOURCE: Research and Markets Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 Related Topics: Virtual and Augmented Reality Copyright Business Wire 2017 From MarketWatch More Coverage Turkish passenger tries to breach cockpit on American Airlines Hawaii flight: report Man who called Dow 20,000 says stock market could see 1,000-point surge if Trump resigns This is why you shouldn’t lie to a future employer about your salary Most Popular Trump administration wants to overhaul the way you repay student loans This social network ranks as the worst for young people’s mental health Here’s one thing parents should know before buying a fidget spinner Current White House official is target in Russia probe, and Trump told Lavrov that Comey was a ‘nut job’: reports President Trump Heads to the Middle East MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Dealmaker Trump will be busy in Saudi Arabia - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Watch Preakness LIVE EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Watch Preakness LIVE EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Dealmaker Trump will be busy in Saudi Arabia Posted: Friday, May 19, 2017 8:06 AM EDT Updated: Friday, May 19, 2017 11:38 AM EDT President Donald Trump shares a laugh with (clockwise from left) Ms.Seema Verma, Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Secretary Tom Price, U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services, and Vice President Mike Pence on... President Donald J. Trump is the 45th President of the United States. President Donald J. Trump being sworn in as the 45th President of the United States on January 20th, 2017. President Trump addressed a joint session of Congress for the first time on February 28th, 2017. President Donald Trump and First Lady Melania Trump at The White House. By Zahraa Alkhalisi DUBAI (CNNMoney) -- The first stop on President Trump's first overseas trip is Saudi Arabia. It may also be the busiest. He's due to attend three summits in two days and witness the signing of several deals worth billions of dollars. "There's an economic depth to his visit," said Ahmed Alibrahim, an expert in Saudi-U.S. relations based in Riyadh. Trump would be looking to sign "major deals" with Saudi Arabia and the Gulf states, he added. The deals will cut both ways, providing business for American firms but also investment Saudi Arabia urgently needs as part of its ambitious plan to break its addiction to oil by 2030. "There will be significant investment from Saudi [Arabia] in the U.S. but also there will be significant benefits to Saudi Arabia," the kingdom's finance minister, Mohammed Al-Jadaan, said in an interview with CNNMoney. "There will be employment in both, there will be investments on both sides and you will see it when the deals are announced... that there are significant investments on both sides," Al-Jadaan said. Here are some of the big issues that could dominate Trump's talks. Defense contracts Saudi Arabia is the largest trading partner for the U.S. in the Middle East, exchanging goods worth about $35 billion in 2016, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Much of that is oil. Saudi Arabia is the second biggest exporter of crude oil to the U.S. after Canada. But military equipment accounts for another big chunk of trade between the two, and that's likely to grow. The kingdom is the fifth biggest spender on defense in the world. It has allocated 191 billion riyals ($51 billion), or 21% of its 2017 budget, to military spending. The U.S. is the world's biggest arms exporter. Nearly half of those exports go to the Middle East, with Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates among the leading buyers. "The visit to Saudi Arabia will very likely witness the signing of several defense agreements, mostly related to missile defense as well as bolstering air and naval capabilities," said Riad Kahwaji, CEO of INEGMA, a security consultancy. Running parallel to Trump's summit with Saudi King Salman on Saturday is a business forum that will include senior executives from about 45 U.S. companies. Defense contractors Lockheed Martin and Raytheon are due to attend. Also on the list: Boeing, ExxonMobil, Dow Chemical, GE, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley, oil services firms and investment groups. Mutual investment Attracting more foreign investment is essential if Saudi Arabia is to realize its vision of breaking free of oil. It wants to grow its private sector to 65% of GDP by 2030 from around 40% at present. "We want to enable it by encouraging investment locally, encouraging foreign direct investment and the visit of the CEOs is obviously one way to showcase the opportunities in Saudi Arabia and we have a lot of opportunities that U.S. companies can tap," said Al-Jaadan. The kingdom has just announced the launch of a new military manufacturing company which it says will contribute 14 billion riyals ($3.7 billion) to GDP by 2030. It plans to achieve that by working with local and international partners. Also due to attend the CEO forum are executives from SoftBank. The Japanese tech firm has launched a $100 billion investment fund with Saudi Arabia. The kingdom has committed $45 billion. SoftBank founder and CEO Masayoshi Son promised Trump in December that he would invest $50 billion into the U.S., telling the Wall Street Journal later that the money would come from the new SoftBank-Saudi fund. Mega oil deal While Trump looks for more detail on that huge cash injection, another mammoth deal may also come up in talks: Saudi Arabia's plans to list its giant oil company Aramco on the stock market. Officials are planning to sell about 5% of Aramco next year in what is likely to be the world's biggest initial public offering ever. The New York Stock Exchange is reported to be in serious discussions with Saudi Arabia over the deal. But it faces tough competition: the London Stock Exchange is also lobbying hard for a piece of the action. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Dealmaker Trump will be busy in Saudi Arabia Dealmaker Trump will be busy in Saudi Arabia Posted on Friday, May 19, 2017 by CNN in Business News The first stop on President Trump’s first overseas trip is Saudi Arabia. It may also be the busiest. He’s due to attend three summits in two days and witness the signing of several deals worth billions of dollars. “There’s an economic depth to his visit,” said Ahmed Alibrahim, an expert in Saudi-U.S. relations based in Riyadh. Trump would be looking to sign “major deals” with Saudi Arabia and the Gulf states, he added. The deals will cut both ways, providing business for American firms but also investment Saudi Arabia urgently needs as part of its ambitious plan to break its addiction to oil by 2030. “There will be significant investment from Saudi [Arabia] in the U.S. but also there will be significant benefits to Saudi Arabia,” the kingdom’s finance minister, Mohammed Al-Jadaan, said in an interview with CNNMoney. “There will be employment in both, there will be investments on both sides and you will see it when the deals are announced… that there are significant investments on both sides,” Al-Jadaan said. Here are some of the big issues that could dominate Trump’s talks. Defense contracts Saudi Arabia is the largest trading partner for the U.S. in the Middle East, exchanging goods worth about $35 billion in 2016, according to the U.S. Census Bureau. Much of that is oil. Saudi Arabia is the second biggest exporter of crude oil to the U.S. after Canada. But military equipment accounts for another big chunk of trade between the two, and that’s likely to grow. The kingdom is the fifth biggest spender on defense in the world. It has allocated 191 billion riyals ($51 billion), or 21% of its 2017 budget, to military spending. The U.S. is the world’s biggest arms exporter. Nearly half of those exports go to the Middle East, with Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates among the leading buyers. “The visit to Saudi Arabia will very likely witness the signing of several defense agreements, mostly related to missile defense as well as bolstering air and naval capabilities,” said Riad Kahwaji, CEO of INEGMA, a security consultancy. Running parallel to Trump’s summit with Saudi King Salman on Saturday is a business forum that will include senior executives from about 45 U.S. companies. Defense contractors Lockheed Martin and Raytheon are due to attend. Also on the list: Boeing, ExxonMobil, Dow Chemical, GE, Citigroup, Morgan Stanley, oil services firms and investment groups. Mutual investment Attracting more foreign investment is essential if Saudi Arabia is to realize its vision of breaking free of oil. It wants to grow its private sector to 65% of GDP by 2030 from around 40% at present. “We want to enable it by encouraging investment locally, encouraging foreign direct investment and the visit of the CEOs is obviously one way to showcase the opportunities in Saudi Arabia and we have a lot of opportunities that U.S. companies can tap,” said Al-Jaadan. The kingdom has just announced the launch of a new military manufacturing company which it says will contribute 14 billion riyals ($3.7 billion) to GDP by 2030. It plans to achieve that by working with local and international partners. Also due to attend the CEO forum are executives from SoftBank. The Japanese tech firm has launched a $100 billion investment fund with Saudi Arabia. The kingdom has committed $45 billion. SoftBank founder and CEO Masayoshi Son promised Trump in December that he would invest $50 billion into the U.S., telling the Wall Street Journal later that the money would come from the new SoftBank-Saudi fund. Mega oil deal While Trump looks for more detail on that huge cash injection, another mammoth deal may also come up in talks: Saudi Arabia’s plans to list its giant oil company Aramco on the stock market. Officials are planning to sell about 5% of Aramco next year in what is likely to be the world’s biggest initial public offering ever. The New York Stock Exchange is reported to be in serious discussions with Saudi Arabia over the deal. But it faces tough competition: the London Stock Exchange is also lobbying hard for a piece of the action. London airport's new control tower won't have anyone inside Bollywood wrestling movie is crushing 'Guardians' in China Related Posts The ‘lean in’ stock exchange that’s winning on many fronts Is Maria Sharapova paying too high a price? Martha Stewart: ‘I’m voting for Hillary Clinton’; Trump ‘totally unprepared’ Trump’s new problem: His lead on economy has evaporated Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:04 GMT +320 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Sweden's Defense Ministry Has Six Items on its Wish List © AP Photo/ Mindaugas Kulbis Military & Intelligence 14:19 19.05.2017(updated 16:17 19.05.2017) Get short URL 279433 As a result of dramatic cuts in Sweden's military budget that started the early 1990s, the Swedish Defense Ministry sees itself as being in dire need of materiel and new equipment. Swedish researchers expect the peak to be reached a few years into the 2020s. © REUTERS/ Francois Lenoir Scandinavians to Fork Out 'Protection Money' to Be Under 'Mad Dog' Mattis' GuardSwedish politicians stopped cutting defense spending long ago due to their current narrative of a "deterioration of the security situation in Europe," in which they typically attempt to incriminate Russia. However, the hunger for materiel is still strong in the Swedish Armed Forces. Sweden has hiked its defense budget recently; these funds are expected to be earmarked the recruitment of soldiers of sailors. However, Swedish politicians don't think this is enough, and Swedish defense companies may safely look forward to new orders to plug the widening defense gaps. Even though heavy machinery like airplanes, tanks, radar systems have a long life, sooner or later, they have to be replaced, which is why Sweden is facing major investments, Peter Nordlund of the Defense Research Institute told the Swedish daily Svenska Dagbladet, while reviewing Sweden's military "wish list." 1) Fighter jets First and foremost, the Swedish Air Force needs to replace its current fleet of Gripen fighter aircraft with 60 Gripen E, which are expected to take to the skies around 2023. For Sweden, this is a huge investment, and aircraft manufacturer Saab received a mammoth order of around 40 billion SEK ($4.6bln). Many politicians and military experts made it clear, though, that an additional 10 fighters may be needed. Nice article & photos F 7 #SwAF exercising on Trollhättan-Vänersborg airport today. #Gripen Photos: S. Bennhage https://t.co/xo4iJBzCao pic.twitter.com/2cVNlwtvGO — Gripen News (@GripenNews) 10 мая 2017 г. ​2) Air Defense The exact number of Gripens needed is dependent on the country's air safety. Today, Sweden is hesitating between using a US-made Patriot air defense network and its European counterpart SAMP/T. In addition to an estimated cost of around 10 billion SEK ($1.14bln), the problem is the ultimate choice between the US and the European Union as partner. 3) Submarines Saab, which is currently building two submarines for the Swedish Navy in its shipyard in Karlskrona, has also been commissioned to develop two new A26 submarines. In total, the orders have reached about 10 billion SEK, but there has been talk about buying at least one more submarine. 4) Transport aircraft The Swedish Air Force has long used the 1960s Hercules C-130 as its main transportation plane, and today the need for an upgrade is dramatic. At present, the choice is between a more modern version of the Hercules, Brazilian Embraer's KC-390, and Airbus's A400M. 5) Training aircraft For a long time, Swedish pilots have undergone basic flight training using the SK60, which has been stamped as "outdated." The alternatives are schooling pilots in another country, such as the US, buying planes from a foreign manufacturer or make use of the new trainer developed by Saab and Boeing for the US Air Force. Initially, it was slated to replace the SK60 by 2020, but the government has asked the Armed Forces to consider continued use until 2025. 5 generationer av @saab på @helikopterflottiljen #saab #j29 #j35 #sk60 #j37 #jas39 #tunnan… https://t.co/xhFKfX6ZcK pic.twitter.com/ONTaGPN9mc — Simon Allinggard (@Simonsfoto) 30 августа 2016 г. ​6) Corvettes The Gävle and the Sundsvall, two Gävle-klass corvettes, have been in service since the early 1990s and are starting to become partly outdated. For instance, the corvettes are in need of a new radar array, a better wiring system and communications equipment. The Swedish Armed Forces have been waning in size ever since the end of the Cold War era, in lockstep with shrinking military budgets. Today, the Swedish Armed Forces only numbers 20,000 men, as opposed to 180,000 in the 1980s. Additionally, Sweden's defense budget has shrunk from 3.1 percent of the country's GDP in 1981 to only 1.1 percent in 2016. Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 33 Related: Swedish Army Buckles Up to Last Longer Than 'One Week' Fake Threats Lead to Real Military Budget Hikes in Sweden Sweden Struggles to Protect Itself Amid Waning Budgets, Dubious Solutions Non-Aligned Sweden to Devise New Foreign Military Aid Strategy Thanks But No Thanks: Swedes Stand Up to Army Bosses Lobbying for NATO Accession Enlisted Men (and Women): Sweden Hopes Gender Perspective Makes a Better Army Tags: defense budget, armed forces, Saab JAS 39 Gripen, Saab, Scandinavia, Sweden TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:50Czech Crisis: Are Prague's Protests a Threat to Elections or a Prelude? 09:27China Rejects US Allegations of Aircraft Intercept Over Yellow Sea – Ministry 08:46States of Latin America Interested in Russian Armored Cars, Amphibious Aircraft 08:30Ukrainian President Poroshenko to Meet German Chancellor Merkel on Saturday 08:01Peru Open for Strategic, Military-Technical Cooperation With Russia – OfficialAll news US Hypersonic Aircraft Will Not Catch Russia Flat-Footed 12812 Why US Attempts to Hide Its Tanks From Russia's Armatas are Doomed 10045 Modernized Tu-160M2 Bomber, 'Stepping Stone' to PAK DA 5th Gen Stealth Bomber 9792 Military Buildup: China Installs Anti-Frogman Guns in South China Sea 8806 US-Led Coalition Strikes Hit Syrian Army in Southern Syria - Reports 7858All news US Coalition Strike on Syrian Army Occurred Within Deconfliction Zone 38 Russia 'Attempted to Dissuade' Syrian Army From al-Tanf Before Coalition Strikes 32 US-Led Coalition Strikes Hit Syrian Army in Southern Syria - Reports 32 US Attack on Syrian Convoy 'Government Terrorism' - Syrian Negotiator in Geneva 27 Why US Attempts to Hide Its Tanks From Russia's Armatas are Doomed 23All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics This Week in Pictures Robert E. See You Later Russia's Black Sea Fleet, More Than Two Centuries on Duty News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews Next Gen Jammer Increment 1 on track May 19, 2017 The Airborne Electronic Attack Systems and EA-6B program office (PMA-234) completed a critical design review (CDR) for the AN/ALQ-249 Next Generation Jammer (NGJ) Increment (Inc) 1 Mid-band program at Naval Air Station Patuxent River, Maryland, in late April. During CDR, it was determined that the design and development are on track to meet crucial warfighter requirements, and fabrication, demonstration and test could proceed. The system is now in the Engineering and Manufacturing Development phase with Raytheon Space and Air Systems, the pod prime contractor, and Boeing, the EA-18G GROWLER® aircraft integration prime contractor. The AN/ALQ-249 NGJ Inc 1 Mid-band capability, once fielded, will transform the way the U.S. Navy conducts electronic warfare. The system will address the emerging, advanced threats and increased threat density using the latest Active Electronically Scanned Array, also known as AESA, digital and software-based technologies. This entry was posted on May 19, 2017 at 6:08 am and is filed under All News, Business, Community, County, Department of Defense, More News, St. Mary's News, z 600X120 Top Ad Bottom, z 600X120 Top Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment * Name Email Archives May 2017 (218) April 2017 (272) March 2017 (314) February 2017 (241) January 2017 (250) December 2016 (241) November 2016 (256) October 2016 (319) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (275) July 2016 (240) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (372) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (323) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (296) December 2015 (299) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (264) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (594) June 2013 (559) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
Army Technology News, views and contacts from the global Army industry Log in or Register Vehicles Vehicles Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Kaplan-30 Next Generation Armoured Fighting Vehicle (NGAFV) Kaplan-30 Next Generation Armoured Fighting Vehicle (NGAFV) Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Projects KORKUT Self Propelled Air Defence Gun System KORKUT Self Propelled Air Defence Gun System Projects Griffon Multi-Role Armoured Vehicle (VBMR) Griffon Multi-Role Armoured Vehicle (VBMR) Soldier Systems Soldier Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Global Defence Technology: Issue 74 Analysis Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Hitting the track with Boston Dynamics’ Handle Analysis Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Analysis Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Ordnance Ordnance Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Dragonfire: the road to battlefield ready laser weaponry Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Logistics Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Analysis NATO: in need of an overhaul? NATO: in need of an overhaul? Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Finland’s defence in focus Finland’s defence in focus Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Analysis Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Security Security Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Finland’s defence in focus Finland’s defence in focus Analysis Talking cyber security skills with BAE Talking cyber security skills with BAE Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Moving ahead in the virtual battlespace Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Global Defence Technology: Issue 75 Projects Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Jaguar Armoured Reconnaissance and Combat Vehicle Analysis Finland’s defence in focus Finland’s defence in focus Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers UBS - Special Purpose Vehicles and Equipment for Military Organisations Special Purpose Vehicles and Equipment for Military Organisations Suppliers 3W International - Gas and Heavy-Fuel Engines for Unmanned Aerial Systems and Vehicles Gas and Heavy-Fuel Engines for Unmanned Aerial Systems and Vehicles Suppliers VPT - High-Reliability DC-DC Converters and EMI Filters for Military Applications High-Reliability DC-DC Converters and EMI Filters for Military Applications Suppliers MPL - Rugged Embedded COTS Systems for Military and Aerospace Applications Rugged Embedded COTS Systems for Military and Aerospace Applications Videos Events Advertise With Us All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On May 19 2017 Deals this week: Oshkosh Defense, General Atomics Aeronautical Systems, Boeing Oshkosh Defense has secured a $90.88m contract to supply recapitalised family of heavy tactical vehicles (FHTVs) to the US Army. The contractor will produce 96 M1074A1 and 115 M1075A1 palletised load systems (PLS) at its facility in the city of Oshkosh, Wisconsin, US. The US Army is expected to take delivery of the new PLS in January 2019. General Atomics Aeronautical Systems (GA-ASI) has won a contract to supply hardware systems for the US Army’ extended range Gray Eagle unmanned aircraft system. GA-ASI will supply 20 extended range Gray Eagle aircraft, 20 satellite communications air data terminals, nine universal ground data terminals, six universal ground control stations, one mobile ground control station, ground support equipment, and programme management services under the contract. "The Boeing Company has received a prime contract worth $488.08m to remanufacture 38 AH-64 Apache combat helicopters for the UK Government." Awarded by the US Army Contracting Command, the contract valued $221.58m is scheduled to be completed by November 2019. The Boeing Company has received a prime contract worth $488.08m to remanufacture 38 AH-64 Apache combat helicopters for the UK Government, under a foreign military sales programme. Boeing will also produce three Longbow crew trainers and spare parts as part of the contract. Awarded by the US Army Contracting Command, the contract is expected to be completed in May 2024. A foreign military sale of Patriot Advanced Capability 3 (PAC-3) and Patriot Guidance Enhanced Missile-Tactical (GEM-T) missiles to the UAE Ministry of Defence has been approved by the US State Department. The scope of the potential $2bn contract involves supplying 60 PAC-3 missiles with canisters, 100 GEM-T missiles, spares, and support services. The US Army has awarded contracts worth $53m to Orbital ATK to manufacture and supply large-calibre training ammunition of type 120mm and 105mm. The 120mm training ammunition to be produced under the deal will be used to train crew on the Abrams main battle tank, while the 105mm ammunition is intended for use on the Stryker Mobile Gun System vehicles. Share Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest army industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.army-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 19 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman India’s Business Jets Market 2017: Industry Research, Review, Growth, Opportunities, Segment, Analysis and Forecast 2022 This report covers market characteristics, size and growth, segmentation, regional breakdowns, competitive landscape, market shares, trends and strategies PUNE, INDIA, May 19, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Executive Summary In the first six months of 2016, global business jets shipment fell by 4.3% to reach 292 as compared with 3025 jets in the same period in 2015. Overall 2016 is expected to be a year of slow growth for the business jets industry caused largely by decreasing demand from emerging countries due to economic difficulties in Europe, China, and Brazil coupled withfalling prices. It forecasted that the next decade will see a global demand of 9,100 business jets valued at USD 259 billion. This is the total market value of the sector and is projected to grow at 3% CAGR annually over the next decade. Over the last decade, a total of 8,190 business jets were delivered, amounting to USD 198 billion. Globally, the United States continues to be the strongest market for business jets and is expected to remain so for the coming decade. The US market has been resilient despite the oil price plunge. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/826934-a-study-of-india-s-business-jets-market-2016 At present India has over 250 business jets, of which 130 are private aircrafts, owned by owned primarily by successful business men including Mukesh Ambani, Nita Ambani, Ratan Tata, Lakshmi Mittal and Anil Ambani. It is predicted that India will have close to 1,340 private planes in the next 20 years. Even though India is a strong growth market, the business jets industry is still in its nascent stage. The private jet fleet in the country has recorded a compound annual growth rate of 8% over the past eight years, but still the fleet size is very less when compared with the leading private jet markets such as North America. Currently, India outnumbers both China and Japan when it comes to the number of private jets. Most Indians who can afford a private jet refrain from buying one due to the infrastructural challenges, high costs and maintenance. However, the situation is now changing and more rich Indians are opting to fly on private jets. Why should the report be purchased? The report ‘A Study of India’s Business Jets Market 2016’ highlights key drivers of and trends emerging in the global business jet market. The current market scenario and future prospects of the sector has been examined in detail. Key global players in the business jets industry including Gulfstream Aerospace Corp., Bombardier Inc., Cessna Aircraft, Honeywell International Inc., Embraer S.A., Boeing and Dassault Aviation have been profiled. The report contains latest industry leader’s opinion. Research methodology and delivery time Smart Research Insights has conducted in depth secondary research to arrive at key insights. Data collected from key public industry sources and publications has been scanned and analyzed impartially to present a clear picture of the industry. All recent developments which impact the sector dynamics have been captured and used to support the research hypothesis. The report is available as single-site single-user license. The delivery time for the electronic version of the report is 2 business day as each copy undergoes thorough quality check and is updated with the most recent information available. The dispatch time for hard copies 3 business days, as each hard copy is custom printed for the client. Make an enquiry of this Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/826934-a-study-of-india-s-business-jets-market-2016 Table of Content 1. Global Business Jets Market 1.1 Overview 1.2 Performance&Statistics 2. India Aviation Sector 2.1 Overview 2.2 Performance & Statistics 3. India Business Jets Market 3.1 Overview 3.2 Performance & Statistics 3.3 Market Drivers 3.4 Sector Challenges 3.5 Sector Outlook 4. Competitive Landscape 4.1 Gulfstream Aerospace Corp. 4.2 Bombardier Inc. 4.3 Cessna Aircraft 4.4 Honeywell International Inc. 4.5 Embraer S.A. 4.6 Dassault Aviation 4.7 Boeing 5. Other Emerging Business Jets Markets 5.1 China 5.2 Latin America 5.3 Middle East 6. List of Charts & Graphs 6.1 Global Market Outlook for Business Aviation (Segment Wise) 6.2 Worldwide Shipments of Business Jets by Country (till June 2016) 6.3 Number of Billionaires Worldwide Region Wise (2012-2014) 6.4 Global Number of Business Jet Delivered (2003-2014) 6.5 Number of Business Jets Registered Globally (2014) 6.6 Top Players: Business Jet Deliveries by Production Value (2013-2022) 6.7 Top Players: Business Jet Deliveries by Number (2013-2022) 6.8 Indian Business Jets Fleet (2005-2013) 6.9 India 20 Year Business Jets Fleet Forecast (2011,2023 – number of Jets) 6.10 Asia Pacific Business Jets Fleet by Number (2013 & 2014) 6.11 China Business Jets Fleet Breakdown by Manufacturer (%, 2014) 6.12 Hong Kong Business Jets Fleet Breakdown by Manufacturer (%, 2014) 6.13 Middle East Business Jets Market Size (2013, 2023 P, 2033 P, number of Jets) 6.14 Middle East Business Jets Fleet Ownership by Country (2013, number of jets) 6.15 Middle East No of Jets by Region (2014, %) Purchase Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=826934 Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Glass Bonding Adhesives Market to Grow at a CAGR of 7.17% by 2021 – Increasing Use of Glass Bonding Adhesives in UV-Curing Technology – Research and Markets Next PostNext Microbial and Bacterial Cellulose Market Report 2017 explores Celluforce, US Forest Service, University of Maine, American Process, Innventia AB these Players Search Recent Posts Brian Kwok in Law360: Post-Grant Reviews To Grow In Number, But As A Niche Tool Increase in the Preference for Ultrasonic Marine Wind Sensor Market 2017-2021 Administration to Propose Deep Cuts to HUD Programs Fluctuating demand for Commercial Vehicle Poly-V Belt Market to grow at a CAGR of 6.18% during the period 2017-2021 NPF Draftees in NCAA Tournament Regionals Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India May 20, 2017-Saturday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Studymate Englishmate India pushing full steam ahead on stealth fighter plane project The first prototype could be built in 10 to 12 years if all goes according to the Aeronautical Development Agency’s plan, government sources said. india Updated: May 19, 2017 11:57 IST Rahul Singh Hindustan Times, New Delhi A stealth fighter plane,Sukhoi T-50, flies during a display at the opening of the MAKS International Aviation and Space Salon at Zhukovsky airport outside Moscow.(File Photo) India is pushing full steam ahead on its plan to build an indigenous stealth fighter plane amid an uncertainty surrounding the proposed India-Russian fifth-generation fighter aircraft (FGFA), a top government official said on Friday. While the advanced medium combat aircraft (AMCA) is still on the drawing board, doubts over the multi-billion dollar programme to develop the stealth fighter with the Russians appears to have lent fresh urgency to the AMCA project. Only the US, Russia and China have such programmes. The first prototype could be built in 10 to 12 years if all goes according to the Aeronautical Development Agency’s plan, government sources said. “If the FGFA project doesn’t work out for some reason, the AMCA could be a good alternative. However, that would be a long term plan as production will begin only around 2035-37,” a senior Indian Air Force (IAF) officer said. A three-member government committee is all set to submit its report on the viability of the FGFA programme. The panel was set up 3 months ago. India plans to cooperate with foreign military contractors on the AMCA project but no decision has been taken so far. European and American firms have offered technical consultancy for the stealth fighter programme. Sources said India has also conveyed to Russia that the FGFA project should bring in technology that benefits the proposed Indian programme. The sources said ADA was in discussions with companies such as Dassault Aviation and Boeing for the project but it would be premature to comment on who the foreign collaborator could be. “It’s too early to even speculate about that as we have not even tested the AMCA airframe. That’s still around a year away. So all options are open,” the sources said. The IAF has 33 fighter squadrons compared to an optimum strength of 42. It is hoping to beef up its combat potential with the induction of the Tejas light combat aircraft, more Sukhoi-30s, Rafale jets, the FGFA and a medium-weight fighter that could be built in India in collaboration with a foreign vendor. more from india ‘Good Samaritan’ official, who tried to help domestic abuse colleague, under probe May 20, 2017 09:33 IST After India’s first womb transplant, 21 women register for surgery at Pune hosp May 20, 2017 09:08 IST Not a Drop to Waste- A Water Day Infographic Partnered Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper interactives Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs ‘Good Samaritan’ official, who tried to help domestic abuse colleague, under probe May 20, 2017 09:33 IST After India’s first womb transplant, 21 women register for surgery at Pune hosp May 20, 2017 09:08 IST Mathura jewellers’ killing: Six gangsters arrested after encounter with police May 20, 2017 09:00 IST EC to hold demonstration today to prove EVMs can’t be tampered with May 20, 2017 08:51 IST CISF bans phones, use of toilets for its jawans at airports May 20, 2017 08:13 IST Land of apple orchards, south Kashmir’s Kulgam and Shopian now hotbed of milita... May 20, 2017 09:15 IST Rs 246 cr spent on training scheme for Kashmiris, only 10% get jobs May 20, 2017 07:42 IST Amid tumult over Russia probe, Donald Trump leaves on his maiden foreign trip May 20, 2017 09:12 IST Collection bag used by Armstrong in Apollo 11 moon mission to be sold at auction May 20, 2017 08:59 IST Fired FBI chief Comey to testify publicly in Congress; New Russia leaks hit Tru... May 20, 2017 09:28 IST ‘Get your pig hands out of here’: Venezuelan prez to Trump after US sanctions May 20, 2017 08:39 IST US to announce $110 billion Saudi arms sale as Trump visits May 19, 2017 23:04 IST Slain Pakistani Sufi singer Amjad Sabri’s family seeks protection May 19, 2017 22:53 IST Trump’s Russia troubles dog him right up the start of first foreign trip May 20, 2017 08:39 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Brace for traffic snarls in Mumbai, Amar Mahal flyover repairs to take nine months, not four May 20, 2017 09:28 IST Mumbaiites, your restaurant bills are set to rise, GST to make eating out costl... May 20, 2017 09:15 IST Delhi: DDA demolishes shelter for homeless ‘without warning’, 100 people out in... May 20, 2017 00:34 IST Did Noida builder sell 40 flats to 80 people or was it a mistake? May 20, 2017 00:26 IST Rename Babar Road after Lieutenant Ummer Fayaz, demands Delhi BJP May 20, 2017 00:21 IST Uterus transplants will allow 2 women to conceive only once May 20, 2017 00:14 IST Uddhav Thackeray pushes Maharashtra’s BJP govt again on farm loans May 20, 2017 00:02 IST List steps to regularise unauthorised colonies, Delhi HC tells govt May 20, 2017 00:08 IST Campus Calling: Delhi University launches special drive to enrol African studen... May 19, 2017 23:58 IST analysis columns editorials authors Kulbhushan Jadhav verdict: UN Security Council may not push Pakistan to comply with ICJ’s order May 19, 2017 18:40 IST Narendra Modi must begin talks in Kashmir before it is too late May 20, 2017 07:40 IST Modi’s decision to generate 7,000 MW nuclear energy is a bold one May 19, 2017 16:35 IST Why is triple talaq more important than nikaah halala and polygamy? May 19, 2017 21:45 IST How ethical are womb transplants: do we need this? May 20, 2017 09:03 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa Novak Djokovic vs Juan Martin del Potro clash at Rome Masters halted by rain May 20, 2017 08:48 IST IPL: Karn Sharma’s best, Kolkata Knight Riders’ lowest knockout score and more May 20, 2017 01:31 IST Simona Halep to meet Kiki Bertens in Rome Masters semifinals May 20, 2017 00:53 IST German policewoman to become first female referee in Europe’s top-flight leagues May 20, 2017 00:32 IST Steve Smith’s mind sharper than MS Dhoni’s: RPS owner Sanjiv Goenka May 20, 2017 00:32 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Taking the world by Stormborm: 4 Game of Thrones theories you should read up before July May 20, 2017 08:23 IST Pyaar Ka Punchnama turns six: Kartik Aaryan did push-ups before his famous mono... May 20, 2017 09:23 IST Pyaar Ka Punchnama turns six: Divyendu recalls taking Bacardi shots between sce... May 20, 2017 07:29 IST Randeep Hooda: In today’s world, it’s better to have an opinion than to be spin... May 19, 2017 19:13 IST YouTube sensation Penn Masala will perform in Mumbai on May 20 May 20, 2017 08:45 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Cannes 2017: Aishwarya Rai channels her inner Cinderella in glorious blue gown May 20, 2017 07:51 IST Gene study sheds light on causes of childhood sight loss May 19, 2017 20:09 IST I lived for two weeks in a rainforest. Here’s what it was like May 19, 2017 21:20 IST YouTube sensation Penn Masala will perform in Mumbai on May 20 May 20, 2017 08:45 IST Cat adoptathon: Delhi cat lovers, you can’t miss this event! May 19, 2017 18:36 IST India’s FDI inflows at a record $60.1 billion in 2016-17 May 19, 2017 20:15 IST GST rates: Ola, Uber rides and movie-going to be cheaper | Check the list May 20, 2017 07:18 IST GST rates finalised for services; education, healthcare exempt, movie-going gets... May 19, 2017 17:46 IST SoftBank boss follows Trump to Saudi to launch $100 billion fund May 19, 2017 20:25 IST Oil prices rise on expectations of output cut extension May 19, 2017 17:09 IST OPEC panel looking at deepening, extending oil cuts, sources say May 19, 2017 17:03 IST Noor Jahan mango yield hit by bad climate in Madya Pradesh May 19, 2017 20:25 IST With new mini-apps, WeChat seeks even more China clicks May 19, 2017 14:46 IST Was Twitter down? Users complain trouble in tweeting, retweeting May 19, 2017 11:34 IST US regulator FCC to take initial vote to roll back Obama-era internet rules May 18, 2017 14:45 IST Android Go is Google’s push towards the next 2 billion smartphones May 19, 2017 14:46 IST Google’s vision for Android O: faster, more refined experience May 19, 2017 14:46 IST Google Assistant to feature on Apple’s iPhones May 18, 2017 09:49 IST Apple to starts initial production of iPhone SE in Bengaluru this month May 18, 2017 09:17 IST Punjab board Class-12 results: Border district students perform better May 20, 2017 08:52 IST NCERT Class 12 textbooks won’t describe 2002 Gujarat riots as ‘anti-Muslim’ May 20, 2017 07:35 IST Enrolment in UP govt schools declined by 18.6% in last 5 years: CAG report May 19, 2017 21:12 IST Haryana board (BSEH) Class 10 results will not be declared today May 20, 2017 08:36 IST Tripura board (TBSE) Class 12 science stream results on May 20 May 19, 2017 19:34 IST Deep within the Western Ghats, snapshots from a world without us May 19, 2017 22:57 IST Luxury trains in India get a makeover with Tejas Express May 19, 2017 16:45 IST A five-star animal hospital for your chihuahua in Delhi May 19, 2017 17:24 IST LGBT activists take over the streets of Bhopal May 18, 2017 17:39 IST The traditional gun manufacturers of Jammu May 18, 2017 13:34 IST AAP received hawala money, claims Kapil Mishra May 19, 2017 17:15 IST ICJ stays death sentence given to Kulbhushan Jadhav May 18, 2017 18:04 IST Supreme Court reserves verdict over Triple Talaq May 18, 2017 16:49 IST In a first, Kochi metro to employ transgenders May 18, 2017 14:15 IST Union Environment Minister Anil Dave passes away at 60 May 18, 2017 12:21 IST interactives longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
May 20, 2017 0658 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:193054 Publish Date: Fri, 19 May 2017 10:02:34 GMT Service: Iran Trump administration starts countdown on NAFTA talks The Trump administration set the clock ticking toward a mid-August start of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico to try to win better terms for US workers and manufacturers. With a letter to US lawmakers, US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said he triggered a 90-day consultation period with Congress, industries and the American public that would allow talks over one of the world's biggest trading blocs to begin by Aug. 16, reported Reuters. Renegotiation of NAFTA was a key campaign promise of US President Donald Trump, who frequently called the 23-year-old trade pact a 'disaster' that has drained US factories and well-paid manufacturing jobs to Mexico. Trump has pledged to use the NAFTA talks to shrink goods trade deficits that stood at $63 billion with Mexico and $11 billion with Canada last year, according to US Census Bureau data. Lighthizer told reporters NAFTA has been successful for US agriculture, investment services and the energy sector, but not for manufacturing. He added that he hopes to complete negotiations by the end of 2017. "As a starting point for negotiations, we should build on what has worked in NAFTA and change and improve what has not," Lighthizer said in a conference call with reporters. "If renegotiations result in a fairer deal for American workers there is value in making the transition to a modernized NAFTA as seamless as possible." In his letter to congressional leaders, Lighthizer said NAFTA needs modernization for provisions on digital trade, intellectual property rights, labor and environmental standards, regulatory practices, rules for state-owned enterprises and food safety standards. The Obama administration attempted to address many of these deficiencies in the 2015 Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which included Canada and Mexico, but Trump pulled out of TPP in one of his first official acts as president. Canada and Mexico both welcomed the US move to launch a NAFTA revamp. Mexican Foreign Minister Luis Videgaray, speaking at a news conference with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson in Washington, said the trade pact needed updating after nearly 25 years. "The world has changed, we've learned a lot and we can make it better," he said. Canadian Foreign Minister Chrystia Freeland said Canada was "steadfastly committed to free trade in the North American region," noting that nine million US jobs depend on trade and investment with Canada. US Chamber of Commerce president Thomas Donohue urged US officials to 'do no harm' to businesses that depend on trade with Canada and Mexico and to move quickly on a new trilateral deal. As the administration took its first formal step toward NAFTA renegotiations, the US Commerce Department launched an investigation on Thursday into Boeing Co's (BA.N) anti-dumping claims against Canadian rival Bombardier's (BBDb.TO) new CSeries jetliners, drawing a threat from Canada to review a deal to buy Boeing fighter jets. Lighthizer's letter is less detailed than a draft sent to lawmakers in March, which listed as objectives tax equality and the ability to reimpose tariffs if Mexican and Canadian imports pose a serious injury threat to US industry. Trump late in April had considered a full withdrawal from NAFTA, but was persuaded by senior officials in his administration to pursue negotiations instead. Lighthizer said he did not think a new threat to withdraw from NAFTA would be necessary.     KeyWords administration Trump talks   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Over 20 million Iranians cast votes so far: Interior Ministry Senior cleric calls for amity to replace competition following Iran elections Iran's democratic process mutually respectful, informative: Analyst Iranians vote in ‘important’ presidential election US extends sanctions relief under Iran nuclear deal Senior Iranian official tenders resignation ahead of presidential election France's new gov't committed to nuclear deal Iran-Pakistan to hold 2nd round of FTA talks in July Presidential candidates’ campaign period ends Iran won't accept UN docs that go against its values, beliefs: Qassemi Most Visited US finalizing $300bn weapons sale to Saudi Arabia, official says Billionaire Zionist Adelson furious at Tillerson over Israel: Report African American family kicked off JetBlue flight over birthday cake www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 1/7958 sec
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS 45th Space Wing enables nation's space mission by the Secretary of the Air Force Public Affairs Washington DC (AFNS) May 19, 2017 The Delta 4 Heavy launcher at work. Space launches may soon be an almost weekly sight on Florida's Space Coast. As the need for space lift grows globally, partnerships between the Air Force, other government agencies and the commercial space industry are enhancing the 45th Space Wing's vision of remaining the world's premier gateway to space. With a mission of delivering assured space launch, range and combat capabilities for the nation, the space wing and its Eastern Range assets provide a vast network of radar, telemetry and communications instruments to facilitate the safe launch of all Department of Defense National Security Space, NASA, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and commercial operations. According to Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, the 45th SW commander, the wing is developing plans to enable a launch a week to meet the growing demand of national, civil and commercial organizations to put capabilities on orbit. Today, the wing is on track to launch 30 times this year and has no plans of slowing down. One key initiative in reducing the time between launches is the implementation of the Autonomous Flight Safety System. The system enables the 45th SW to support more launches by expediting range turnaround times with more stringent safety standards, all while cutting launch costs. However, increasing launch capacity is only one of many achievements at the 45 SW. Over the past several years, the wing partnered with the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office and NASA to activate a new recovery site for the unmanned, reusable X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle. This partnership, along with the program's renovations to the former Space Shuttle Orbiter Processing Facilities, allowed the OTV to land at the Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility on May 7, 2017 after a record-breaking 718 days on orbit. "The Air Force provides space capabilities to protect the country. Increasingly, the American people and commerce depend on Air Force satellites for GPS navigation, timing signals for banking and ATM machines, and communications," said Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson, "The Air Force will continue to work with partners to drive innovation." The Air Force's partnership with NASA is not a one-way street. Col. Jack D. Fischer's arrival on the International Space Station in April showcased not only the Air Force's accomplishments in space, but also its partnership with NASA. During his four-month long stay, Fischer is assigned to Expedition 51, a multi-national team tasked with conducting more than 250 biological, biotechnology, physical and Earth-science experiments, gathering information that may one day lead to a mission to Mars. In March, the wing launched the ninth Boeing-built Wideband Global SATCOM satellite from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. WGS satellites play an integral part in the strategic and tactical coordination of military operations. This satellite will provide the United States and six allied nations with increased communications capabilities to prevent, protect against and respond to attacks. The WGS-9 satellite was funded through an agreement between the United States, Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Australia. Each partner country gains access to the capabilities provided by the full WGS system, which includes flexible and secure communication transmissions in the X- and Ka-band frequencies. "The men and women of the 45th Space Wing and Air Force Space Command epitomize American ingenuity and innovation," said Under Secretary of the Air Force Lisa Disbrow. "Through them, we are delivering safe, reliable, effective, and efficient space launch for our nation and this excellent Air Force team is key to our ability to meet rapidly growing demands for launch services." Air Force space operations have been instrumental in national security power projection in five key space mission areas - support, application, control, enhancement and situational awareness. Through these accomplishments, the 45th SW and the Air Force continue to protect and defend America's advantage in the space warfighting domain. "Since 1954, Air Force leaders and space warriors have been at the cutting edge of technology. From Bennie Schriever, who we acknowledge as the pioneer of military space, through larger than life heroes like Kevin Chilton and Bob Kehler and Susan Helms and now John Hyten and Jay Raymond ... we have consistently broken barriers in space technology. We have and will own the high ground," said Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. David Goldfein. On May 17, 2017, Wilson and Goldfein were accompanied by Gen. John Raymond, the AFSPC commander and Space and Lt. Gen. Samuel Greaves, the Missile Systems Center commander when they testified before Congress on the future of the U.S. space policy and posture. Tweet US Hypersonic Aircraft Will Not Catch Russia Flat-Footed Moscow (Sputnik) May 18, 2017 Speedy as they are, moving at about 6 kilometers a second (3.7 miles a second), the US hypersonic aircraft are still not fast enough to avoid the eagle eyes of Russia's missile attack warning system. The all-new Voronezh-class radar stations are able to spot and track America's hypersonic aircraft designed to bypass Russia's missile warning system. Until very recently the trajectories of t ... read more Related Links US Air Force Military Space News at SpaceWar.com Thanks for being here; We need your help. The SpaceDaily news network continues to grow but revenues have never been harder to maintain. With the rise of Ad Blockers, and Facebook - our traditional revenue sources via quality network advertising continues to decline. And unlike so many other news sites, we don't have a paywall - with those annoying usernames and passwords. Our news coverage takes time and effort to publish 365 days a year. If you find our news sites informative and useful then please consider becoming a regular supporter or for now make a one off contribution. SpaceDaily Contributor $5 Billed Once credit card or paypal SpaceDaily Monthly Supporter $5 Billed Monthly paypal only Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Older Americans warm to new technology: survey Six-legged livestock - sustainable food production External commercial ISS platform starts second mission NASA Receives Proposals for Future Solar System Mission Sky Skimmer: Rocket Lab Sets Date for Lightweight Spacecraft Test Launch ISRO to Launch GSLV Mark III, Its Heaviest Rocket Soon Washington Still Has No Engine to Replace Russian-Made RD-180 SpaceX launches Inmarsat communications satellite Opportunity Reaches 'Perseverance Valley' Ancient Mars impacts created tornado-like winds that scoured surface Seasonal Flows in Valles Marineris NASA Rover Curiosity Samples Active Linear Dune on Mars A cabin on the moon? China hones the lunar lifestyle China tests 'Lunar Palace' as it eyes moon mission China to conduct several manned space flights around 2020 Reach for the Stars: China Plans to Ramp Up Space Flight Activity Allied Minds' portfolio company BridgeSat raises $6 million in Series A financing AIA report outlines policies needed to boost the US Space Industry competitiveness Blue Sky Network Targets Key Markets For Iridium SATCOM Solutions How Outsourcing Your Satellite Related Services Saves You Time and Money HP Enterprise unveils computer 'for era of Big Data' "Airbus Friedrichshafen: new satellite hub lays groundwork for the future" Entropy landscape sheds light on quantum mystery 'Hot' electrons don't mind the gap New study sheds light on origins of life on Earth through molecular function Metabolism, not RNA, jump-started life's molecular beginnings Primitive Atmosphere Found Around 'Warm Neptune' Oldest evidence of life on land found in 3.48-billion-year-old Australian rocks Waves of lava seen in Io's largest volcanic crater Not So Great Anymore: Jupiter's Red Spot Shrinks to Smallest Size Ever The PI's Perspective: No Sleeping Back on Earth! ALMA investigates 'DeeDee,' a distant, dim member of our solar system Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. All articles labeled "by Staff Writers" include reports supplied to Space Media Network by industry news wires, PR agencies, corporate press officers and the like. Such articles are individually curated and edited by Space Media Network staff on the basis of the report's information value to our industry and professional readership. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Saturday 20 May 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Analysis, Interviews, Opinions   » INTERVIEW Ben Griffin Inmarsat: Connecting you in the air MANAMA, 1 days ago By Sree Bhat A growing number of airlines are selecting the high speed broadband services (GX Aviation) provided by Inmarsat, a leading provider of global mobile satellite communications services , for providing inflight connectivity. Inmarsat and Qatar Airways recently announced plans to install GX Aviation inflight broadband solution across Qatar Airways’ flagship fleet. GX Aviation is the world’s first inflight connectivity solution with reliable, seamless high-speed global coverage provided through a single operator, Inmarsat says. Inmarsat has built a team of experts from various fields, that have come together to deliver pertinent solutions to the aviation market. “We are now seeing a growing degree of proliferation of airlines selecting Inmarsat’s high speed broadband services. IFC can be a clear service differentiator for an airline, often making the difference between ticket sales, or not,” says Ben Griffin, regional vice president MEA Aviation, Inmarsat, in an interview with TradeArabia. “Whether we like it or not, the connected revolution is well under way and generations to come demand the basic right to be connected regardless of being on the land, sea or in the air,” he says. Excerpts from the interview: Inmarsat is making huge strides in aviation communication. Please provide an overview of the latest developments in this sector and Inmarsat's innovative solutions? Inmarsat has long been involved in aviation connectivity; predominantly with the cockpit communications for safety applications, but more so now with the explosion of interest and demand for passenger connectivity. To address this, Inmarsat took the decision to invest nearly $2 billion in 2010 and has made significant further investments since then, in order to provide a broadband service capable of providing the levels of bandwidth and performance for tomorrow’s passengers. The philosophy was to start with a global coverage pattern, which has been achieved with its initial constellation of three GX/Ka band satellites. This is being complemented with additional satellite coverage (most recently the launch of our 4th satellite for this constellation on May 15) where it is required to meet the needs of high density capacity requirements. Aside from providing a network that provides bandwidth and uninterrupted coverage for airline routes, Inmarsat has built a team of experts from various fields, that have come together to deliver pertinent solutions to the aviation market. Whether these are ISP functions or value added services, we are developing all sorts of services, solutions and applications that are in high demand from airlines and their passengers. The main objective here is to provide a quality service to passengers at a price point that allows maximum flexibility to airlines to develop the service in whichever way suits their particular brand or philosophy. This represents a significant deviation from the way in which IFC is being offered today by many of the alternative IFC providers, who operate a far more rigid model. How are these developments being accepted and implemented by the global airlines? We have done a great job in getting the market ready for the implementation of these services; it has taken years and we have developed very good existing relationships that, to some degree, we have nurtured from our legacy business. Inmarsat is regarded as a quality provider of robust network services; a high enough quality to meet stringent Air Traffic Control standards worldwide. There are very few airlines in the world who aren’t looking at IFC in some way or form and building from our strong legacy position, the Inmarsat proposition is compelling due to the reputation of quality, reliability and long standing in the market. We are now seeing a growing degree of proliferation of airlines selecting Inmarsat’s high speed broadband services (GX aviation) - Qatar Airways, IAG, Lufthansa Group, Singapore Airlines, Air New Zealand, Norwegian Air Shuttle to name a few – with many more to be announced throughout the rest of 2017 and beyond. GCC has some of the world's biggest airlines. How are they implementing these latest broadband technologies for the benefit of passengers? The GCC airlines mostly already have some degree of IFC and have been early adopters of these services for their passengers. It fits well with their profile to offer the very best in passenger services, which was certainly the main driver behind Qatar Airways’ selection of Inmarsat GX for their B777/A350 fleet. It is difficult, however, to embody these changes in aircraft already operating for the airlines. In order to make the fairly significant retrofit changes both inside and outside of the fuselage, it requires taking the aircraft out of revenue service for a few days. This is typically done coincidentally with the airline’s heavy maintenance schedule to mitigate special grounding, but on some occasions these retrofits are of great enough priority to make special groundings. What we are seeing among the GCC airlines with significant new aircraft coming from Boeing and Airbus, is very smart planning ahead. The Inmarsat technology is available line-fit (fit by the manufacturers as part of the aircraft assembly) which means that when these aircraft enter service with the airline they already have the equipment installed – which makes life considerable easier. The passenger is at the forefront of all of this – the forward thinking of the airlines, along with Inmarsat, to be able to forecast passenger trends and needs is quite amazing. IFC can be a clear service differentiator for an airline, often making the difference between ticket sales, or not. Anticipating the needs of the passenger to connect their devices and what it is they want to do in flight for the coming years is not an easy task – but with Inmarsat the airlines can be confident they are getting a scalable platform that will not lock them out of future upgrades and capabilities. It’s not all about ‘just’ passenger Wifi, of course. With decent, reliable connectivity the crews can cater for passenger needs far better in terms of CRM and a whole host of other services. Qatar Airways recently announced introduction of high-speed broadband in partnership with Inmarsat (GX Aviation). Please tell us more about this partnership. Qatar Airways and Inmarsat have been working together since the inception of the airline – Qatar Airways uses Inmarsat’s satellite technology for safety services on all of its wide-body aircraft and already operates cabin connectivity using Inmarsat’s SwiftBroadband service on many of its aircraft. From our close working relationship, Qatar Airways identified a need to enhance the passenger connectivity in a way that existing providers simply couldn’t meet, QR has installed various connectivity solutions on its aircraft previously. An airline such as Qatar Airways has very strong insistence on 5 star service and prides itself on putting passengers at the focus of everything they do – so the Inmarsat GX aviation technology with assured levels of performance was the perfect fit. We worked together for many months to define the requirements and expectations and we are now pleased to have their commitment on the B777 and A350 fleet, initially. This is significant as it underlines Qatar Airways trust in Inmarsat to deliver a service in line with their very high levels of service and delivery – something Inmarsat has always taken great pride in. Any other major deals in the offing in the region? Yes. But none that can be disclosed at this point. With cost factor being a restricting element in the take up of the services by passengers, how are you encouraging the airlines to make it more cost-effective to passengers? It is not simply the cost that may turn passengers off, it is also the mechanism of payment that has proved difficult. Credit card transactions on aircraft are frequently cumbersome and prove a significant barrier to increasing uptake. Inmarsat has been working on, and is making available, multiple ways of authentication to overcome these hurdles. This means passengers can use multiple ways of getting online without traditional payment methods – much more aligned to the ways in which we connect and authenticate on the ground. Simplifying the ‘login’ pages and processes is key to getting higher uptake. Of course, cost is of concern and there are multiple models that are available to tackle this – but these are fairly sensitive and do vary airline by airline, depending again on their philosophy and on how they wish to offer service to passengers in different classes of travel. What we can confidently say is that the cost of data is reducing and Inmarsat’s GX represents extremely high value in terms of providing the highest quality, assured service levels with keen pricing. The low-cost airlines are another big market for these services. How do you see them taking up the products you offer? The LCC community are looking at this and implementing it. As above, the models do require tweaking as they are typically less brand sensitive and, therefore, open to alternative models that may incorporate third party involvement. Other than passengers using the service, what are the key areas in which your solutions can be used by airlines to increase efficiency and safety? Passengers are indeed one of the main stakeholders of this service. Cabin crew are another – offering a stable connection allows significant improvement in many aspects of crew performance – not only in CRM (customer care, changing gate information, connecting flights etc) but perhaps more importantly with telemedicine applications where crew can connect to healthcare experts on the ground and access real-time video diagnosis and support in cases of in- flight sickness where the airline may otherwise elect to divert the aircraft, saving very significant sums of money. Connecting the aircraft to the airline network enables the most valuable assets (the aircraft and crew) to always be connected to monitor all manner of elements. For technical and operational staff, connected peripherals such as engine data, airframe health, fuel levels etc can lead to efficiencies that, frankly, the industry has not yet properly explored. Once again, Inmarsat is conducting significant research to see how this can be realised both in terms of cost savings and service enhancements What is your vision for the next five years? The vision for the next five years is to get the region’s airlines connected – to provide the choice for passengers if they want to connect, or not. To allow passengers to connect reliably to a service that doesn’t cut in or cut out – to provide an experience that passengers don’t see a need to complain about, to have airline partners who want to do more. Whether we like it or not, the connected revolution is well under way and generations to come demand the basic right to be connected regardless of being on the land, sea or in the air. I would like to see the region’s airlines taking Inmarsat’s services – but for now I will be pleased to watch Qatar Airways rolling out a connectivity service that is the envy of the world. - TradeArabia News Service   Tags: Qatar Airways | Inmarsat | Connectivity | More Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Stories Is your ERP system Industry 4.0 compatible? Millennial travellers are 're-writing tourism landscape' Wanna mitigate ransomware without tears? Brent to average $54 in 2017: report Global oil discoveries fell to historic lows in 2016 Oil demand growth underwhelming this year Cyberattacks on govt sector doubled in 2016 Defining the future of travel through intelligence Oil longs lose faith, China worries hit metals Private sector must become Mena engine of growth: Expert R&D in steel: Enabling a digital advantage Blockchain: Do the numbers add up? Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Search Saturday, May 20, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets Examining McMaster's defense by | May 17, 2017, 7:04 AM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn McMASTER TO THE DEFENSE: The member of President Trump’s White House with arguably the highest credibility, Lt. Gen. H.R. McMaster, was sent out to explain the president’s sharing of intelligence with Russian diplomats, and for a few hours it appeared McMaster may have successfully made the case that the president’s actions were “wholly appropriate.” It seemed like some of the air was going out of the latest bombshell report. Then the Comey memo dropped. But one crisis at a time. Here’s a quick review of what McMaster said yesterday, which he probably should have said the night before. The denial stands: McMaster stood by his Monday night statement that the Washington Post story was “false” but explained it was the the premise of the story — that Trump compromised sources and methods — that was inaccurate, not the fact that the president chose to share information about terrorist threats to civil aviation. “What I'm saying is really the premise of that article is false, that in any way the president had a conversation that was inappropriate or that resulted in any kind of lapse in national security.” The president did nothing wrong: “In the context that discussion, what the president discussed with the foreign minister was wholly appropriate to that conversation and is consistent with the routine sharing of information between the president and any leaders with whom he's engaged.” McMaster added none of Trump’s team thought there was any problem at the time. “None of us felt in any way that that conversation was inappropriate.” The president did not disclose any sources of methods: McMaster said it was not possible for the president to disclose the source of the intelligence, because he wasn’t told the source. “The president wasn't even aware, you know, where this information came from,” McMaster said. “He wasn't briefed on the source or method of the information.” Before you conclude this was because the president wasn’t reading his intel briefs, it should be pointed out that briefing papers provided to top officials routinely do not includes sources. The president was speaking off-the-cuff: “He made the decision in the context of the conversation,” McMaster said. “The president was emphasizing, ‘Hey, we have some common interests here. We have to work together in some critical areas.’" The leak is the real problem: The fact that what the president says in a private meeting with foreign leaders is public knowledge a few day later does jeopardize national security and erodes the president’s confidence in the intelligence community. “I think national security is put at risk by this leak and by leaks like this,” McMaster said. “I think it's important to investigate these sort of things and to make sure that we have trusted organizations across our government that allows for the free sharing of information and collaboration.” Other countries can still rely on the U.S. to keep secrets: Asked if countries might stop sharing sensitive intelligence with the U.S., McMaster replied “No, I'm not concerned at all.” Israel, which was reported to be the source of the information Trump shared with the Russians has said it has “full confidence” in its intelligence-sharing relationship with U.S. And Defense Secretary Jim Mattis, speaking to reporters yesterday on the steps of the Pentagon, said he is "not worried" about any backlash. Mattis noted he had discussions yesterday with three allies, including two NATO nations, and said the question "never even came up." OBSTRUCTION OF JUSTICE: Just a few hours later, the White House was rocked by the revelation that fired FBI Director James Comey was keeping notes about potentially questionable exchanges with the president. The contents of Comey’s CYA memo to himself was leaked to the New York Times, which said it showed Trump urged Comey to drop the investigation of his national security adviser, Mike Flynn, who Trump had just fired for misleading the vice president. “I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go,” Trump reportedly told Comey after pulling him aside for a private conversation. “He is a good guy. I hope you can let this go.” The potential that the president might have tried to shut down an FBI probe of his close friend reignited the firestorm, and resulted in calls in Congress for Comey to testify, and for his notes to be turned over to congressional investigators. The Republican chairman of the House Oversight Committee, Rep. Jason Chaffetz, demanded that the FBI turn over all “memoranda, notes, summaries and recordings” of discussions between Trump and Comey. THE ‘I’ WORD: So far members of Congress have been reticent to talk about impeachment, especially when so much is unknown and media reports are based largely on anonymous sources. But Independent Sen. Angus King said yesterday it now must be considered. "I say it with sadness and reluctance," King told CNN. "This is not something I advocated for and the word has not passed my lips in this tumultuous three, four months." And last night Sen. John McCain, never in Trump’s fan club, said allegations against the president Trump have reached a "Watergate size and scale." LOCK THEM UP: The Times report shows the president continues to see leaks about questionable conduct to be a bigger problem than the underlying conduct itself, and would like to see some journalists go to jail, not just the government officials who leak to them. From the Times story: “Alone in the Oval Office, Mr. Trump began the discussion by condemning leaks to the news media, saying that Mr. Comey should consider putting reporters in prison for publishing classified information, according to one of Mr. Comey’s associates.” REINFORCEMENTS TO THE WHITE HOUSE: The embattled White House communications team, which has been struggling under the almost daily assaults of fresh crises, will be getting some help from an old hand at the Pentagon. Tara Rigler, deputy director of press operations at the Pentagon is being deployed across. She will be replaced at the Pentagon by Mark Wright, who has just recently left the Pentagon Press Office for the Missile Defense Agency. Good Wednesday morning and welcome to Jamie McIntyre’s Daily on Defense, compiled by Washington Examiner National Security Senior Writer Jamie McIntyre (@jamiejmcintyre), National Security Writer Travis J. Tritten (@travis_tritten) and Senior Editor David Brown (@dave_brown24). Email us here for tips, suggestions, calendar items and anything else. If a friend sent this to you and you’d like to sign up, click here. If signing up doesn’t work, shoot us an email and we’ll add you to our list. And be sure to follow us on Twitter @dailyondefense. HAPPENING TODAY: Less than 24 hours after she was sworn in on the steps of the Pentagon’s River entrance, newly installed Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson has a command performance on Capitol Hill. Wilson is scheduled to testify before the Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Strategic Forces this afternoon alongside Air Force Chief Gen. David Goldfein and two other generals to discuss military space organization, policy and programs. Mattis administered the oath of office to Wilson under bright sunny skies, and with the strains of a military band. Mattis praised Wilson, a former New Mexico congresswoman, who is only the second appointee nominated by Trump to win Senate confirmation. "I need your ideas,” Mattis said during the at-times emotional ceremony. "If we wanted to do one thing to Webster's unabridged dictionary to define a patriot, with no words we could put up Heather Wilson's picture right next to the word and we would explain what a patriot truly is," Mattis said. HAPPENING FRIDAY: The Pentagon has tentatively scheduled the counter-ISIS progress report, promised by the president, for Friday at 1:30 p.m. The genesis of the briefing, according to sources, was an upbeat assessment Mattis gave Trump on how the war is going that prompted the president to decide the American public should hear the same thing. Pentagon officials said the briefing Friday will not be a rollout of any new anti-ISIS strategy, but rather more of a standard operational update that will be familiar to anyone who has been paying attention to what’s happening in Iraq and Syria. Mattis will be the headliner, but he will be joined by Joint Chiefs Chairman Gen. Joseph Dunford, and a familiar name from the Obama administration Brett McGurk, who continues to serve as a special presidential envoy for the Global Coalition to Counter ISIS at the State Department. ALL SMILES, BUT DIFFERENCES REMAIN: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan told Trump yesterday that the United States' decision to back Syrian Kurds in the fight against the Islamic State in Syria "will never be accepted," during a joint press conference in which the two leaders otherwise lavished praise on each other.   Trump made no mention of Erdogan's complaints, and instead pledged continued cooperation with the NATO ally. "We support Turkey in the ... fight against … terror groups like ISIS and the PKK, and ensure they have no safe quarter, the terror groups," Trump said. "We're going to have a lot of great success over the next coming years. And we want to get as many to help fight terrorism as possible, and that's one of the beautiful things that's happening with Turkey. … The relationship that we have together will be unbeatable." MINOR CARRIER DELAY: The USS Ronald Reagan steamed out of port in Japan on Tuesday following a short delay related to a repair issue. After a long maintenance hiatus, the carrier was on its way to eventually relieve the Carl Vinson strike group, which was mustered to the region in April amid growing concern over North Korea missile tests. The movements of the Vinson caused a minor scandal for the Trump administration after it failed to shoot down a public perception that the carrier, two destroyers and a cruiser were off the coast of North Korea when they were in fact thousands of miles away. After a patrol and joint exercises in the western Pacific, Vinson is scheduled to return to San Diego in June. WHAT DEFENSE BUILDUP? Those looking for a boost to shipbuilding and fighter jet procurement in Trump’s upcoming defense budget might be disappointed, according to Bloomberg. Officials told the news service it will include just one additional ship — a Navy destroyer — and no more aircraft than what was projected under the Obama administration. That means 70 Lockheed Martin F-35 joint strike fighters and 14 Boeing F/A-18 Super Hornets. The White House is expected to release its full 2018 budget plan on Tuesday. CHELSEA MANNING FREE: The Army private formerly known as Bradley Manning — convicted in 2013 of violation of the Espionage Act, theft and computer fraud for providing hundreds of thousands of classified documents to WikiLeaks — gets out of prison today. Manning, who transitioned while behind bars to Chelsea Manning, was granted clemency by President Obama in his final days in office. When the transgender soldier is released today from the U.S. military prison at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas sometime today, she will have served seven years of her 35-year sentence. RUSSIAN USES FOR U.S. NEWSPAPER: The spokeswoman for the Russian Foreign Ministry had some choice words for the U.S. news outlets reporting that Trump provided classified intelligence to two of its officials last week. “Guys, have you been reading American papers again? Don't read them," Maria Zakharova wrote on Facebook on Tuesday. "They can be used for different things but not for reading.” Despite Zakharova’s mistaken impression that much of the U.S. news is still printed, her social media musings seemed to get an official stamp of approval when they were tweeted out by the Russian embassy. She also mocked complaints that Russian state media was allowed into Trump’s meeting with the Russian ambassador and foreign minister but U.S. press was barred. "The plan was also to dress it up with 'top secret' photos from the meeting, which would make another fake news look valid and reliable," Zakharova wrote. "But we ruined this part of the media campaign by publishing the photos in line with the professional ethics standards." SCHUMER’S FLOOR SPEECH: After the New York Times report alleging Trump urged Comey to drop the investigation of Flynn, Minority Leader Sen. Chuck Schumer gave the following short speech on the Senate floor: “Mr. President, in a week full of revelation after revelation, on a day when we thought things couldn't get any worse, they have. I was shaken by the report in the New York Times that alleged that the president tried to shut down an active FBI investigation into a close political associate. And we are only one day removed from stunning allegations that the president may have divulged classified information to a known adversary. Concerns about our national security, the rule of law, the independence of our nation's highest law enforcement agencies are mounting. The country is being tested in unprecedented ways. I say to all of my colleagues in the Senate: history is watching.” THE RUNDOWN Politico: Ex-acting CIA chief: Foreign countries may 'pause' sharing intel with us The Daily Beast: McMaster does his best Sean Spicer impression Wall Street Journal: U.S. hacker linked to fake Macron documents, says cybersecurity firm USNI News: Defense Minister: Japan Considering Purchasing Aegis Ashore Following North Korean ICBM Test New York Times: Focus turns to North Korea sleeper cells as possible culprits in cyberattack Defense One: U.S. forces aren’t working with Russians against ISIS, SOCOM chief says Reuters: Expansion of ban on larger electronics on airlines likely: U.S. Foreign Policy: When Will Trump’s ‘Mad Dog’ Get Put Down? USA Today: Iraqi official: ISIS 'on brink of defeat' Marine Corps Times: New Marine artillery unit arrives in Syria ahead of Raqqa offensive AP: Syria denies U.S. allegations of mass killings as 'new Hollywood plot' Defense News: 'Performance enhancing drugs' considered for Special Operations soldiers Military.com: The graying of a fleet: 'Tired iron' needs total force boost Calendar WEDNESDAY | MAY 17 8 a.m. 300 1st St. SE. A discussion with Gen. Robin Rand, commander of Air Force Global Strike Command, on nuclear deterrent modernization. mitchellaerospacepower.org 10 a.m. Rayburn 2118. Setting the path for streamlining and improving defense acquisition. armedservices.house.gov 10 a.m. Dirksen 342. Business meeting. hsgac.senate.gov 10 a.m. 1211 Connecticut Ave. NW. Is strategic competition in Southern Asia an arms race or modernization? stimson.org 10:30 a.m. 1300 Pennsylvania Ave. NW. Drivers of insecurity and instability in the Middle East and South Asia. wilsoncenter.org 11 a.m. 214 Massachusetts Ave. NE. The rise of America’s special operations forces with scholar and author Mark Moyar. heritage.org 1 p.m. 1152 15th St. NW. How the Defense Department can evolve and adapt the force for an uncertain future. cnas.org 2 p.m. Russell 222. Military space organization, policy and programs with testimony from Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson and Gen. David Goldfein, Air Force chief of staff. armed-services.senate.gov 2 p.m. Rayburn 2247. Combating homegrown terrorism. oversight.house.gov 2 p.m. Rayburn 2200. Threats to peace and stability in the Balkans with Hoyt Brian Yee, deputy assistant secretary of state. foreignaffairs.house.gov 2 p.m. Dirksen 419. Nomination of Scott Brown to be ambassador to New Zealand. foreign.senate.gov 3:30 p.m. Rayburn 2118. Four service personnel chiefs testify on the military’s personnel posture for fiscal 2018. armedservices.house.gov 3:30 p.m. Russell 232-A. Retired Lt. Gen. John Bednarek and retired Maj. Gen. Robert Scales testify on military small arms requirements. armed-services.senate.gov THURSDAY | MAY 18 9 a.m. 1616 Rhode Island Ave. NW. The Marshall Plan at 70 with H.E. Sigmar Gabriel, Germany’s federal minister for foreign affairs. csis.org 9:30 a.m. Dirksen G50. Defense Department nominations for principal deputy under secretary for intelligence; assistant secretary for international security affairs; assistant secretary for homeland defense and global security; and Army general counsel. armed-services.senate.gov 9:30 a.m. Dirksen 419. Nomination of William Francis Hagerty IV to be ambassador to Japan. foreign.senate.gov 10:30 a.m. 1667 K St. NW. Katherine Blakeley previews the Trump administration’s fiscal 2018 budget request. csbaonline.org 2 p.m. Rayburn 2212. Defense analyst Jesse Sloman on amphibious warfare in a contested environment. armedservices.house.gov 2 p.m. House Capitol Visitors Center 210. Critical canine contributions to the Department of Homeland Security mission. homeland.house.gov 2:30 p.m. Dirksen 419. Strengthening democracy and countering malign foreign influence in the Balkans with Hoyt Brian Yee, deputy assistant secretary of state. foreign.senate.gov 6:30 p.m. 1250 South Hayes St. Rep. Mac Thornberry, chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, receives the Dwight D. Eisenhower Award. ndia.org FRIDAY | MAY 19 8 a.m. 300 1st St. SE. Maj. Gen. Michael Fortney, vice commander of Air Force Global Strike Command, discusses strategic deterrence. mitchellaerospacepower.org 9 a.m. Rayburn 2118. Fiscal Year 2018 priorities and posture of the national security space enterprise. armedservices.house.gov 10 a.m. 1616 Rhode Island Ave. NW. Defense innovation in a change-resistant ecosystem. csis.org 12 p.m. 214 Massachusetts Ave. NE. Paul A. Rahe, an historian of political philosophy, examines how ancient Sparta stood firm against a great empire. heritage.org 1 p.m. 1616 Rhode Island Ave. NW. Why should the United States care about Ukraine? csis.org MONDAY | MAY 22 11 a.m. 1775 Massachusetts Avenue N.W. Rep. Mac Thornberry on military readiness, modernization, and innovation. brookings.edu TUESDAY | MAY 23 9 a.m. 1616 Rhode Island Ave. NW. A full day conference on civil-military relations in policy, politics and public with retired Adm. Mike Mullen, former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. csis.org 9:30 a.m. Dirksen G-50. Worldwide threats with Dan Coats, director of national intelligence, and Lt. Gen. Vincent Stewart, director of the Defense Intelligence Agency. armed-services.senate.gov 11:30 a.m. 800 16th St. NW. A dialogue with Canadian Defense Minister Harjit Sajjan. cabc.co 2:30 p.m. Senate Visitors Center 217. Closed hearing on Navy readiness challenges, emerging threats, and the 355-ship force objective. armed-services.senate.gov 4:30 p.m. 1616 Rhode Island Ave. NW. Debate on the modernization of nuclear missiles with retired Gen. C. Robert Kehler, former head of U.S. Strategic Command. csis.org WEDNESDAY | MAY 24 1800 Jefferson Davis Hwy. Breakfast keynote by Vice Adm. Terry Benedict, director of the Navy’s Strategic Systems Programs. navyleague.org 9:30 a.m. Russell 232-A. Industry perspectives from Brian Cuccias of Huntington Ingalls, John Casey of General Dynamics, and Matthew Paxton, president of the Shipbuilders Council Of America, on options and considerations for achieving a 355-ship Navy. armed-services.senate.gov 10 a.m. House 140. Testimony from Gen. Joseph Lengyel, commander of the National Guard Bureau, and the chiefs of the reserve military forces. appropriations.house.gov 10 a.m. 1616 Rhode Island Ave. NW. The Russian military of 2035. csis.org 11 a.m. 1211 Connecticut Ave. NW. Examining the strategic implications of Trump’s first budget. stimson.org 12 p.m. 214 Massachusetts Ave. NE. The threats and challenges of the South Caucasus region for the Trump administration. heritage.org 2 p.m. Hart 216. The Kremlin's gas games in Europe and the implications for policy makers, with Sen. Jeanne Shaheen. atlanticcouncil.org 2:30 p.m. Dirksen G-50. Department of Energy atomic defense activities and programs. armed-services.senate.gov Daily on Defense National Security Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 4 hours ago Rep. Ted Lieu: 'We no longer just have smoke, we have a raging 10-alarm fire' 6 hours ago Anderson Cooper to Jeffrey Lord: You'd defend Trump if he 'took a dump on his desk' 9 hours ago Appeals court says FAA cannot force drone owners to register with government 9 hours ago Trump wants two top Obama military appointees to remain on Joint Chiefs 10 hours ago Why Trump must make a surprise visit to Iraq on his first foreign trip 10 hours ago Notre Dame students hurt themselves with Mike Pence walkout 10 hours ago Latest Washington Post scoop pretty thin on reported details 11 hours ago Unemployment hits 17-year low in Walker's Wisconsin 11 hours ago Report: Trump wants to end Obamacare subsidies 11 hours ago Byron York: Harvard study: CNN, NBC Trump coverage 93 percent negative 13 hours ago US, Saudi Arabia issue joint terrorist designation 14 hours ago 'Don't make me look too damn good': Pentagon unveils Chuck Hagel's official portrait 14 hours ago Camille Paglia: Hillary Clinton 'is a completely hollow woman' 14 hours ago 44 percent of Americans couldn't cover an unexpected $400 expense 15 hours ago Former Clinton adviser shares video of Clinton practicing how to dodge Trump hugs 17 hours ago Bush attorney general says Comey 'failed at his job' for not notifying Justice superiors of pressure from Trump About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL ABOUT US NEWSLETTERS
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Subscribe News Transportation Transportation TrendingHome Capital | Oil | NAFTA | Bombardier | Canadian dollar | Family Finance Bombardier in talks with Chinese aircraft manufacturer for potential investment: report Alicja Siekierska | May 18, 2017 12:07 PM ET More from Alicja Siekierska Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Bombardier has reportedly held talks with the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd. (Comac) about a potential investment in the Montreal-based company’s commercial aerospace division. According to a news report by the Financial Times, sources said Comac — China’s state-owned aerospace manufacturer — is working with at least one bank on a deal that could involve an investment in Bombardier’s commercial aerospace division, or a stake in its CSeries program.  A spokesperson for Bombardier said the company would not comment on market rumours or speculation. Bombardier received $1 billion from the Quebec government for its CSeries program, and the federal government provided a $372.5 million loan towards development of its Global 7000 business aircraft program, as well as the CSeries program.  Earlier this month, Comac’s C919 completed its maiden flight in Shanghai. The aircraft is the first independently developed by China.  “This is not only a major historic breakthrough in China’s aviation industry, but also a significant achievement made by China in deeply implementing the strategy of driving development by innovation and comprehensively promoting the structural reform of the supply said,” Comac said of the maiden flight in a news release.  Related Bombardier Inc signs $700 million IT deal with IBM in push to cut costs Bombardier Inc is looking to grow its signaling business due to higher demand for infrastructure projects Bombardier has previously engaged in partnerships with the Chinese manufacturer.  In 2012, Bombardier announced it planned on strengthening its strategic partnership with the company with an agreement that involved collaboration on the development and customer operating efficiencies of the C919 and Bombardier’s CSeries.  Bombardier’s CSeries program is currently at the centre of what could be a major  trade dispute between Canada and the United States.  Last month, American aerospace giant Boeing filed a petition to the U.S. Department of Commerce seeking an anti-dumping, countervailing duty order against the sale of Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft. Boeing has alleged that Bombardier sold the jets to Delta at an “absurdly low” price, well below the cost of manufacturing the jet.  Bombardier lawyers were in a Washington, D.C. courtroom on Thursday, arguing against the petition and saying it was “unprecedented in its overreach.”  With files from the Canadian Press. Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Transportation, Aerospace and Defense Sector, bombardier, cseries Find a Story Stock Search News Videos FP Picks Ontario’s new workplace laws will be ‘profoundly negative’ for an economy already lacking competitiveness Karl Baldauf: Taken as a whole, proposed reforms will tip our economic balance in a profoundly negative way Canadians just can’t seem to quit loyalty cards, despite all of the data breaches and PR headaches The multi-billion dollar business is just as popular as ever with Canadian consumers and companies alike and any changes are quickly noticed Tech-based future: Why Google, University of Toronto and Actua bring 1,200 secondary students under one roof Students between grades 4 and 8 attended Go North, an event meant to 'ignite curiosity' for youth in the areas of science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) Mining magnate Frank Giustra takes a break from producing Blade Runner sequel to return to his first love — mining Vancouver-based Frank Giustra marks a return to the resource sector after a half-decade hiatus during the commodities downturn Gwyn Morgan: Here’s why I’m not worried about more Trans Mountain oil tankers in my backyard (and you shouldn’t either) Hundreds of times more petroleum runs into the oceans from storm drains on land than from tanker spills Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Portfolio Watchlist Markets Inside the Market Funds & ETFs Investment Ideas Personal Finance Retirement Market Updates Home» Globe Investor» Inside the Market     What every Canadian investor needs to know today Add to ... Subscribers Only Terry Weber The Globe and Mail Published Thursday, May 18, 2017 7:25AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 18, 2017 10:20AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn X To continue reading this article, you must be a Globe Unlimited subscriber. Don't stop here. Go unlimited. A Globe Unlimited subscription also gives you: Full access to all our award-winning news articles and exclusive features Access and availability on all devices and platforms Real-time Stock Quotes that remove the 15-minute stock price delay on all Canadian stock portals Reuters Financial News providing key insights from the world's best economies and markets newsroom Subscribe to Globe Unlimited now! Already a print newspaper subscriber? Click here to get full access to Globe Unlimited. Already a Globe Unlimited subscriber? Log in to keep reading. Keep me logged in I forgot my password No Thanks Equity Markets Escalating political tensions in the United States continued to grip the markets Thursday, and U.S. stocks traded lower as a series of scandals cast a shadow over Donald Trump’s presidency and the future of his ambitious pro-growth agenda. Stocks sold off sharply on Wednesday. The Dow Jones industrial average was off 52.42 points, or 0.25 per cent, at 20,554.51, the S&P 500 was off 2.42  points, or 0.10 per cent, at 2,354.38 and the Nasdaq composite added 7.50 points, or 0.12 per cent, at 6,019.21. On Wednesday, the Dow closed down more than 300 points, its lowest close in nearly five months on reports that U.S. President Donald Trump asked former FBI director James Comey to end a probe into alleged Russian interference in the U.S. presidential election. A special counsel has now been appointed to lead the investigation. The VIX index, which has hit the lowest level since 1993 a week ago, jumped 35 per cent to 15.69 per cent on Wednesday. "The row between Mr Trump and the FBI is still on traders’ minds and while this is hanging over the market I can’t see sentiment changing anytime soon," CMC Markets analyst David Madden said. "Traders will be reluctant to open up new long positions while there is talk of Trump being impeached. I would classify today as a risk-off session as traders appear to be in wait-and-see mode. There are bargains to be had out there but dealers would be taking on excessive risk by buying in now." Outside the political arena, traders will again have an eye on the retail sector with Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reporting earnings of a $1 a share before the bell. Analysts had been expecting earnings of about 96 cents a share in the latest quarter. In Toronto, the S&P/TSX composite was off 81.81 points, or 0.54 per cent, at 15,191.87 as oil and gold prices fell. The index was led lower by utilities and materials stocks. In addition to negative sentiment affecting global markets, traders in Canada are also contending with volatile oil markets which saw crude prices slip Thursday morning. Overseas, Asian stocks were sharply lower, while European markets were also down. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index slid 1.3 per cent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng shed 0.6 per cent and the Shanghai Composite index slid 0.45 per cent. In Europe, the blue-chip FTSE 100 was down 1.14 while Germany's DAX was off 0.42 per cent and France's CAC 40 lost 0.71 per cent. Commodities Crude prices were down but off early lows as traders weighed the latest inventory figures showing a lower-than-expected drawdown in U.S. crude inventories. On Wednesday, the U.S. Energy Information Administration said inventories fell 1.8 million barrels in the week to May 12, lower than market forecasts. Attention now turns to OPEC's meeting in Vienna next week. Key members have already indicated the cartel and non-OPEC members will extend production cuts until the middle of next year. "Could the Saudis bring the ‘bazooka’ to Vienna and surprise the market with larger supply cuts?," Desjardins Capital Markets analysts asked in a morning note. "The negative tail risk ahead of the OPEC meeting appears fairly minimal at this point following a series of endorsements to extend supply cuts—not only from cartel oil ministers but also from several non-OPEC players, most importantly the Russian Federation." They noted that Saudi Arabia has successfully built support for extending supply cuts, which begs the questions could a move to expand cuts in addition to extending them be afoot? "The odds are fairly low, particularly with key geopolitical rivals Iraq and Iran pushing the limits of current quotas while Libya and Nigeria (which are not subject to quotas) have been steadily ramping up production following past above-ground disruptions," they said. Despite the OPEC cuts, Reuters also points out that other producers have been quick to fill supply gaps. But other producers have been quick to fill any supply gaps. The wire service noted that shipping data in Thomson Reuters Eikon shows that U.S. crude exports to Asia have soared from a handful of tankers a quarter throughout 2015 and 2016 to 10 tankers in the first quarter of 2017 and that figure is expected to rise. North Sea oil shipments to Asia have also been at record highs this year, with 19 tankers delivering in the first quarter and a similar amount expected to go to Asia in the second. Gold prices eased as the U.S. dollar found its footing, prompting some profit-taking among investors. On Wednesday, gold prices jumped 2 per cent, the biggest single-day jump since Britain voted to leave the EU last June. In morning trading, spot gold prices were down slightly while U.S. gold futures were mostly flat. “We are likely to see profit taking weigh upon the metal over the short term, however the current political climate in the U.S. should see underlying interest continue to support the metal around $1,250,” MKS trader Sam Laughlin said in a note. Silver prices were also lower while copper prices touched a one-week low in London early on. Currencies and bonds The Canadian dollar shed early losses and was trading around the break-even mark as Thursday's trading day got underway. The U.S. dollar also reversed course as economic reports showed a tightening labour market and a growing manufacturing sector. Earlier in the day, the greenback had been near a six-month low against a basket of global currencies. For the loonie, the day's range 73.16 cents (U.S.) to 73.63 cents. Wednesday's Bank of Canada closing price was 73.45 cents. The next major economic report that could offer direction for the currency comes Friday when Statistics Canada releases its latest reading on inflation. The country's annual rate of inflation for April is expected to be 1.8 per cent, according to economists. RBC Capital Markets chief currency strategist Adam Cole noted that the U.S. dollar had rebounded from lows late yesterday but the gains remained small in context of the week's losses. "There have been no further negative political developments overnight and we note the prices quoted by U.K. bookmakers imply a 55 per cent probability that President Trump will leave before the end of his first term – little changed from yesterday, but up from around 40 per cent two weeks ago," he said in a morning note. Some traders also suggested that at least part of the U.S. dollars recent declines could be linked as much to weaker recent economic reports as political turmoil in Washington. Reuters reports that expectations for a move the Federal Reserve next month fell back to about 60 per cent on Wednesday, from 90 per cent last week. In bonds, U.S. debt prices moved lower as investors sought safe-haven holdings. The yield on the 10-year Treasury notes was 2.186 per cent. The yield on the 30-year notes 2.878 per Stocks set to see action Cisco Systems Inc. could be in for a rough day after it posted a disappointing outlook alongside its fiscal third-quarter results on Wednesday evening. Cisco, a blue-chip technology company that designs networking equipment, reported a profit of $2.5-billion (U.S.) or 60 cents a share after making some one-time adjustments, up 5 per cent from the same period last year. The result was about 2 cents better than analysts’ expectations. However, Cisco’s revenue fell 1 per cent during the quarter, and the company forecast a further decline of as much as 6 per cent in the fourth quarter, as it adjusts to a shift from networking hardware to software-based products. Its shares fell 7.5 per cent in premarket trading. Home Capital Group Inc. named a new director and said one of its initial investors would step down from the board. Home Capital named James Lisson, who has worked with law firms and with the Canadian Department of Justice as a consultant on commercial law, to its board of directors. The company said John Marsh would step down from the board. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. reported earnings per share of $1, beating analysts forecasts of 96 cents. Revenue was a bit shy of expectations but comparable store sales rose 1.3 per cent, meeting forecasts. Its shares rose 1.8 per cent in premarket trading. General Motors Co. plans to quit selling vehicles in India by the end of this year and will sell operations in South Africa, the latest steps in a strategy of focusing cash and engineering effort on fewer, more profitable markets. The Detroit auto maker said on Thursday it will take a $500-million charge in the second quarter to restructure operations in India, Africa and Singapore. It will cancel most of a planned $1-billion investment to build a new line of low-cost vehicles in India. GM shares fell 1.3 per cent in premarket trading. Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. reported fourth-quarter revenue above analysts’ expectations on Thursday, helped by strength in the Chinese e-commerce market. China’s top e-commerce firm also announced a two-year share repurchase program of up to $6 billion. Alibaba’s total revenue rose about 60 percent to 38.58 billion yuan ($5.60 billion) in the quarter ended March 31, versus an average forecast of 36 billion yuan according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Net income attributable to shareholders rose to 10.65 billion yuan, or 60 cents per share, from 5.37 billion yuan in the year-earlier quarter. Its U.S.-listed shares were off 1.7 per cent in premarket trading.   U.S. government officials on Thursday are set to begin investigating Boeing Co.’s unfair trade claims against Canadian rival Bombardier, a two-track action that could lead to U.S. duties on Bombardier’s new jetliner and also pits Boeing against Delta Air Lines Inc. The U.S. Commerce Department is poised to announce the launch of its investigation. U.S. International Trade Commission (USITC) staff will hear testimony from both companies and from Bombardier customer Delta in the case. Halliburton Co.  said on Wednesday that Chief Executive Officer Dave Lesar will retire on June 1 and be replaced by Jeff Miller, Lesar’s longtime deputy and fellow board member. Mr. Lesar will stay on as executive chairman of the world’s second-largest oilfield service provider until December, 2018, when he reaches the company’s mandatory retirement age of 65. More reading: Thursday's small-cap stocks to watch More reading: A lesson from Wednesday's stock plunge: Bonds are essential in a portfolio More reading: A compelling reason to invest in RioCan Economic News Statistics Canada says foreign investment in Canadian securities totalled $15.1-billion in March. At the same time, Canadian investors added $15.4 billion of foreign securities to their holdings, led by acquisitions of U.S. equities. The U.S. Labor Department says applications for weekly unemployment aid fell 4,000 to 232,000, the lowest level in nearly three months. The four-week average, a less volatile figure, declined 2,750 to 240,750. Applications are a proxy for layoffs. They have been below 300,000, a historically low figure, for 115 weeks. That’s the longest such streak since 1970. The Philadelphia Fed manufacturing index rose to a reading of 38.8 in May from a reading of 22 in April. Economists had been expecting a reading of about 19.6. "While the headline was a massive beat and hit the second highest level behind February of this year all the way back to 1993, the details are much less impressive," Scotiabank's Derek Holt said in a note. " They point toward upside for current production activity, but with few legs to it. " Japan’s economy grew in the first quarter at its fastest pace in a year to mark the longest period of expansion in a decade, thanks to robust exports and a helpful boost from private consumption. Positive data issued on Thursday should offer some relief to Bank of Japan policy makers, who hope the economy is now gathering enough momentum to drive up inflation that remains stubbornly below their 2-per-cent target. With files from Reuters and The Associated Press Report Typo/Error Follow us on Twitter: @GlobeInvestor TSXS&P/TSX Composite Latest Price15,458.46 +181.26 (+1.19%) DJIADow Jones Industrials Latest Price20,804.84 +141.82 (+0.69%) SPXS&P 500 INDEX Latest Price2,381.73 +16.01 (+0.68%) COMPNASDAQ NMS COMPOSITE INDEX Latest Price6,083.70 +28.57 (+0.47%) WMT-NWal Mart Stores Inc Latest Price$78.77 +1.23 (+1.59%) GM-NGeneral Motors Co Latest Price$32.72 +0.25 (+0.77%) BABA-NAlibaba Group Holding Ltd Latest Price$123.22 +1.95 (+1.61%) BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$180.76 +3.36 (+1.89%) BBD.B-TBombardier Inc Latest Price$2.11 +0.05 (+2.43%) Updated May 19 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story Asian stocks drop as White House turmoil hits risk sentiment World’s 500 richest people lose $35-billion from Trump market turmoil Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Opinion: What is cultural appropriation? Life Meet Australia's Omar, who could be crowned world's longest cat News World's best-preserved armoured dinosaur fossil now on display News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News Flooding on Toronto Islands affecting businesses Life Add some flair to your long weekend BBQ with this surf and turf dish News Obese monkey gets help with junk food habit Report on Business Drawing Conclusions: Buying a home? What it will cost you in land transfer taxes and fees across the country Report on Business Canopy Growth's Bruce Linton gives his three tips for entrepreneurs Report on Business IBM's quantum computer gets powerful upgrade News Nova Scotia PC, NDP leaders take aim at Premier News Trump calls investigation into potential Russian ties a 'witch hunt' ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Globe Investor No advice but still a price: Fund fees for DIY investors draw fire Arts At Cannes, the screen belongs to female filmmakers Most popular Team Trudeau’s precarious friendship with Jared Kushner First Nations leaders question safety of youth in Thunder Bay May 20: Your daily horoscope Report says La Loche shooter asked if he would get gift to mark anniversary of attack Will Ottawa’s new plan lower Canada's high drug prices? X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Globe Investor is part of The Globe and Mail's Report on Business Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  Space ::  Library ::  News ::  2017 ::  May ::  SITREP Military WMD Intelligence Homeland Security Space Menu                          Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links Public Eye Space Further Reading 45th Space Wing enables nation's space mission By Secretary of the Air Force Public Affairs / Published May 18, 2017 WASHINGTON (AFNS) -- Space launches may soon be an almost weekly sight on Florida's Space Coast. As the need for space lift grows globally, partnerships between the Air Force, other government agencies and the commercial space industry are enhancing the 45th Space Wing's vision of remaining the world's premier gateway to space. With a mission of delivering assured space launch, range and combat capabilities for the nation, the space wing and its Eastern Range assets provide a vast network of radar, telemetry and communications instruments to facilitate the safe launch of all Department of Defense National Security Space, NASA, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and commercial operations. According to Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, the 45th SW commander, the wing is developing plans to enable a launch a week to meet the growing demand of national, civil and commercial organizations to put capabilities on orbit. Today, the wing is on track to launch 30 times this year and has no plans of slowing down. One key initiative in reducing the time between launches is the implementation of the Autonomous Flight Safety System. The system enables the 45th SW to support more launches by expediting range turnaround times with more stringent safety standards, all while cutting launch costs. However, increasing launch capacity is only one of many achievements at the 45 SW. Over the past several years, the wing partnered with the Air Force Rapid Capabilities Office and NASA to activate a new recovery site for the unmanned, reusable X-37B Orbital Test Vehicle. This partnership, along with the program's renovations to the former Space Shuttle Orbiter Processing Facilities, allowed the OTV to land at the Kennedy Space Center Shuttle Landing Facility on May 7, 2017 after a record-breaking 718 days on orbit. "The Air Force provides space capabilities to protect the country. Increasingly, the American people and commerce depend on Air Force satellites for GPS navigation, timing signals for banking and ATM machines, and communications," said Secretary of the Air Force Heather Wilson, "The Air Force will continue to work with partners to drive innovation." The Air Force's partnership with NASA is not a one-way street. Col. Jack D. Fischer's arrival on the International Space Station in April showcased not only the Air Force's accomplishments in space, but also its partnership with NASA. During his four-month long stay, Fischer is assigned to Expedition 51, a multi-national team tasked with conducting more than 250 biological, biotechnology, physical and Earth-science experiments, gathering information that may one day lead to a mission to Mars. In March, the wing launched the ninth Boeing-built Wideband Global SATCOM satellite from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. WGS satellites play an integral part in the strategic and tactical coordination of military operations. This satellite will provide the United States and six allied nations with increased communications capabilities to prevent, protect against and respond to attacks. The WGS-9 satellite was funded through an agreement between the United States, Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Australia. Each partner country gains access to the capabilities provided by the full WGS system, which includes flexible and secure communication transmissions in the X- and Ka-band frequencies. "The men and women of the 45th Space Wing and Air Force Space Command epitomize American ingenuity and innovation," said Under Secretary of the Air Force Lisa Disbrow. "Through them, we are delivering safe, reliable, effective, and efficient space launch for our nation and this excellent Air Force team is key to our ability to meet rapidly growing demands for launch services." Air Force space operations have been instrumental in national security power projection in five key space mission areas - support, application, control, enhancement and situational awareness. Through these accomplishments, the 45th SW and the Air Force continue to protect and defend America's advantage in the space warfighting domain. "Since 1954, Air Force leaders and space warriors have been at the cutting edge of technology. From Bennie Schriever, who we acknowledge as the pioneer of military space, through larger than life heroes like Kevin Chilton and Bob Kehler and Susan Helms and now John Hyten and Jay Raymond ... we have consistently broken barriers in space technology. We have and will own the high ground," said Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. David Goldfein. On May 17, 2017, Wilson and Goldfein were accompanied by Gen. John Raymond, the AFSPC commander and Space and Lt. Gen. Samuel Greaves, the Missile Systems Center commander when they testified before Congress on the future of the U.S. space policy and posture. NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
