Share & Embed Construction Underway for the Army's High-Tech Future Helicopter for 2030s - First Flight Next Year Kris Osborn Sunday at 2:52 PM / Originally published onWarrior The Army is considering two new, high-tech designs. First flight tests are slated for 2017. The new helicopter will feature new, future-oriented sensors, weapons and guidance technologies. The Army is preparing for the first official flights of two high-tech, next-generation aircraft now being designed with a wide range of abilities to include flying faster, flying farther without needing to refuel, operating in high-hot conditions and having an ability to both reach high speeds and hover like a helicopter. The new aircraft are part of an Army-led effort, called Joint Multi-Role Technology Demonstrator, aimed at paving the way toward ultimately engineering a new fleet of aircraft for all the services to take flight by 2030. Construction of two different high-tech, future oriented demonstrator helicopters is already underway in anticipation of ground testing later this year and initial flight testing next year, Dan Bailey, JMR TD program director, told Scout Warrior in an interview several months ago.  “Things are moving along very well. We are on schedule with exactly what our industry partners have planned,” he said. While some of the eventual requirements for the new aircraft have yet to be defined, there are some notional characteristics currently being sought after by the program. They include an ability to travel at airplane-like speeds greater than 230 knots, achieve a combat radius of 434 kilometers, use a stronger engine and operate in what’s called “high-hot” conditions of 6,000-feet and 95-degrees Fahrenheit. “We had set 230 as the speed requirement because we wanted to push the technology.  We wanted people to bring new ideas and new configurations to the table,” Bailey said in an interview with Scout Warrior several months ago. A faster, more manueverable helicopter that can fly farther on one tank of fuel would enable forces in combat to more effectively engage in longer combat operations such as destroying enemy targets or transporting small groups of mobile, lethal ground fighters. The new helicopter will also be designed to use next-generation sensors to find enemies on the move and employ next-generation weapons to attack them, Army officials describe.  The JMR TD technology effort will inform a planned program of record called Future Vertical Lift, or FVL, which will design, build and test a series of next-generation aircraft for the Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps. “FVL is a high priority. We have identified capability gaps. We need technologies and designs that are different than what the current fleet has. It will carry more equipment, perform in high-hot conditions, be more maneuverable within the area of operations and execute missions at longer ranges,” Rich Kretzschmar, project manager for the FVL effort, told Scout Warrior in an interview several months ago. .The first flights of the demonstrator aircraft, slated for 2017, will include developmental helicopter/aircraft from two industry teams – Bell Helicopter and a Sikorsky-Boeing team.  TWO HELICOPTER DESIGNS  The Bell offering, called the V-280 Valor, seeks to advance tilt-rotor technology, wherein a winged-aircraft with two rotor blades over each wing seeks to achieve airplane speeds and retain an ability to hover and maneuver like a helicopter. Bell’s V-280 has finished what’s called a system-level design review where Army and Bell developers refine and prepare the design of the air vehicle. “They have an air vehicle concept demonstrator that they call the third-generation tilt-rotor. Their fuselage was completed and it is being delivered to Bell for the build-up of the aircraft,” Bailey said. Along with Boeing, Bell makes the V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft which is currently praised by military members for its excellent operational performance in recent years. The Osprey has two rotating rotor blades which align vertically when the aircraft is in helicopter mode and then move to a horizontal position when the aircraft enters airplane mode and reaches speeds greater than 280 knots. The V-280 Valor also has two propellers which rotate from horizontal airplane mode to a vertical position, which allows for helicopter mode.  Bell officials have said their new aircraft will be able to reach speeds of 280 knots. Bell and Army officials explain that their V-280 Valor substantially advances tilt-rotor technology. “What Bell has done is taking its historical V-22 aircraft, and all the demonstrators before that, and applies them to this next-generation tilt-rotor. It is a straight wing versus a V-22 which is not straight. This reduces complexity,” Bailey explained. “They are also building additional flapping into the rotor system and individual controls that should allow for increased low-speed maneuverability.” The Sikorsky-Boeing demonstrator, called the SB>1 Defiant, uses a coaxial rotor system configuration. This is a design structure, referred to as a compound configuration, which relies upon two counter-rotating rotor blades on top of the aircraft and a thrusting mechanism in the rear. “To make a rotorcraft go fast you have to off-load the rotor lift onto something else or else you run into problems when you try to reduce the speed of that rotor. Typically, you do that with a wing but Sikorsky-Boeing came up with a lift-offset design,” Bailey added. The pusher-prop on the back of the aircraft is a small propeller behind the counter-rotating rotor heads. It is what can give the aircraft airplane-like speeds.  It operates with what’s called positive and negative pitch, allowing the aircraft to lean up or down and move both forwards and backwards, Boeing officials have said. MISSION EQUIPMENT The JMR TD program and the follow-on FVL effort will also integrate a wide range of next-generation sensors, weapons and avionics, Army officials explained.  Some of these technologies will include a “fly-by-wire” technology allowing for a measure of autonomy or automation so that the helicopter can fly along a particular course by itself in the event that a pilot is injured or incapacitated. This is the kind of technology which could, in the future, allow for unmanned helicopter operations. Along these lines, the Army is looking for technical solutions or mission equipment which increases a pilot's cognitive decision-making capability by effectively managing the flow of information from an array of sensors into the cockpit, Army program managers have explained in previous statements on the Army's website - Army.mil Army JMR TD development documents describe autonomous capability in terms of the need to develop a Human Machine Interface, HMI, wherein advanced cockpit software and computing technologies are able to autonomously perform a greater range of functions such as on-board navigation, sensing and threat detection, thus lessening the burden placed upon pilots and crew, Army experts have explained. In particular, cognitive decision-aiding technologies explored for 4th-generation JMR cockpit will develop algorithms able to track, prioritize organize and deliver incoming on- and off-board sensory information by optimizing visual, 3-D audio and tactile informational cues, prior statements on Army.mil have said.  The idea is to manage the volume of information flowing into the aircraft and explore how to best deliver this information without creating sensory overload. Some of this information may be displayed in the cockpit and some of it may be built into a helmet display, Army officials said. Manned-Unmanned teaming, also discussed by Army developers, constitutes a significant portion of this capability; the state of the art with this capability allows helicopter pilots to not only view video feeds from nearby UAS from the cockpit of the aircraft, but it also gives them an ability to control the UAS flight path and sensor payloads as well. Future iterations of this technology may seek to implement successively greater levels of autonomy, potentially involving scenarios wherein an unmanned helicopter is able to perform these functions working in tandem with nearby UAS.  COUNTERMEASURE SYSTEMS Integration is key to the Army's Mission Systems strategy, as the overall approach is aimed at fielding an integrated suite of sensors and countermeasure technologies designed to work in tandem to identify and in some cases deter a wide range of potential incoming threats, from small arms fire to RPGs, shoulder-fired missiles and other types of attacks, Army statements have said.  One such example of these technologies is called Common Infrared Countermeasure, or CIRCM, a light-weight, high-tech laser-jammer engineered to divert incoming missiles by throwing them off course. CIRCM is a lighter-weight, improved version of the Advanced Threat Infrared Countermeasures, known as ATIRCM, system currently deployed on aircraft. CIRCM, which will be fielded by 2018, represents the state of the art in countermeasure technology, officials said. Future iterations of this kind of capability envisioned for 2030 may or may not be similar to CIRCM, Army developers have said. Future survivability solutions will be designed to push the envelope toward the next-generation of technology, servcie information explains.  The mission equipment for the new aircraft will be tailored to the new emerging designs, service developers said. Additional countermeasure solutions proposed by industry could include various types of laser technology and Directed Energy applications as well as missile-launch and ground-fire detection systems, Army officials said. SENSOR TECHNOLOGIES The new helicopter program is also working with its industry partners to develop a new technology which might improve upon the state-of-the-art Modernized Target Acquisition Designation Sight/Pilot Night Vision Sensor, or MTADS, systems currently deployed on helicopters; MTADS sensing and targeting technology provide helicopters thermal imaging infrared cameras as well stabilized electro-optical sensors, laser rangefinders and laser target designators, according to Army statements.  The current, upgraded MTADS currently deployed on aircraft throughout the Army were engineered to accommodate the size, weight and power dimensions of today's aircraft, dimensions which will likely change with the arrival of a new Air Vehicle built for the new JMR demonstrator aircraft. WEAPONS SYSTEMS JMR Weapons Systems Integration is a critical part of this effort. The JMR aircraft will be engineered to integrate weapons and sensor systems to autonomously detect, designate and track targets, perform targeting operations during high-speed maneuvers, conduct off-axis engagements, track multiple targets simultaneously and optimize fire-control performance such that ballistic weapons can accommodate environmental effects such as wind and temperature, Army documents on the aircraft have stated. AUTOMATIC AVOIDANCE Air-to-Air "tracking" capability is another solution sought by the Army, comprised of advanced software and sensors able to inform pilots of obstacles such as a UAS or nearby aircraft; this technology will likely include Identify Friend or Foe, or IFF, transponders which cue pilots regarding nearby aircraft, Army officials have said. Technical solutions able to provide another important obstacle avoidance "sensing" capability called Controlled Flight Into Terrain, or CFIT, are also being explored; in this instance, sensors, advanced mapping technology and digital flight controls would be engineered to protect an aircraft from nearby terrain such as trees, mountains, telephone wires and other low-visibility items by providing pilots with sufficient warning of an upcoming obstacle and, in some instances, offering them course-correcting flight options.  Using sensors and other technologies to help pilots navigate through "brown-outs" or other conditions involving what's called a "Degraded Visual Environment" is a key area of emphasis as well, according to Army officials.  The Army is looking at a range of solutions such as radar, electro-optical equipment, lasers, sensors, software, avionics and communications equipment to see what the right architecture is and how we would integrate all these things together.  PROGRESS THUS FAR In addition to conducting the first official Army-industry flight of the two demonstrators, the program is working on a Material Development Decision, designed to pave the way for the FVL acquisition program. This effort conducts a thorough examination of all the available technologies and their performance through what is called an “analysis of alternatives.”   A key advantage of a joint FVL program is that it will engender further inter-operability between the services and, for example, allow an Army helicopter to easily be serviced with maintenance at a Marine Corps Forward Operating Base, Bailey explained. Bell and Sikorsky-Boeing teams are both done with their subsystem critical design review and the components are in fabrication and safety flight testing, Bailey explained. “Bell has a completed fuselage that is undergoing the nuances of getting landing gear attached to it and holes for wiring. They are complete with their wing build and they are just starting to make it to the engine itself,” Bailey said. Bell engineers have been mounting  the wing to the fuselage. “It really is starting to look like major components to the aircraft. By May it will likely look like a complete aircraft but it will not have all the subsystems,” he added. The Sikorsky-Boeing – fuselage is complete as well, Bailey said. “The transmission, main rotor and hubs have been forged and cast – they are in the process of preparing for final assembly,” he explained. Both companies we have completed the final design and risk review, which is the government review of their process to say the Army understands the final design and the risks going forward. “The demonstrators help to inform the feasibility both from the technical and affordability aspects of a future program of record,” Bailey said. Kris Osborn can be reached at Kris.Osborn@Scout.com. To Ask Military Expert KRIS OSBORN Questions, VISIT THE WARRIOR FORUMS.     Share on Facebook  Share on Twitter Trending on Scout AP Top 25 Poll: Week 12 Kelly: Substance Over Scoreboards Robert Barber's future to be decided tomorrow The Sidelines Podcast: Dan Majerle Dr. Roto Podcast - Tuesday, November 15 Scout Top Stories The Sidelines Podcast: Dan MajerleThe Sidelines podcast welcomed former NBA star and current Grand Canyon head coach Dan Majerle to the show. by Recruiting Staff Scout Hoops1:18 PM Week 10 NFL Rushing LeadersCheck out who put up big rushing numbers week 10 in the NFL by Jonathan Kahn Scout NFL Network1:12 PM Week 10 NFL Passing LeadersCheck out who put up big passing numbers week 10 in the NFL. by Jonathan Kahn Scout NFL Network1:03 PM Scout's Top 5 HS Recruit Highlights - Week 13Scout's High School Highlights brings you five plays from top recruits that stood out from the previous week of high school football. by Kevin Wade Scout Football12:56 PM Robert Barber's future to be decided tomorrowSOMETIME BEFORE noon tomorrow, the fate of Robert Barber, as a student and college football player, will be decided. If long-time Whitman County Superior Court judge David Frazier… by Barry Bolton Cougfan11:47 AM Kelly: Substance Over ScoreboardsA resounding victory over Army is of little consequence to most. Building upon the strongest, most complete performance of the season casts Kelly’s eyes on 2017. by Tim Prister IrishIllustrated.com11:35 AM Inside the Matchup: Louisville vs HoustonThese two have played 16 times and the series is dead even. by Jonathan Kahn Scout CFB11:10 AM Dr. Roto Podcast - Tuesday, November 15Dr. Roto discusses the Alshon Jeffery situation and digs for hidden treasures in free agency. by Dr. Roto Scout Fantasy10:34 AM Updated 2019 Top 50R.J. Barrett held steady at No. 1 in Scout's 2019 player rankings. Who else made the list? Check out Scout's updated 2019 top 50. by Evan Daniels Scout Hoops10:18 AM Is PSU's Fries Being Thrown Into The Fire?During his Tuesday press conference at Beaver Stadium, Penn State coach James Franklin said a redshirting offensive tackle might be pressed into action. by Mark Brennan Fight On State8:58 AM Breaking News Vikings release Walsh, to sign ForbathThe Minnesota Vikings released struggling kicker Blair Walsh on Tuesday. by Tim Yotter Viking Update8:57 AM Alabama Took Note Of Upsets Last WeekAlabama Coach Nick Saban prefers controlling destiny by Kirk McNair BamaMag8:52 AMLoad More NCAA Teams Forums Basketball BB Recruiting Football FB Recruiting JC Football NFL Teams Forums Fantasy News Free Agents Draft MLB Teams Forums News Top Prospects Scouting Home Handy Cooking Gardening Tailgater More Hunting Fishing Warrior Golf NBA High School Other App Membership Tickets FOX Sports Sign In Sign Up Back To Top Twitter Facebook Instagram RSS Feed About Advertisers Press Help Contact Privacy Policy Terms of Service Jobs © 2016 Scout.com All rights reserved Javascript must be enabled to view this page.
Press Esc to close Wednesday 16 November 2016 News updated at 2:37 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 30.1°C Min : 20.4°C In Bengaluru Sunny day  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    18-20 people died in queues and PM was laughing: Rahul      Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre      Modi protecting his 'corporate friends': Kejriwal      Demonetisation a crusade against corruption & black money: PM      Govt decides to declare Zakir Naik's NGO outlawed body for 5 years      Demonetisation: Shiv Sena to join Mamata in Parliament      Swaraj undergoing treatment for kidney ailment at AIIMS      Mistry removed as TGBL chairman; calls move as 'illegal'      Banks may hire retired staff to deal with cash rush: FinMin      Demonetisation drive: Parliament set to witness furore      In a first, CRPF deploys women commandos for anti-Naxal ops      Kharif farmers hit after RBI ban on DCC banks over old notes      Right hand to be inked for old currency exchange      Pak can't be bullied, capable of defending itself: Sharif      Mistry rebuts Tata Sons charges; lists high jet, PR costs      Scramble for cash continues on day 7, man dies in queue      Direct Centre to withdraw demonetisation: Kejriwal urges Prez      India, Israel to intensify defence, anti-terror cooperation      China's first aircraft carrier 'combat ready': Official      Modi govt has turned people into beggars: Mamata      Vodafone doubles losses on India write-down, hit by RJio entry      Panama Leak: Qatari prince comes to rescue of embattled Sharif      India's NSG bid: China still stiff on its stand      Demonetisation: Prachanda dials Modi, seeks help      Sheila Dikshit's son-in-law sent to 2-day police custody      SC refuses to stay Govt's demonetisation notification      Congress chalks out strategy for winter session      WPI inflation dips to 3.39% in Oct as food prices soften      PM's nonagenarian mother goes to bank to exchange old notes      Indelible ink to check syndicates: Govt on currency woes      Employees are scared for their safety after Trump's win: Nooyi      Cash crunch: No respite from long queues at banks, ATMs      'Trump, Putin agree to work together to mend ties'      Russia detains economy minister for $2 mln bribe over Rosneft deal      Sensex at 6-mth low, bleeds 514 pts on fund outflows      'Ape in heels': Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash      Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps      World looks up to gaze at extra bright 'supermoon'     You are here: Home » Supplements » Economy & Business » Level flight: Charting India's airline course Level flight: Charting India's airline course Hrithik Kiran Bagade, Bengaluru, Nov 14, 2016, DHNS Last month, Jet Airways introduced wide-body services on two of its busiest domestic routes — Mumbai-Delhi-Mumbai and Delhi-Kolkata-Delhi — in a move that significantly enhanced connectivity, besides boosting capacity on these key sectors. The double-aisle Airbus A330 that was deployed, puts the airline in a niche club of Indian carriers that boast of such large aircraft (Jet Airways has Boeing 777s too), enabling them to fly long routes, non-stop. Only in this case, the airline found huge demand in the domestic market itself, compelling it to ply one of its big boys. According to Jet Airways Chief Commercial Officer Jayaraj Shanmugam, “The Indian domestic sector is witnessing breakneck growth in demand. Our fleet mix comprising both wide-body and narrow-body aircraft is our strength, and helps us respond to market conditions and provide enhanced travel options to our guests.” Joining Jet Airways in the wide-body boat is flag carrier Air India, which boasts of wide connectivity to Europe and the US, thanks to its fleet of Boeing 747s, 777s, and 787s. Air India Chairman and Managing Director Ashwani Lohani says, “Our profitability mantra is ‘fill more, fly more!’ We are bullish on increasing occupancy and flying to more destinations.” Indeed, India has taken off to a flying start with a burgeoning airline industry. The sector has opened to a big blue sky of opportunities, owing to a series of measures taken by the government, along with the economy itself welcoming several trends that have propelled it further. Amar Abrol, the CEO of young budget carrier AirAsia India, explains that India’s civil aviation industry is on a high-growth trajectory. “India aims to become the third-largest aviation market by 2020, and the largest by 2030. Factors such as low-cost carriers, FDI in domestic airlines, advanced IT interventions and growing emphasis on regional connectivity have given a new lease of life to the growth of the Indian aviation sector,” he opines. Despite such high scope for growth, the airline industry throws many questions that require some deep thought and analysis. It is imperative to understand the uniqueness of this market, as well as introspect its challenges, and find solutions. Fleet-finding mission Firstly, except for Jet Airways and Air India, it is interesting to note that while India’s airline market is huge, mostly narrow-body, single-aisle aircraft supply the demand. Vinod Singel, Founder and Managing Director of aviation consultancy Aerosource India, tells DH that while it is a strategic decision to fly certain aircraft in certain sectors, the idea is to ensure up to 100% load factor at competitive costs. “What you don’t want is flying at 50% load factor. If a Boeing 787 with 250 seats sees 50% load factor, it’s as good as 90% on a smaller 737. The plan is to see all operational costs become less,” he explains. Load factor plays a major role for an airline in ascertaining flights on a particular route, post which, it would determine the right aircraft fit for the journey, after gauging all economies of scale and other required considerations. Basically, with more traffic on a particular route, given the demand, an airline may decide whether it would want one large aircraft carrying more passengers on fewer flights, or several smaller aircraft carrying the same number of passengers between them on more flights. Hence, airlines that have dedicated demand on specific routes opt for one or two types of aircraft as feasible to fulfil it. Recently, Emirates moved to an all Airbus A380 and Boeing 777 fleet, in line with its vision to offer superior passenger experience, and improve environmental performance. “When you have one type of aircraft, there is commonality in the crew required to fly it,” Singel says. For instance, if an A330 belonging to a small fleet develops a snag, finding a replacement aircraft or crew easily could be challenging. Flying home With regard to India, experts have exuded immense confidence in the domestic sector opening up in a big way. A number of routes have unlocked themselves on the country’s map, and carriers want to find them. Over the last few years, India has seen a rise in the number of regional carriers that have come into existence. In May 2016, domestic air passenger traffic rose 21.63% to 8.67 million, from 7.13 million during the same month, last year. Passenger traffic during FY2015-16 increased at a rate of 21.3% to 85.57 million, from 70.54 million in the FY2014-15. In March 2016, total aircraft movements at all Indian airports stood at 160,830, which was 14.9% higher than March 2015. India is among the five fastest-growing aviation markets globally, with 275 million new passengers. “The current domestic market itself is so large that homegrown carriers will first want to tap it,” Singel says. And for connecting towns within the country, airlines (especially budget ones) mostly fly single-aisle aircraft. Sharing AirAsia India’s strategy in the country, Abrol says, “Currently, we operate eight A320 aircraft across our domestic network, which offers a range of over four hours flying. So, anything that comes within that radius from cities in India, we will try and connect to. We will focus on strengthening our presence in India, before we scale our operations to fly international.” To further guess the emphasis that carriers have laid on India’s domestic airspace, one must note that market leader IndiGo — which also flies international, and operates one aircraft type — ordered 250 A320neo planes from Airbus, last year. Do you see the runway? While the Indian airline industry is seeing its share of domestic successes, one cannot ignore few important facts. A major issue surrounds connectivity, both in terms of infrastructure and reach. To put it in perspective, the population of India is 1.25 billion, compared with the US’ 300 million. Yet, the former has only around 400-450 airliners between its different carriers, compared with the latter’s whopping 4,000. “Today, only 60 out of the 400 available airports in India have fully-functional infrastructure — 24X7 services, night landing facilities, new terminals, security, and logistics. If new airports open, there’ll be people to fly from them,” Singel adds. Opening new airports wherever feasible will also move some stress away from busier hubs. “The aviation ecosystem in India did not anticipate nor plan for such high growth. Most of the major airports are almost reaching saturation. New Delhi is a good example; capacity constraints in terms of terminals and ramp-side remain a major concern for airlines in India,” explains Abrol. Another area that needs mention is the high fuel costs. “Over a year ago, ATF (Aviation Turbine Fuel) costed Rs 75 a litre. Though, today, it’s moderated to Rs 40, it is still quite highly priced,” informs Singel. He goes on to add that airport costs must also be looked at. “At Airports Authority of India-owned (AAI) airports, rates are as low as 120th of that at private airports. For instance, a government airport will charge over Rs 7 per hour for parking a small (turboprop) plane, against a private airport’s fee of over Rs 250,” he says. However, with a view to grow the sector, the National Civil Aviation Policy (NCAP 2016) has set forth many new ideas, foremost of all being to push regional flights. Also, progressive steps like the 0/20 rule replacing 5/20, is a great leap forward for more Indian carriers wanting to fly international. So where does India stand in the sky? Experts say that the country has the potential to become a major transit hub for airlines, much like Singapore and Dubai. Also, in the future, one may expect more people on a flight, along with more airports to take off from and land at, and obviously more planes, with Airbus forecasting a need for over 1,600 passenger aircraft in the next 20 years. So will one get to see an Airbus A380 or A350 in India soon? Answer is, ‘Sky’s the limit!’   Go to Top Tweet Videos Demonetisation effect: Church comes to public's rescue,... Israel President receives ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati... Watch: PM Modi's mother waits in queue,... People talk: cash rush Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most Popular Stories now Commented Emailed Viewed Will carry on fight against black money: PM Modi Modi hits out at Congress on opposition to demonetisation Note ban has led to 'financial chaos', say bank unions Demonetisation a scam, select few informed earlier: Kejriwal Demonetisation: PM takes on Opposition, says the poor are with him Demonetisation: Shiv Sena to join Mamata in Parliament Thousands take to streets across US to protest Trump victory The matchmakers 'Ape in heels': Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash Blood test may identify alcohol disorders in foetus: study Pensions for private employees More women sexually active even after 70: study Oxford University marks Cornelia Sorabji 150th birth anniversary So subterranean SC refuses to stay Govt's demonetisation notification 'Ape in heels': Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash Indelible ink to check syndicates: Govt on currency woes Melania to be 1st foreign-born US First Lady since 1820s Demonetisation: Prachanda dials Modi, seeks help Employees are scared for their safety after Trump's win: Nooyi Jackie Chan wins Oscar after 56 years in film industry Photo Gallery Priests along with devotees perform Maha Arti of Ganga on the occasion of 'Dev Diwali'at Sangam... Fireworks over illuminated Golden temple on the occasion of 548th birth anniversary of Guru Nanak... Casey Affleck, right, a cast member in 'Manchester by the Sea,' fixes the tie of his brother... Artists perform during the 49th state level police games at Dharamsala on Tuesday... Supermoon seen over the sky near Marina Beach in Chennai on Monday... RAF men light candles on the occasion of 'Dev Diwali' at Sangam in Allahabad on Monday... Partially obscured by clouds, a full moon rises behind the monument of Christ of Havana in Havana... CRPF deploys woman commandos in anti-Naxal operation for the first time in Ranchi, Jharkhand... The supermoon rises over Russia's Soyuz-FG booster rocket with the Soyuz MS-03 space ship that... Rajasthani artists showing Rs 2000 notes after exchanging their old notes in Bikaner... more About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
null
The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Podcast Gonzaga basketball WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Tue., Nov. 15, 2016 50˚ Local news SUNDAY, NOV. 13, 2016, 6:15 A.M. Donald Trump’s promises trigger fears of a trade war that would damage Washington’s economy By John Webster johnwe@spokesman.com(509) 459-5421 Twitter Facebook Email Reddit Related topics China reportedly pumping brakes on U.S. deal-making after Trump win If President Donald Trump keeps the promises of candidate Donald Trump, he could trigger a trade war with China, dissolve tariff-reduction deals around the Pacific Rim, and inflict a “disastrous” blow to the economy of trade-dependent Washington state. So says Democrat Gary Locke, the Chinese-American trade expert who served eight years as Washington state governor, two years as U.S. secretary of commerce and three years as U.S. ambassador to China. But out in Eastern Washington’s crop-growing country, which voted strongly in favor of Trump, farmers feel optimistic that they can persuade the new president to govern differently than he campaigned. John Stuhlmiller, CEO of the conservative Washington state Farm Bureau, said it is true that China has a history of the retaliation Locke predicts – a retaliation that “would be terrible for our economy, absolutely.” But the need to avoid a trade war is why, Stuhlmiller said, “I would submit there is room for movement from rhetoric to reality.” Stuhlmiller said Trump’s policy advisers already have told the Farm Bureau that Trump will repeal the Obama administration’s Clean Water Act rules concerning runoff – rules that many farmers consider damaging and excessive. The president-elect’s responsiveness to farmers on that issue makes farmers optimistic that Trump will respond favorably to farmers’ concerns regarding foreign trade, Stuhlmiller said. Bigger even than agriculture is Boeing. It sells jets, made in Washington, around the world. In 2015, Washington made and exported $86.3 billion worth of merchandise. More than half – $51 billion – was civilian aircraft. The largest market for Washington state products? China, at $20.7 billion in purchases during 2014. Those purchases include Boeing jets, fresh Wenatchee cherries that fly to China by the planeload, Yakima Valley hops for the brewers of Asian beer, and frozen french fries made in Moses Lake from local potatoes and devoured by the ton at China’s more than 2,200 McDonald’s restaurants. Other buyers of Washington state exports include Canada at $9.3 billion in purchases, Japan at $7.4 billion, and Mexico at $2.7 billion. The manufacture and shipping of these export products account for 1 in 3 of Washington state’s jobs, according to the state Department of Commerce. Those jobs are in Boeing’s factories, Eastern Washington’s family wheat farms, Columbia Valley’s wineries, Central Washington’s orchards and the thriving Port of Moses Lake, where more than 2,500 workers assemble semiconductors for Intel, carbon-fiber body panels for BMW’s electric cars, Genie construction lifts and more. Those jobs, said Locke, are what is at stake – along with the U.S. trade deficit, which gets better when Washington’s exports improve and worse when they decline. What is it, exactly, that candidate Trump said to provoke these Washington state concerns? He promised repeatedly to impose a 45 percent tariff on goods made in China and sold to the United States. He also said he would scrap the Trans-Pacific Partnership, an Obama administration trade pact involving 12 Pacific Rim countries; the deal awaits final approval in Congress, where leaders last week were calling it dead. China is not a party to the TPP, but many other Washington state trading partners are would-be members. He said he would renegotiate or scrap the North American Free Trade Agreement, which he lambasted as a job-killing deal that gutted American manufacturing since its passage in the 1990s. Peter Navarro, a Trump trade adviser, explained in a Los Angeles Times op-ed that the 45 percent tariff on Chinese imports would be a “strategic negotiating strategy to stop China … from cheating on international trade deals.” China, Navarro wrote, “has been waging an undeclared trade war on the U.S. since joining the World Trade Organization in 2001. The casualties are obvious: More than 50,000 American factories shuttered.” Meanwhile, Navarro wrote, “the unfair trade advantages China reaps from lax environmental and health and safety regulations are written in blood: More than 60,000 Chinese workers perished in workplace accidents in 2014 and up to a half-million people die prematurely because of China’s horrific air pollution.” Robert Hamilton, senior trade policy adviser in the Washington state Department of Commerce, said if Trump imposes an across-the-board 45 percent tariff on Chinese products, it “would be a blatant violation of WTO rules. Does he intend to pull out of the WTO? He hasn’t said so, so it is unclear how he would proceed against China, Washington’s largest export market,” Hamilton said. Further, Hamilton said, “I understand President-elect Trump wants to renegotiate NAFTA, but he has provided no details about what he would propose. Moreover, Canada and Mexico will be at the table, too, and they will not just give concessions to the United States.” According to former Gov. Locke, if Trump imposes a 45 percent tariff on Chinese imports, “China will reciprocate and put a similar tax on goods from Washington – whether it’s wheat, hops or Boeing airplanes. That will force Chinese buyers to buy from Brazil or Chile or Australia in terms of agricultural products and from Europe in terms of airplanes.” “They don’t have to buy from Boeing,” Locke added. The market for passenger jets is competitive; Airbus eagerly would sell to China if retaliatory Chinese taxes and tariffs made Boeing’s U.S.-made jets uncompetitive in price. If retaliatory trade policies block Washington state companies from selling to China, “it means layoffs” for Washington workers, Locke said. “It could be quite disastrous for jobs in the state of Washington,” he said. In addition, Trump’s threatened tariff on Chinese products would raise the price of the merchandise Americans buy at stores like Wal-Mart, Home Depot and Macy’s, Locke said. “That will be taken out of the pockets of American workers.” Primary provisions of the TPP, Locke said, are agreements to lower tariffs currently imposed by U.S. trading partners, and to bind those countries to improve the treatment of their own workers and cut down on the use of hazardous agricultural chemicals. In return for those agreements, nations in the TPP secure the mutual benefits of freer trade, Locke said. If other countries “can make things without health and human safety standards, it puts American companies at a disadvantage,” Locke said, because U.S. producers do invest in higher standards of health and safety. “That’s what TPP is trying to address, is level the playing field” so U.S. products have a fair shot in the competition for foreign buyers. Regarding the TPP, the Farm Bureau agreed: In its meetings with the new Trump administration, Stuhlmiller said, “Ag is going to be saying ‘Please support it.’ ” Under terms of the TPP, stringent U.S. environmental standards “would be a base for others to have to attain to. Others would have to pay more to produce crops, and that gives us an advantage; our products must become more cost-competitive,” Stuhlmiller said. “Where we excel is we have the world’s safest and best food supply. It goes at a premium,” Stuhlmiller said. This premium quality has contributed to the worldwide success of Washington’s big-money crops such as apples, cherries and wheat, he said. But it takes a level playing field, with lower tariffs and comparable production rules, for trade fully to benefit makers and buyers alike, he said. According to the Farm Bureau, the TPP would increase Washington state’s export income by $246 million per year and add more than 1,350 jobs to the state’s economy. Boeing, like the Farm Bureau, has expressed the hope it can work out concerns with the president-elect. After Trump’s election victory, the company issued this formal statement: “We congratulate president-elect Trump and newly elected members of Congress and look forward to working with them to ensure that U.S. companies can compete, win and grow our economy to provide good jobs to U.S. workers; as well as preserve American leadership in national security.” Will Trump, who campaigned to increase U.S. jobs and reduce the deficit in U.S. trade, respond to the concerns of Washington state export industries? Stuhlmiller predicted he will: During campaign season “rhetoric is rhetoric.” But governing, he said, is a different story. “We hope we will be able to reason our way through these things and find the right policy path forward. Farmers are the eternal optimists. We put everything at risk every year and hope the Lord provides the rain.” Published: Nov. 13, 2016, 6:15 a.m.  Tags: apples, Boeing, cherries, china, Donald Trump, farm bureau, foreign trade, jobs, NAFTA, Washington state economy, wheat Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile

Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Business Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceCommunication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives Sports More SciencePress ReleasesEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News You are here: ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 15 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,305-514.19 NIFTY 50 8,108-187.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,317-290.00 USD/INR 67.750.50 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW How Donald Trump can wage a trade war against China By KEITH BRADSHER, New York Times | Updated: Nov 12, 2016, 06.33 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Trade | tariffs | President | Manufacturing | international trade | Donald Trump | China In a strong signal, Trump has turned to Dan DiMicco, a longtime steel executive and trade critic, to oversee trade issues during his administration's transition. SHANGHAI: As a candidate, Donald Trump aimed some of his most blistering words at China, declaring that "we already have a trade war" and suggesting ominously that "we have the power over China, economic power." As president of the United States, Trump can use trade - a cornerstone of his populist rise - as a weapon, with the potential to drastically reshape the world's two largest economies, as well as the companies, industries and workers who depend on their hundreds of billions of dollars in closely linked goods. But neither side may win. Cutting off trade will not bring back the bulk of US manufacturing jobs lost to China in previous decades as it became the world's factory floor. Already, some industries that left the United States years ago, such as garment making and some light manufacturing, are now leaving China for even cheaper places. An aggressive stance with China also risks antagonizing an authoritarian government with its own brand of economic nationalism. Yet the unsettling reality for Beijing is that Trump has a variety of ways to get back at China for trade practices that he, his supporters or people in the affected industries view as unfair. China sells a large array of goods to the United States that he can aim at for higher tariffs. The opportunities for China to retaliate would be more limited. In the most basic terms, China buys less from the United States. But China could make some strategic strikes at targets like Boeing, US automakers and American farmers. Beijing exerts tight control over China's airlines, for example, and sometimes steers contracts to Airbus, Boeing's European rival, when officials feel that Washington is uncooperative. "Boeing complains, 'We have been pretty good friends with China. Why are we always a target?'" said He Weiwen, a former Chinese commerce ministry official who is now the co-director of the China-US-EU Study Center at the influential China Association of International Trade in Beijing. Or China could wreak havoc on the vast yet delicate supply chain behind a wide range of products like iPhones and auto parts. Six years ago, Chinese restrictions on exports of obscure yet vital minerals led to a global outcry by manufacturers. Early indications are that trade could take a more prominent place on the White House's China agenda, which under President Barack Obama was dominated by Beijing's territorial claims in East Asia and its influence over North Korea. In a strong signal, Trump has turned to Dan DiMicco, a longtime steel executive and trade critic, to oversee trade issues during his administration's transition. DiMicco writes a personal blog, liberally sprinkled with exclamation points, that blames America's industrial decline on cheating by trade partners, particularly China. "Hillary Clinton has claimed Trump's trade policies will start a 'Trade War' but what she fails to recognize is we are already in one," he wrote on his blog last summer. "Trump clearly sees it and he will work to put an end to China's 'Mercantilist Trade War'! A war it has been waging against us for nearly 2 decades!" China over the last two days has emphasized that a healthy relationship would benefit both sides. On Thursday, Lu Kang, a spokesman for China's Foreign Ministry, said, "It is in the common interests of both countries to develop a long-term, stable and prosperous trading relationship, and any American politician would take a policy in the interest of his country and the American people." Trump's views veer widely from the free-trade positions of the Republican Party in recent years and signal a return to the more hawkish positions of the Reagan administration, which repeatedly went after Japan on trade issues. Since President Ronald Reagan, Republican and Democratic administrations have been reluctant to confront countries that may be subsidizing or dumping exports, either because the evidence is unclear or because of a risk of damaging diplomatic or strategic relations. "This is the kind of stuff you learn in law school, and in the early days of your law career," said Alan H Price, a longtime lawyer for the American steel and aluminum industries at Wiley Rein. When used, the measures were sometimes deemed ineffective. In one rare example, Obama used his powers to impose tariffs of up to 35 percent on imports of Chinese tires soon after he took office. The tariffs prompted China to impose steep tariffs on US chicken meat and automotive products. Both countries complained to the World Trade Organization, which mostly sided with the United States. The case resulted in the United States producing more tires, but imports from other countries rose even faster. And the Obama administration later became more cautious about challenging China with trade restrictions. Any trade actions by Trump would face limits. This year, he mentioned imposing a tariff of 45 percent on all imports from China. But he later avoided specifics - and he has limited power to do so anyway. The law allows him to impose tariffs of no more than 15 percent, and for as long as 150 days, on all imports, unless a national emergency is declared. Other laws allow him to impose tariffs on targeted goods. Should Trump want to signal an aggressive stance quickly, he could move against imports of steel and aluminum from China. The Obama administration has been preparing to file a World Trade Organization case against China over claims that it subsidized aluminum exports. And the United States, Japan and the European Union already complain that Chinese government subsidies have produced a bloated domestic steel industry that they say dumps millions of tons of excess goods on world markets each year. China is more vulnerable given the sheer amount of stuff it sells to America. For more than a decade, China has consistently exported about $4 worth of goods to the United States for each $1 of goods that it imports. Exports to the US represent about 4 percent of the Chinese economy; US exports to China are only about two-thirds of 1 percent of the US economy. "We don't have many things in the toolbox for retaliation, because we export more than we import," said He, the former Chinese commerce ministry official. Still, China could inflict pain on sensitive areas that provide US jobs, like Boeing's jetliners. Boeing declined to comment except to say, "We congratulate President-elect Trump and newly elected members of Congress and look forward to working with them to make sure we continue to grow the global economy and protect our people." General Motors and Ford Motor Co, consider China a big contributor to sales. They mostly manufacture in China to supply the domestic market. But much of the design and engineering work is still done in the United States. China could hurt the automakers by adopting domestic policies that help their big European rivals, notably Volkswagen and Mercedes-Benz. Other US companies may be less opposed to trade limits than in the past. Some US companies have been struggling to sell in China. Beijing has steered contracts to Chinese telecommunications companies after Edward Snowden's revelations about US intelligence gathering in China. And Chinese state-owned enterprises have shifted much of their investment banking business from Wall Street to homegrown rivals. US farmers have welcomed Chinese purchases, but it is unclear how badly they could be hurt by any trade action. Chicken meat, soybeans, corn and other foodstuffs are commodities traded in world markets, and farmers are often able to sell elsewhere. Chinese goods have long helped keep prices down for Americans. But Chinese exports play a shrinking role in holding down prices as labor costs rise in China and as rivals like Indonesia, Vietnam and India expand manufacturing. China's biggest potential weapon is to disrupt the supply chains of multinationals by halting exports of crucial materials or components. But that could damage China's reputation as a reliable supplier. "I don't think we will go that far at the moment, because there is a lot of room to negotiate," He said. "If we are forced too much, nothing can be excluded." Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Premium homes in Bangalore’s prime location Godrej Properties Invest in India's most successful real estate project. LODHA The Park - Worli, Mumbai This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Tsunami hits New Zealand after powerful 7.8 earthquake 82 per cent Indians favour demonetisation: Survey Black money saved India during recession: UP CM From Around the Web More from The Economic Times 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-corruption campaign CRITICSUNION A step away from owning your dream home @ Options Unlimited PARANJAPE SCHEMES Top 10 highest paying jobs in USA 2016 Viral Gallery Now relocate without any hassles and stress! Interem Donald Trump's immigration plan may help Indians in US US joining AIIB under Donald Trump would be "good": China Putin, Trump speak by phone, agree to work to improve ties Right technology READ MORE ON » Trade | tariffs | President | Manufacturing | international trade | Donald Trump | China Follow this section for latest news on Business EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Demonetisation: Finance ministry asks banks to hire retired staff to deal with cash rush How Narendra Modi stole Manmohan Singh’s thunder There's no magic $45 billion behind India's dry ATMs Cyrus Mistry hits back saying Ratan Tata made questionable investment decisions Find if the nearest ATM has cash with this website More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSensex, Nifty Live Blog|Gold Rate US Presidential Elections Live Updates|Festival Guide 2016 ​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones|Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK RBI Rate Cut  Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
The Times Of India We have noticed that you have an ad blocker enabled which restricts ads served on the site. Please disable it to further read on The Times of India. STEPS FOR DISABLING AD BLOCKER Watch latest videos from THE TIMES of INDIA Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Blogs Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Good Governance US Elections 2016 Live Updates Debates Results News India Impact Interactives Election Speeches How the states voted Clinton VS Trump Election History Election Buzz Democratic Debates Republican Debates Women in Politics Similar Speeches Multimedia Videos Photos ALL News » US Elections 2016 » How Donald Trump can wage a trade war against China How Donald Trump can wage a trade war against ChinaKEITH BRADSHER As president of the US, Trump can use trade - a cornerstone of his populist rise - as a weapon, with the potential to drastically reshape the world's two largest economies, as well as the companies, industries and workers who depend on their hundreds of billions of dollars in closely linked goods. | NYT News Service | Updated: Nov 12, 2016, 07.27 PM IST Highlights As a candidate, Donald Trump threatened to brand China a currency manipulator. If he wants, Tramp has many weapons to wage a trade war against China. The opportunities for China to retaliate would be more limited. SHANGHAI: As a candidate, Donald Trump aimed some of his most blistering words at China+ , declaring that "we already have a trade war" and suggesting ominously that "we have the power over China+ , economic power." As president of the United States, Trump can use trade - a cornerstone of his populist rise - as a weapon, with the potential to drastically reshape the world's two largest economies, as well as the companies, industries and workers who depend on their hundreds of billions of dollars in closely linked goods. But neither side may win. Cutting off trade will not bring back the bulk of US manufacturing jobs lost to China in previous decades as it became the world's factory floor. Already, some industries that left the United States years ago, such as garment making and some light manufacturing, are now leaving China for even cheaper places. An aggressive stance with China+ also risks antagonizing an authoritarian government with its own brand of economic nationalism. Yet the unsettling reality for Beijing is that Trump has a variety of ways to get back at China+ for trade practices that he, his supporters or people in the affected industries view as unfair. China sells a large array of goods to the United States that he can aim at for higher tariffs. The opportunities for China to retaliate would be more limited. In the most basic terms, China buys less from the United States. But China could make some strategic strikes at targets like Boeing, US automakers and American farmers. Beijing exerts tight control over China's airlines, for example, and sometimes steers contracts to Airbus, Boeing's European rival, when officials feel that Washington is uncooperative. "Boeing complains, 'We have been pretty good friends with China. Why are we always a target?'" said He Weiwen, a former Chinese commerce ministry official who is now the co-director of the China-US-EU Study Center at the influential China Association of International Trade in Beijing. Or China could wreak havoc on the vast yet delicate supply chain behind a wide range of products like iPhones and auto parts. Six years ago, Chinese restrictions on exports of obscure yet vital minerals led to a global outcry by manufacturers. Early indications are that trade could take a more prominent place on the White House's China agenda, which under President Barack Obama was dominated by Beijing's territorial claims in East Asia and its influence over North Korea. In a strong signal, Trump has turned to Dan DiMicco, a longtime steel executive and trade critic, to oversee trade issues during his administration's transition. DiMicco writes a personal blog, liberally sprinkled with exclamation points, that blames America's industrial decline on cheating by trade partners, particularly China. "Hillary Clinton has claimed Trump's trade policies will start a 'Trade War' but what she fails to recognize is we are already in one," he wrote on his blog last summer. "Trump clearly sees it and he will work to put an end to China's 'Mercantilist Trade War'! A war it has been waging against us for nearly 2 decades!" China over the last two days has emphasized that a healthy relationship would benefit both sides. On Thursday, Lu Kang, a spokesman for China's Foreign Ministry, said, "It is in the common interests of both countries to develop a long-term, stable and prosperous trading relationship, and any American politician would take a policy in the interest of his country and the American people." Trump's views veer widely from the free-trade positions of the Republican Party in recent years and signal a return to the more hawkish positions of the Reagan administration, which repeatedly went after Japan on trade issues. Since President Ronald Reagan, Republican and Democratic administrations have been reluctant to confront countries that may be subsidizing or dumping exports, either because the evidence is unclear or because of a risk of damaging diplomatic or strategic relations. "This is the kind of stuff you learn in law school, and in the early days of your law career," said Alan H Price, a longtime lawyer for the American steel and aluminum industries at Wiley Rein. When used, the measures were sometimes deemed ineffective. In one rare example, Obama used his powers to impose tariffs of up to 35 percent on imports of Chinese tires soon after he took office. The tariffs prompted China to impose steep tariffs on US chicken meat and automotive products. Both countries complained to the World Trade Organization, which mostly sided with the United States. The case resulted in the United States producing more tires, but imports from other countries rose even faster. And the Obama administration later became more cautious about challenging China with trade restrictions. Any trade actions by Trump would face limits. This year, he mentioned imposing a tariff of 45 percent on all imports from China. But he later avoided specifics - and he has limited power to do so anyway. The law allows him to impose tariffs of no more than 15 percent, and for as long as 150 days, on all imports, unless a national emergency is declared. Other laws allow him to impose tariffs on targeted goods. Should Trump want to signal an aggressive stance quickly, he could move against imports of steel and aluminum from China. The Obama administration has been preparing to file a World Trade Organization case against China over claims that it subsidized aluminum exports. And the United States, Japan and the European Union already complain that Chinese government subsidies have produced a bloated domestic steel industry that they say dumps millions of tons of excess goods on world markets each year. China is more vulnerable given the sheer amount of stuff it sells to America. For more than a decade, China has consistently exported about $4 worth of goods to the United States for each $1 of goods that it imports. Exports to the US represent about 4 percent of the Chinese economy; US exports to China are only about two-thirds of 1 percent of the US economy. "We don't have many things in the toolbox for retaliation, because we export more than we import," said He, the former Chinese commerce ministry official. Still, China could inflict pain on sensitive areas that provide US jobs, like Boeing's jetliners. Boeing declined to comment except to say, "We congratulate President-elect Trump and newly elected members of Congress and look forward to working with them to make sure we continue to grow the global economy and protect our people." General Motors and Ford Motor Co, consider China a big contributor to sales. They mostly manufacture in China to supply the domestic market. But much of the design and engineering work is still done in the United States. China could hurt the automakers by adopting domestic policies that help their big European rivals, notably Volkswagen and Mercedes-Benz. Other US companies may be less opposed to trade limits than in the past. Some US companies have been struggling to sell in China. Beijing has steered contracts to Chinese telecommunications companies after Edward Snowden's revelations about US intelligence gathering in China. And Chinese state-owned enterprises have shifted much of their investment banking business from Wall Street to homegrown rivals. US farmers have welcomed Chinese purchases, but it is unclear how badly they could be hurt by any trade action. Chicken meat, soybeans, corn and other foodstuffs are commodities traded in world markets, and farmers are often able to sell elsewhere. Chinese goods have long helped keep prices down for Americans. But Chinese exports play a shrinking role in holding down prices as labor costs rise in China and as rivals like Indonesia, Vietnam and India expand manufacturing. China's biggest potential weapon is to disrupt the supply chains of multinationals by halting exports of crucial materials or components. But that could damage China's reputation as a reliable supplier. "I don't think we will go that far at the moment, because there is a lot of room to negotiate," He said. "If we are forced too much, nothing can be excluded." Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web More from The Times of India Recommended By Colombia From Around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia ViewcommentsPost a comment Comments+ Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. + All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia US ElectionsUS Election Live UpdatesUS Election NewsUS Election Results Most Popular Demonetisation: How people are using ingenious ways to hide their undeclared wealth I-T raids on jewellers, hawala ops accepting banned notes at discount Chinese investments may hurt rather than help Pakistan, say think tanks, IMF Two international think tanks have warned that Chinese investments in Pakistan will not boost the domestic economy. Instead, it will push Islamabad towards a major debt problem. After Rahul Gandhi, Arvind Kejriwal visits ATMs for photo-op Delhi CM Arvind Kejriwal visits various ATMs and Azadpur mandi to take stock of situation. Demonetisation: Rahul Gandhi urges Congress workers to help people standing in queues Congress vice president Rahul Gandhi asked party workers to help people who have queued up outside banks and ATMs From around the Web More From The Times of India Recommended By Colombia Read MoreWall Streetgeneral motorsDonald TrumpBoeingBarack Obama Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Indian-origin Kamala Harris has the potential to be the first woman President of US: Report Who called it right for Donald Trump? A professor, a filmmaker and Nassim Nicholas Taleb Donald Trump open to keeping parts of Obamacare: Report Donald Trump's immigration plan may help Indians in the US Trump's triumph: The primal scream of White America or general disaffection? Trump administration plans to revamp immigration system How a date in history links Napoleon and Trump Donald Trump returns to Twitter, irony ensues Humble Trump visits White House, promises to seek Obama's counsel 1How Donald Trump can wage a trade war against China 2Indian-origin Kamala Harris has the potential to be the first woman President of US: Report 3Who called it right for Donald Trump? A professor, a filmmaker and Nassim Nicholas Taleb 4Donald Trump open to keeping parts of Obamacare: Report 5Donald Trump's immigration plan may help Indians in the US 6Trump's triumph: The primal scream of White America or general disaffection? 7Trump administration plans to revamp immigration system 8How a date in history links Napoleon and Trump 9Donald Trump returns to Twitter, irony ensues 10Humble Trump visits White House, promises to seek Obama's counsel About us Privacy policy Newsletter Sitemap Create Your Own Ad Advertise with us Feedback TOI Mobile Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy RSS ePaper Archives Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times | इकनॉमिक टाइम्स | ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ | Pune Mirror | Bangalore Mirror | Ahmedabad Mirror | ItsMyAscent | Education Times | Brand Capital | Mumbai Mirror | Times Now | Indiatimes | नवभारत टाइम्स | महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स | ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ | Go Green | Lifehacker India | Gizmodo India | Eisamay | IGN India | NavGujarat Samay | Tamil News | Telugu News | Miss Kyra | Hindi News | FILMIPOP Hindi Living and entertainment iDiva | Entertainment | Zoom | Luxpresso | Mobile Phones | Online Songs | MensXP.com | Hotels | Travel Destinations | smartapp | Cricbuzz.com | Filmfare | Femina | Grazia | Filmipop | Bombay Times Interest Network itimes Hot on the Web Cricket News | Sunny Leone Bikini Pics | How to Get Pregnant | Latest News Services Book print ads | Online shopping | Matrimonial | Astrology | Jobs | Tech Community | Property | Buy car | Bikes in India | Deals | Free Classifieds | Used Cars | Restaurants in Delhi | Movie Show Timings | Remit to India | Listen Songs | TimesMobile | Real Estate Developers | Restaurant Deals in Delhi | Mobile Recharge | Bollywood News | Bank Exam App | iTimes Entertainment App Trending Topics Beauty Care | Recipes | Movie Reviews | Weather Today | Google Pixel Price in India | iPhone 7 Plus Review | Diwali Pooja 2016 | Bigg Boss 10 FOLLOW US ON Top Trends Bigg Boss 10 India v England 1st Test Score Black Money Cyrus Mistry New Rs2000 Note Rock On 2 Movie Review Smog in Delhi Narendra Modi's Japan visit  Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights:Times Syndication Service `
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 55° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Partly cloudy. Tonight Partly cloudy skies. Low around 45F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 5:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press President-elect Donald Trump smiles as he arrives to speak at an election night rally, Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016, in New York. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci) How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business By Jim Gallagher and Jacob Barker St. Louis Post-Dispatch Nov 14, 2016 (…) President-elect Donald Trump smiles as he arrives to speak at an election night rally, Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016, in New York. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci) The Associated Press He would cut taxes, repeal the Affordable Care Act, build roads and build walls — a real one against Mexican immigrants and a tariff wall against unfair imports. President-elect Donald Trump’s agenda for America will make a difference in the lives of many people and change the way St. Louis does business — if he can pass it. That may be difficult. Some things he wants to change, such as Obamacare and the North American Free Trade Agreement, are enshrined in law, notes Ken Warren, political science professor at St. Louis University. Trade issues, among other things, put Trump at odds with leaders of his own party. Presidents have lots of power in foreign policy, but much less authority at home, notes Warren, a scholar of the presidency. To do most important things, Trump needs to win over Congress, including some Democrats in the Senate, and a sometimes recalcitrant federal bureaucracy. “What we’ve found is that the president usually doesn’t make much of a difference,” said Warren. Here’s a rundown on what Trump wants to do and how it might affect St. Louis. Health care Trump has repeatedly promised to repeal and replace President Barack Obama’s health law, but he may find that easier said than done. Complete repealing or replacement would take 60 votes in the Senate, and the GOP will have only 51 senators on Inauguration Day. Under Senate rules, those 51 votes are enough to cut funding for Obamacare insurance subsidies and Medicaid expansion. But repealing the subsidies without repealing the law would probably cause complete collapse in the market for individual health insurance, says Tim McBride, a professor at Washington University’s Brown School of Social Work and Public Health. About 20 million people would likely lose coverage with repeal, he notes, and many of them are sick. “You’re going to start hearing horror stories,” McBride said. Defunding would also set off a “death spiral” in the individual health insurance business, says McBride, prompting cries from millions of self-employed people, early retirees and others who get no Obamacare subsidy at all. The Affordable Care Act forbids insurers from excluding sick people, or charging them more. Those restrictions would remain even if funding was cut, notes McBride. As subsidies disappear, healthy people would be more likely to drop their insurance, leaving insurers with a sicker, more expensive pool. That would cause premiums to skyrocket and insurers to abandon the market. Trump might find enough votes to change or replace the ACA, rather than repeal it. “You’re going to see a willingness on the part of many of us to work with President Trump, as long as he has a replacement” for the law, said Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo. Trump on Friday indicated that he would be amenable to a deal. “Either Obamacare will be amended, or repealed and replaced,” Trump said. In an interview with the Wall Street Journal, he said he wants to keep the prohibition on denying insurance coverage because of pre-existing conditions and the ability of parents to keep adult children on their company insurance plans. Any replacement must make sure that people with pre-existing conditions can still get coverage, McCaskill said. “I don’t want to go back to the days when everybody was at the mercy of the insurance companies,” she said. Outright repeal would prompt howls from the politically influential medical establishment, which would lose a way of getting paid. That means more cost-shifting, said Mike Peters, vice president for government affairs at Chesterfield-based Mercy Health. “If you have individuals that are treated without any form of payment, the cost of operating that facility is shifted onto the patients who have the ability to pay,” he said. So premiums for employer-sponsored insurance could rise. One major local employer — Centene Corp. of Clayton — has already taken a hit. Centene, which manages Medicaid programs for the states, has seen its stock slide 24 percent since the election. The ACA greatly expanded Medicaid coverage in 32 states that agreed to participate, providing work for Centene. Missouri opted out. McBride, who consults with Congress on rural health issues, says Republicans in Congress understand the danger in repealing the ACA, and will likely try to work out compromises to bring enough Senate Democrats along. “They say they want to dismantle it, but they’ll tweak it,” predicts Warren, the political scientist. “They are not going to cause chaos by doing away with it.” Trump has been vague about what might replace Obamacare. He favors health savings accounts, which are usually coupled with high-deductible health plans. His “contract” with voters also favors allowing people to buy insurance across state lines and giving states more freedom to manage how they spend Medicaid money. That fits with a broader plan issued by GOP House leadership in June. That plan, called “A Better Way,” would remove many requirements on what insurers must cover. Insurers could also charge more to people with pre-existing conditions. People who don’t get coverage at work would get subsidies to buy plans on the open market. The government would also subsidize high-risk insurance pools for those who can’t get other coverage. Republicans would give states a set amount of money to pay for Medicaid, which would limit the cost of the insurance program for the poor. But states would get more freedom in how to spend it. Trade St. Louis buys from the world and sells to it — and Trump may influence both. Trump made trade a major issue, blaming the North American Free Trade Agreement for causing “devastation” in the Midwest. He wants to renegotiate the deal and cancel it if Canada and Mexico won’t go along. He pledged to brand China a currency manipulator, and has threatened tariffs of 45 percent on Chinese imports and 35 percent on some Mexican products. His complaints might resonate with roughly 1,500 workers who were laid off early this year from United States Steel’s Granite City Works. The big steelmaker cited unfairly cheap imports from Asia as one reason for the mill’s partial shutdown, although a fall in demand for steel pipe from the suffering U.S. oil industry was a major cause. Jefferies, an investment firm, upgraded U.S. Steel stock to a buy after the vote, saying it should benefit from Trump’s trade policies. The Obama administration has been listening to Big Steel. The industry’s victory in an anti-dumping case last spring saved nearly 500 jobs at the Granite City mill. U.S. Steel kept its finishing line open because the government imposed penalties on Asian imports, noted Dan Simmons, president of United Steelworkers Local 1899 in Granite City. Simmons wonders if Trump can really succeed in cracking down on unfair imports, noting that Republicans in Congress tend to support free trade agreements. While steel suffers, other St. Louis companies live by exporting. Local firms shipped $8.9 billion in products abroad last year, with $3.5 billion of that shipped to Canada and Mexico, partners in the NAFTA accord, according to the Commerce Department. Exports worth $4.4 billion went to Asian nations covered under the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership trade pact, which Trump opposes. Chemicals are the metro area’s biggest export, followed by electronics, transportation equipment and machinery. Any move to boost U.S. tariffs would bring “very quick and very decisive retaliation” from foreign nations, says Paul Christopher, head global market strategist at Wells Fargo Investment Institute. “That’s going to be a real problem if President-elect Trump is serious about trade restrictions.” “If he begins to get in a trade war with a lot of countries, American jobs will suffer,” McCaskill said. “We really don’t know what he means because he has said so many different things.” That worries David Shogren, CEO of U.S. International Foods in Grand Center. The tiny company exports American food products to China, and a trade war would hurt his business. “I was in China last week and talked to a lot of customers about nuts,” he said. The Chinese can buy cheaper nuts from Vietnam than from him because a trade agreement lowers tariffs between those nations. “The U.S. is on the outside looking in,” he said. “I’m quite concerned because his rhetoric has been so anti-China and anti-trade.” Boeing Co., one of the region’s biggest exporters, might feel both pain and gain from Trump policies. It builds fighter jets in St. Louis, both for the Department of Defense and for export to Australia and the Middle East. Boeing, which employs nearly 15,000 people in metro St. Louis, just finished a new plant in north St. Louis County to make wing parts for its new 777X airliner. Trump’s plan to boost defense spending might aide Boeing on one side of its business, while a trade war would hurt its commercial sales. Some of the 777X planes would be sold to Iran under a recent agreement. During the campaign, a Trump press release complained about the Iran sale, saying that “the world’s largest state sponsor of terror would not have been allowed to enter into these negotiations with Boeing without Clinton’s disastrous Iran Nuclear Deal.” The GOP-led House has also moved to block the sale. Taxes Prospects for tax reform seem bright under Donald Trump. House Republicans were working on their own tax cut plan before the election, and some Democrats find it hard to oppose lower taxes. Trump would reduce the number of tax brackets for individuals from seven to three — 12, 25 and 33 percent — along with much higher standard deductions. The corporate tax rate would fall from 35 to 15 percent. The middle class would see lower tax bills. Trump’s campaign estimated that a middle-class family would see a 35 percent tax cut, including new deductions for child and elder care. But other analysts note that the largest cuts would go to the wealthy. They would see their top marginal bracket fall from 39 percent to 33 percent. The Tax Policy Center at the Brookings Institution estimates that a typical middle-income family would see a cut of $1,010 or 1.8 percent of after-tax income. The poorest taxpayers would save $110. The richest 0.01 percent of Americans, with incomes over, $3.7 million, would get a $1.1 million tax cut, equaling 14 percent of income. Democrats are anxious to point out the difference. “If he has a tax plan that takes care of him and his friends, he will have a great deal of trouble getting it through Congress,” McCaskill said. She noted that House Speaker Paul Ryan has his own tax plan, “and it’s not the same.” The Trump plan would cut federal revenue, raising the national debt, but there is debate over how much. The Tax Policy Center puts the lost revenue at $6.2 trillion over 10 years. The more conservative Tax Foundation gets a lower number by assuming that tax cuts will stimulate the economy and put more people to work. The foundation sees the revenue loss at $2.6 trillion to $3.9 trillion. Trump also would allow multinational companies to bring home their foreign profits from abroad at a 10 percent tax rate. That could provide a one-time revenue bonus that might be used to fund an infrastructure stimulus plan. Still, big tax cuts, along with an infrastructure plan, would expand the national debt, which might draw opposition from Trump’s own party “He doesn’t strike me as a fiscal conservative,” McCaskill said. “He strikes me as an opportunist.” Environment, energy The prospects for Obama’s landmark climate regulation, the Clean Power Plan, appear dim under President Trump, who has called global warming a hoax. For the coal-reliant St. Louis region, efforts to mitigate carbon emissions hold big consequences. Two of the world’s largest coal companies — Peabody Energy and Arch Coal — are based here, and both filed for bankruptcy earlier as demand for the fuel fell among power plant operators and steelmakers. Ameren Missouri generates about three-fourths of its electricity from coal-fired power plants that ring the metro area. A Trump appointment to the Supreme Court could certainly lead to the plan being struck down, and then the U.S. will struggle to meet its commitments under the Paris climate agreement reached last year. That in turn could make other large nations less willing to tame carbon emissions, especially if Trump follows through on statements that the U.S. won’t pay to help poor countries, like India, meet climate targets. “This election outcome is not good news for environmental policy,” said Bill Lowry, a political science professor at Washington University who focuses on the environment. “I think the Clean Power Plan … is probably history. And I think the Paris Agreement is in a lot of trouble.” While coal backers seemed jubilant — Peabody Energy shares jumped 50 percent Wednesday morning, even though the company remains in bankruptcy — a Trump presidency can’t reverse broader economic pressures facing the industry. “No, there will not be a bunch of new coal plants being built just based on this election,” said Andy Smith, an analyst at Edward Jones who follows utilities. Utilities look decades into the future to make decisions, and much of coal’s woes have been driven by cheap natural gas and more competitive pricing on wind and solar energy. Ameren, for instance, doesn’t plan to retire its Meramec coal plant in south St. Louis County until early next decade, and its long-term plans call for a new natural gas plant and wind and solar generation, not coal. Peabody, for its part, said its strategy remains the same: focus on the development and funding of high-efficiency, low-emission coal power plants and carbon capture technologies that would make coal viable for the long term. That being said, Peabody spokesman Vic Svec says, “It’s good to see coal being recognized as an essential part of the energy mix.” Urban policy Like most of the Rust Belt, St. Louis has spent years working to revitalize an urban core hollowed out by suburbanization and deindustrialization. Federal support for cities has been falling for decades, although the Obama administration has brought new attention to urbanism, launching several pilot programs that St. Louis seemed poised to benefit from. Trump’s support largely came from unexpectedly high turnout in rural areas, and city voters across the country largely backed Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton. If traditional political calculus holds, cities may be not be a high priority under the president-elect. “You reward your base,” said Todd Swanstrom, a professor of public policy at the University of Missouri-St. Louis who focuses on urban issues. “He’s not going to send resources to cities per se, but that’s a generalization.” Trump has called for more tax incentives to spur inner-city development, and has said he wants to ease access to bank credit for blacks trying to start businesses in urban areas. However, he will be working with a Congress dominated by traditional conservatives who often hail from nonurban areas. They aren’t likely to allow deficits to explode if Trump pushes for large tax cuts and a big infrastructure spending bill. When Republicans control the White House and Congress, funding for cities through Housing and Urban Development has suffered in order to make room for tax cuts, said Sarah Coffin, a professor of urban planning and development at SLU. “What I would expect to see happening is a lot of that stuff will be shifted back to a block grant approach, which is much easier to whittle away at to make room in your budget,” she said. “They’re going to have to be much more resilient at the local level figuring out how to do more with less.” Areas most ravaged by the loss of jobs and investment — north St. Louis and north St. Louis County — have been included in a federal “Promise Zone” that moves St. Louis and local organizations up in line for federal grants. And the city was recently named a finalist for a federal Choice Neighborhoods grant that could pump $30 million, and leverage millions more, into neighborhoods north of downtown near the planned new western headquarters of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. “They were kind of pilot programs that if there were a Democratic and urban majority in Congress, I would have expected them to be expanded,” Swanstrom said. “There’s not going to be much time left. So I fear that St. Louis is going to lose out, because we were really looking good for Choice.” Trump has also called for additional funding for police, which could mean more money for police departments. St. Louis has struggled to find money for additional police officers to help manage an uptick in the homicide rate over the last two years. What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives See how St. Louis stocks are faring Coffin said police funding needs to include money for training if cities across the country hope to better connect with and police black communities that have grown increasingly estranged from law enforcement in the wake of high-profile police shootings. “Will this money only be used to buy police cars and to buy riot gear and to hire police officers?” Coffin said. Infrastructure One of Trump’s campaign promises has been a call for a massive, $1 trillion infrastructure spending bill. That has some regional leaders hopeful an older postindustrial city like St. Louis will be able to fund some big priorities. “We’re encouraged by the words of the president-elect, and I think it could be a very good thing for our region,” said Bi-State Development President and CEO John Nations. Bi-State operates public transit in the region and coordinates the new St. Louis Regional Freightway, which aims to boost St. Louis’ standing as a logistics hub. The Freightway’s infrastructure priorities include replacing the Interstate 270 bridge over the Mississippi River and widening the highway there to six lanes. The top priority to boost the region’s freight capacity is replacing the 128-year-old Merchant’s Bridge rail crossing, which Nations called “a bottleneck to growth.” Only one train can cross the bridge at a time because of its age, and demand is high to move goods across the Mississippi River. A big boost in infrastructure spending that appears to have a chance with Republican control of Washington “could be particularly good news here in St. Louis as we work on the St. Louis Regional Freightway,” he said. Prospects are less clear on another big project regional officials have rallied behind: a new MetroLink line that bisects St. Louis north to south. The Federal Transit Administration, which awarded Bi-State a $375,000 planning grant for the line last month, sent its top leader to St. Louis earlier this month to tour the area with Mayor Francis Slay. Whether the feds will continue an interest in funding public transit under a Trump administration is unknown. “I think the odds of that just went way down,” said Swanstrom, the UMSL professor. “I will say this: We don’t know his views on public transit.” Nations agrees it’s too early to know what a Trump administration will do for public transit. He recalled that under former President Bill Clinton, a Democrat, federal funds that helped public transit systems pay for operations stopped and instead shifted to paying for capital projects. Nations said federal funding will be necessary to cover some of the projected $2 billion cost of a new line. A St. Louis County ordinance requires federal help before local funds are used in an expansion, he said. Because the state of Missouri doesn’t fund public transit at all, Nations adds, “we have to be concerned every year, regardless of who the president is and who the administration is.” Republican Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has already said Trump’s infrastructure plan won’t be a top priority. “The question is, can he get Republican votes?” McCaskill said. “They were not interested in funding infrastructure under President Obama.” Corporate mergers Donald Trump railed against the proposed merger of AT&T and Time Warner on the campaign trail. With corporate consolidation growing and increasing concerns from some economists over a lack of competition and innovation due to the domination of business behemoths, might a new Trump administration be pushed by his populist followers to take a harder line on mega-mergers? “We’re at the beginning of something significant that could happen with Trump in terms of this populism,” said Maurice Stucke, a law professor at the University of Tennessee at Knoxville who worked in the antitrust division of the Justice Department. “You might have antitrust enforcement like under Teddy Roosevelt, a Republican appealing to a populist base.” St. Louis is no stranger to the effects of major tie-ups: InBev’s purchase of Anheuser-Busch in 2008 cost the city corporate jobs and its status as a national node of advertising talent. American Airlines’ acquisition of TWA in 2001 cost Lambert-St. Louis International Airport its hub status. “That has taken a toll on the St. Louis community,” Stucke said. Hundreds more jobs are projected to vanish when TD Ameritrade buys Town and Country-based Scottrade. Also concerning for the region’s standing as an agriculture technology hub is the loss of Monsanto’s headquarters if Bayer wins regulatory approval to buy the Creve Coeur ag giant. With two other mega-mergers — Dow combining with DuPont and ChemChina acquiring Syngenta — the agriculture sector is poised to be dominated by just three companies. Stucke thinks Trump’s rural base may be skeptical, and he may face backlash if he gives the mergers a green light. “If he takes that route, and two years from now they have midterm elections, what’s the change? What’s the hope, what’s the change he’s offering to his populist base?” Stucke said. The Obama Justice Department has already sued to block two giant insurance mergers: Anthem’s acquisition of Cigna and Aetna’s takeover of Humana. If Republicans are serious about rolling back Obamacare, they need to retain a competitive market, said Tim Greaney, a law professor at SLU who studies antitrust law and health care. “If you want to create vouchers for Medicare, you better have a competitive marketplace where consumers can buy health care,” he said. “It would be flatly inconsistent with the market-based alternatives that they’d apparently be considering to put the brakes on antitrust.” Republicans are traditionally more friendly to business leaders and Wall Street, which backs mergers, but the two experts agreed that Trump’s actual philosophy is unknown. It will all depend on whom he appoints to the Federal Trade Commission and the Justice Department. “It’s going to take strong intellectual leadership,” Stucke said. Immigration Perhaps Trump’s most famous campaign promise was to build a wall on the border with Mexico and deport millions of illegal immigrants. “While there was a lot of rhetoric about immigration, the truth of the matter is some of his really large flagship proposals would be difficult if not impossible to do,” said Anna Crosslin, president and CEO of the International Institute of St. Louis, which offers adjustment services to refugees and immigrants. Larger deportations, if they do happen, “would probably impact cities besides St. Louis more dramatically because they have larger” numbers of undocumented immigrants, Crosslin said. However, St. Louis has benefited from refugee programs that could be scaled back under Trump. Bosnians helped repopulate neighborhoods in south St. Louis and have become a major part of the region’s cultural fabric after arriving here by the thousands in the 1990s. The refugee crisis stemming from the Syrian civil war has led to about 271 Syrians settling in St. Louis, Crosslin said. Overall, St. Louis took in about 1,024 refugees last year after the Obama administration upped the number it said the country would accept to 85,000. Trump has called for “extreme vetting” of Syrian refugees over concerns about terrorism, walking back his earlier proposal to ban Muslim immigrants. St. Louis gets a little more than 1 percent of refugees allowed into the country because the region has more room than many large metropolitan areas, Crosslin said. Trump could cut back by tens of thousands the number of refugees allowed into the U.S., which Obama planned to increase to 110,000 over the next year. That could limit population growth and the associated demand that comes with it in a region that sorely needs it for economic growth, Crosslin said. “They are also an important source of new population to a city that has struggled from depopulation since 1950 or so,” Crosslin said. “It’s not just St. Louis. It’s Cleveland and Dayton (Ohio) and Detroit and Philadelphia and all of these former Rust Belt cities that are looking to reinvent themselves using the knowledge and talents of a multicultural workforce.” Samantha Liss of the Post-Dispatch contributed to this report. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Jim Gallagher • 314-340-8390 jgallagher@post-dispatch.com @JimGallagher14 on Twitter Jacob Barker • 314-340-8291 @jacobbarker on Twitter jbarker@post-dispatch.com President-elect Donald Trump smiles as he arrives to speak at an election night rally, Wednesday, Nov. 9, 2016, in New York. (AP Photo/ Evan Vucci) The Associated Press Tags Company Donald Trump Jim Gallagher Follow Jim Gallagher Close Get email notifications on Jim Gallagher daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jim Gallagher posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jim Gallagher Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Jacob Barker Jacob Barker is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Follow Jacob Barker Close Get email notifications on Jacob Barker daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Jacob Barker posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Jacob Barker Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Most popular How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis Plans for St. Peters shopping center advance Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license GM to lay off 2,000 workers at plants in Michigan and Ohio Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Clayton poised to approve $75 million in tax breaks for Centene headquarters Post-Dispatch wins 3 Lee President's Awards Wells Fargo to roll out robo advice Dow ends at record high, stocks lifted by tech, energy Health-care text-messaging frim wins $50,000 Washington Univeristy startup award Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Society Defence Boeing reaches out to Indian companies, seeks collaboration in Unmanned Aircraft System The Indian Armed Forces have a huge requirement of Unmanned Aircraft System for intelligence gathering and surveillance activities. Aditya Bhat   November 12, 2016 11:55 IST Boeing Insitu offering ScanEagle for Indian Navy. In Picture: -ScanEagle UAV sits on the catapult prior to launch in Iraq.Wiki Commons/ Gunnery Sergeant Shannon Arledge, United States Marine Corps Boeing is trying to make the most of PM Modi's "Make in India" initiative as it seeks collaboration on Unmanned Aircraft System (UAS) with several Indian companies. The company has reached out to several Indian companies, including small and medium-sized firms. The Indian Armed Forces have a huge requirement of UAS for different missions, and the Indian Navy not only has to secure and protect the over 7,500 km coastline, but also has to patrol the Indian Ocean Region. The navy wants to add multipliers to its naval assets and UAS. Why advertise with us? Related India-US defence, strategic relationship could evolve further under Trump Why the Russians and Chinese must fear this jacked-up US warplane "We had discussions with a number of Indian companies on what could be possible to support our make and buy Indian (products). We are working with different companies. We are meeting with some of the larger ones that we typically expect, but we are also interested in small to medium scale industries," said Brad Jeisman, senior business development manager of Insitu Pacific, PTI reported. Insitu Pacific, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Boeing, is known to build UAS, apart from Remotely Piloted Aircraft Systems (RPAS), Unattended Ground Sensors (UGS) and Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGVs). It is known to supply them to Australia and other Asia-Pacific countries. Previously, Boeing had announced its joint venture with Tata Advanced System Ltd (TASL) known as Tata Boeing Aerospace Limited (TBAL). Boeing is offering ScanEagle, a small and long-endurance unmanned aerial vehicle, which can provide images and live video feed on land or at sea. It has an endurance of over 24 hours and can climb 15,000 feet as well as function in low altitudes. The ScanEagle has a modular design that supports system upgrades, which includes expanded payload options, fully digital video system, provides an environment of reduced electro-magnetic interference and improved navigation system. It can be launched autonomously by a catapult launcher. It flies preprogrammed and operator-initiated missions and its retrieval is via patented SkyHook recovery system, the official website noted. The system is in operation with US Navy and several navies across the world. Meanwhile, Boeing and Mahindra Defence Systems on Friday announced the opening of a centre in Gurgaon to provide C-17 training services to the Indian Air Force (IAF). This centre is capable of undertaking local and multi-site simulations, boosting training and realism. Also read Has Boeing just shown us the warplane of the future? IAF's new titan, the C-17 Globemaster showcases performance in Mechuka landing Quick Links India Post Comment IBT TV Close Who is Steve Bannon? ‘The most dangerous political operative in America’ Why advertise with us? Latest News Janardhan Reddy's daughter Brahmani's wedding: 10 things you need to know about big fat Reddy marriage 6 hours ago By Shekhar H Hooli Russian teen lovers commit suicide after police shoot-out 6 hours ago By Admin Editor's Pick Soon, Google Toilet Locator to help you find loos across India! REVEALED! Britain officially has no clue what to do after Brexit Why advertise with us? most popular Did Twitterati just reveal that Rs 2,000 notes were printed months before currency crisis? Urjit Patel took charge as the 24th RBI governor on September 6. Now, fake Rs 2,000 notes surface in Telangana; 2 youths booked The incident comes merely days after a case was registered in Karnataka against an individual for circulating a colour photocopy of the new note. Was a UFO spotted in the skies over Peru? Some 'experts' think so Footage of the 'burning UFO' appeared on a Peruvian news site, but there has been no confirmation what the object was Narendra Modi, as Gujarat CM, took Rs 25 crore from Aditya Birla Group in 2012, alleges Arvind Kejriwal Kejriwal said for the first time in India, a sitting prime minister's name has come up in black money transactions. Exclusive: Soon, Google Toilet Locator to help you find loos across India! Get the details here The facility on Google Maps will be piloted in the National Capital Region starting some time from November 16 to November 30. Gujarat diamond merchant denies rumours of surrendering Rs 6,000 crore cash Laljibhai Patel had purchased PM Modi's suit auctioned last year for Rs 4.3 crore. Daily currency exchange, ATM withdrawal limits increased as banks start releasing new Rs 500 notes Banks have seen deposits of about Rs 3 lakh crore of old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes since they were scrapped as legal tender. ATMs to start dispensing Rs 2,000 notes from today or tomorrow: DEA Secretary Shaktikanta Das The withdrawal limit has been increased to Rs 2,500 in ATMs that have been recalibrated to dispense new Rs 2,000 and Rs 500 notes. Photo Gallery People across India queue up outside banks People are turning restless, as their wait in the serpentine queues to deposit, exchange or withdraw money from banks and ATMs since the scrapping of high-value currency notes is turning out to be really long. Anu Malik, Farah Khan at Indian Idol Season 7 press conference Music Director Anu Malik and Director and Choreographer Farah Khan during a press conference regarding Indian Idol Season 7 in Kolkata on Nov 14, 2016. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
MARKETPLACES: Homes Milestones Directory Garage Sales Corridor Car Corridor Careers Here's the Deal Classifieds Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Election 2016 Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS GARAGE SALES CORRIDOR CAR CORRIDOR CAREERS LOCAL DIRECTORY The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Hateful note taped to door of Iowa City family Cedar Rapids officials release statement in advance of planned council meeting protest Prairie Hawks open practice with former Iowa Hawkeye Brent Metcalf as an assistant Jerime Mitchell’s allies take case to Cedar Rapids council State-owned Honey Creek Resort loses money All Hawkeyes’ helmets are present and accounted for State-owned Honey Creek Resort loses money C.R. RoughRiders bring in Estonian forward Robert Arrak Gutting of Dodd-Frank may leave protections for whistleblowers Betting the farm and losing Engine explosion on Boeing 767 poses puzzle GE, safety agencies work to find, correct problem Video Photo Soot covers the fuselage of an American Airlines jet that blew a tire, sparking a fire and prompting the pilot to abort takeoff before passengers were evacuated from the plane via emergency chute, at O’Hare International Airport in Chicago, Illinois, U.S.October 28, 2016. REUTERS/Jim Young The Seattle Times Nov 11, 2016 at 6:00 pm | Print View The nearly catastrophic explosion of an engine that caused a fire on an American Airlines Boeing 767 just short of takeoff in Chicago on Oct. 28 occurred when a specific part that had never before failed broke into pieces. The breakup of a heavy metal disk that rotates in the engine core reveals a new risk to airline passengers that, however rare, has already spurred a scramble by engine-maker General Electric and government safety agencies to find and fix the vulnerability. “The risk will be eliminated,” said John Goglia, a former National Transportation Safety Board member with more than 40 years’ experience in the aviation-safety industry. “Will it be eliminated before the next one? That’s the real question. Everything relies upon the timeliness of the system to correct itself.” American Airlines Flight 383 to Miami was speeding down the runway at O’Hare International Airport in Chicago when the second-stage disk of the high-pressure turbine broke apart inside the right engine with a loud explosion that blew metal shrapnel out through the engine casing. Hot metal ripped through the wing, igniting aviation fuel. Slamming on the brakes as the jet reached a speed of 154 miles per hour, the pilot brought the plane to a halt within 25 seconds and 900 yards further down the runway. Moving quickly, the cabin staff evacuated all 161 passengers and nine crew using the escape slides on the undamaged left side of the aircraft. Twenty people suffered minor injuries. GE spokesman Rick Kennedy stresses the reliability of the CF6 engine involved. The latest models, introduced in the 1980s, currently power about 4,000 widebody jets, including Boeing 767s, 747s and Airbus A330s, and have flown for more than 220 million hours. “The CF6 is the workhorse engine of jumbo jets on a level never experienced before,” Kennedy said. The NTSB said one piece of the broken disk went through the right wing, then arced high over the airplane and came crashing through the roof of a UPS warehouse almost 1,000 yards away. “Any time a turbine disk fails, it’s a big deal,” said Goglia. Your next Nation & World articles North Dakota sheriff investigates report ... Dodge truck owners accuse Chrysler of Vo ... Feds call for more review of Dakota Acce ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Corridor Careers Garage Sales Corridor Car Here's The Deal Classifieds Fusionfarm Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics Elections 2016 The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Local Deals Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Rentals Place an ad Opinion Extra November 13, 2016 6:00 PM How Boeing is helping fight SC obesity epidemic One way schools are working to fight the obesity epidemic is by planting school gardens such as the one at the Grand Strand’s Burgess Elementary School, where students raise fresh produce that is incorporated into school lunches. Charles Slate cslate@thesunnews.com i Janice Key Guest Columnist LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Columbia, SC Study after study shows a clear link between the health of our kids and their educational success. That’s not just because kids who are obese are more likely to suffer from chronic health conditions such as asthma or diabetes, which can keep them home during the school year. Obesity also has an impact on a child’s self-esteem. And whether they are overweight or not, kids who are active and eat healthy meals are better students. __________ How one Columbia school changed itself to fight off childhood obesity Why our kids are out of shape and African kids are the fittest __________ So when the Center for Disease Control and Prevention released its National Survey of Children’s Health in 2011 showing that South Carolina had the second highest rate of childhood obesity in the nation, it was clear that we had a lot of work to do as a state. Today, thanks to the Medical University of South Carolina’s Boeing Center for Children’s Wellness and schools across South Carolina, we are tackling this problem. Working together, we have created a school wellness checklist to help schools institute evidence-based strategies and policy recommendations on everything from increasing the amount of physical activity students get each day to helping school lunch programs create more nutritious menus. During the past school year alone, 243 schools serving more than S.C. 160,000 students participated in this effort. During the past school year alone, 243 schools serving more than 160,000 students participated in this effort. One hundred ten of those schools have planted school gardens as part of the farm-to-school initiative. This program incorporates hands-on learning with cooking classes and school gardening activities. Student participants not only learn about healthy living, but also have higher math and science test scores than their peers. This year, we are working to expand this program to serve even more students. The programs that started in Charleston now serve 15 school districts in South Carolina as well as 25 schools in Pottstown, Pa. Our program recently achieved national recognition by receiving the 2016 Wellness Frontiers Award from the Healthcare Leadership Council. None of this could have happened without Boeing’s support. And it is just one of the many partnerships the company has created to help build a better South Carolina. One that helps improve our kids’ health and allows the Palmetto State’s youth to achieve their potential. When Bill Boeing started the company in 1916, he recognized that investing in the community would pay dividends in the long-term and was the right thing to do. When Bill Boeing started the company in 1916, he recognized that investing in the community would pay dividends in the long-term and was the right thing to do. That’s why he paid for the University of Washington to build a wind tunnel to test airplanes and helped the school create a new program focused on the science of aeronautics. And it’s why Boeing helped establish the Center for Children’s Wellness at MUSC. Since 2010, Boeing has donated $4 million to help the center promote health and wellness in schools across South Carolina, with the goal of reducing childhood obesity. That’s not going to show up in anyone’s quarterly earnings report. But over the long haul, it will help ensure our state has a strong, educated workforce. And that creates new opportunities for S.C. businesses including Boeing to grow and thrive — just what the company will need as it kicks off its second 100 years of innovation. Dr. Key is director of the Boeing Center for Children’s Wellness and director of adolescent medicine at the Medical University of South Carolina; contact her at keyj@musc.edu. Dr Janice Key i Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Opinion Extra Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:14 Firefighters having 'difficulty' containing South Mountains State Park wildfire in NC Pause 3:01 Will Muschamp previews Western Carolina, USC's Senior Day 1:02 Muschamp: Lattimore 'will continue to climb in the coaching profession' 1:59 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline 1:02 700 feet of boardwalk + Hurricane Matthew = long day 1:56 Chad Holbrook on Brandon McIlwain's future with baseball team 2:02 Perry Orth passionate about what his USC legacy should be 2:13 South Carolina man dubbed "the fastest deer skinner around" 4:33 Dawn Staley wraps Ohio State win 2:12 Kassy Alia draws strength from support Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 hours ago Deputies enlist businesses to fight drugs and other illegal activity 1:34 3 hours ago Deputies enlist businesses to fight drugs and other illegal activity 9:33 3 hours ago Dabo Swinney previews Clemson vs. Wake Forest 3:01 3 hours ago Will Muschamp previews Western Carolina, USC's Senior Day View more video Opinion Extra Trump’s anti-intelligentsia revolution The house that Obama built Editorials from across South Carolina: SC Retirement System, secret search warrants, presidential election Election over: Can we get our friends back now? How Boeing is helping fight SC obesity epidemic Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null

null
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Wed,  16 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 8.50   0.00 0.00%   AAMRATECH 26.50   0.50 1.92%   ABB1STMF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 17.20   0.00 0.00%   ACI   -0.90   ACIFORMULA 158.70   7.20 4.75%   ACMELAB 105.00   -0.90 -0.85%   ACTIVEFINE 39.30   1.40 3.69%   AFCAGRO 46.00   2.20 5.02%   AFTABAUTO 54.60   4.20 8.33%   AGNISYSL 18.60   0.70 3.91%   AGRANINS 17.50   1.00 6.06%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   0.00 0.00%   AL-HAJTEX 94.20   -1.90 -1.98%   ALARABANK 14.90   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 8.70   0.00 0.00%   AMANFEED 77.30   -0.40 -0.51%   AMBEEPHA 422.20   -14.90 -3.41%   AMCL(PRAN) 199.20   -0.60 -0.30%   ANLIMAYARN 26.90   0.90 3.46%   ANWARGALV 67.30   0.50 0.75%   APEXFOODS 142.80   -3.10 -2.12%   APEXFOOT 368.10   2.00 0.55%   APEXSPINN 121.00   -3.00 -2.42%   APEXTANRY 128.00   -0.10 -0.08%   APOLOISPAT 16.20   0.30 1.89%   ARAMIT 351.60   -2.20 -0.62%   ARAMITCEM 30.00   -0.10 -0.33%   ARGONDENIM 27.20   1.50 5.84%   ASIAINS 16.40   0.40 2.50%   ASIAPACINS 16.30   0.40 2.52%   ATCSLGF 10.30   0.00 0.00%   ATLASBANG 113.60   0.50 0.44%   AZIZPIPES 68.40   3.00 4.59%   BANGAS 103.90   1.00 0.97%   BANKASIA 17.60   0.40 2.33%   BARKAPOWER 29.90   0.50 1.70%   BATASHOE 1180.00   8.60 0.73%   BATBC   2.90   BAYLEASING 20.30   0.70 3.57%   BBS   0.60   BDAUTOCA 68.00   -0.50 -0.73%   BDCOM   0.60   BDFINANCE 10.20   0.60 6.25%   BDLAMPS 173.40   2.60 1.52%   BDTHAI 22.90   1.10 5.05%   BEACHHATCH 8.50   -0.10 -1.16%   BEACONPHAR 19.20   0.30 1.59%   BENGALWTL 38.00   -0.80 -2.06%   BERGERPBL 2400.00   18.80 0.79%   BEXIMCO 22.40   0.60 2.75%   BGIC   0.00   BIFC   -0.10   BNICL   0.40   BRACBANK 65.90   -0.10 -0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1030.00   0.00 0.00%   BSC   12.40   BSCCL   -1.70   BSRMLTD 141.00   0.40 0.28%   BSRMSTEEL 94.80   0.60 0.64%   BXPHARMA 82.00   -0.20 -0.24%   BXSYNTH 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   CENTRALINS 16.00   0.20 1.27%   CENTRALPHL 14.00   -0.50 -3.45%   CITYBANK 23.40   0.00 0.00%   CITYGENINS 14.80   0.60 4.23%   CMCKAMAL 13.90   0.60 4.51%   CNATEX 7.80   0.20 2.63%   CONFIDCEM 116.00   -4.30 -3.57%   CONTININS 16.40   0.30 1.86%   CVOPRL 193.50   6.40 3.42%   DACCADYE 6.70   -0.10 -1.47%   DAFODILCOM 34.50   0.10 0.29%   DBH   -0.10   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 96.20   0.10 0.10%   DELTASPINN 8.60   0.10 1.18%   DESCO   -1.30   DESHBANDHU 8.60   0.70 8.86%   DHAKABANK 16.10   0.10 0.63%   DHAKAINS 18.80   1.30 7.43%   DOREENPWR 112.80   -6.20 -5.21%   DSHGARME 364.80   14.90 4.26%   DSSL   0.10   DUTCHBANGL 107.30   0.60 0.56%   EASTERNINS 23.90   0.40 1.70%   EASTLAND 20.20   0.40 2.02%   EASTRNLUB 900.00   -20.50 -2.23%   EBL   0.00   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   ECABLES 145.20   -0.50 -0.34%   EHL   1.70   EMERALDOIL 34.70   3.10 9.81%   ENVOYTEX 36.70   -2.30 -5.90%   ETL   0.60   EXIM1STMF 6.50   0.00 0.00%   EXIMBANK 10.30   0.20 1.98%   FAMILYTEX 7.70   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 19.30   0.20 1.05%   FAREASTFIN 9.60   0.20 2.13%   FAREASTLIF 62.80   -0.10 -0.16%   FASFIN 11.30   0.50 4.63%   FBFIF   0.10   FEDERALINS 10.00   0.00 0.00%   FEKDIL 22.90   0.70 3.15%   FINEFOODS 20.00   -0.90 -4.31%   FIRSTFIN 6.90   -0.10 -1.43%   FIRSTSBANK 11.70   0.20 1.74%   FORTUNE 42.90   -1.20 -2.72%   FUWANGFOOD 12.40   -0.30 -2.36%   GBBPOWER 14.70   0.10 0.68%   GEMINISEA 791.00   -1.80 -0.23%   GENNEXT 6.90   0.20 2.99%   GHAIL   0.20   GHCL   -3.50   GLAXOSMITH 1600.00   34.00 2.17%   GLOBALINS 12.50   0.20 1.63%   GOLDENSON 15.50   -1.10 -6.63%   GP   -0.90   GPHISPAT 29.20   0.30 1.04%   GQBALLPEN 69.70   1.80 2.65%   GRAMEENS2 10.30   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELMF 6.80   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 47.00   0.30 0.64%   GSPFINANCE 20.00   0.60 3.09%   HAKKANIPUL 43.00   -1.10 -2.49%   HEIDELBCEM 546.00   -0.60 -0.11%   HFL   -0.20   HRTEX   0.70   HWAWELLTEX 35.60   0.40 1.14%   IBBLPBOND 980.00   12.00 1.24%   IBNSINA 218.60   0.90 0.41%   ICB   -6.00   ICB1STNRB 18.70   0.20 1.08%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 4.50   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.20   0.00 0.00%   ICBEPMF1S1 5.80   -0.10 -1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.10   0.20 5.13%   ICBSONALI1 6.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   1.50   IFADAUTOS 74.60   -1.50 -1.97%   IFIC   0.20   IFIC1STMF 4.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   ILFSL   0.30   IMAMBUTTON 11.10   -0.30 -2.63%   INTECH 11.60   -0.60 -4.92%   IPDC   1.90   ISLAMIBANK 29.20   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMICFIN 15.50   0.70 4.73%   ISLAMIINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   ISNLTD 12.50   -0.20 -1.57%   ITC   -3.40   JAMUNABANK 14.70   0.30 2.08%   JAMUNAOIL 194.50   0.40 0.21%   JANATAINS 12.50   0.40 3.31%   JMISMDL 154.00   2.60 1.72%   JUTESPINN 54.00   -2.10 -3.74%   KARNAPHULI 13.80   0.40 2.99%   KAY&QUE 31.50   0.60 1.94%   KBPPWBIL 17.70   0.50 2.91%   KDSALTD 64.90   -0.90 -1.37%   KEYACOSMET 9.60   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 452.00   6.50 1.46%   KPCL   -3.10   KPPL   0.10   LAFSURCEML 74.20   -1.10 -1.46%   LANKABAFIN 27.00   0.30 1.12%   LEGACYFOOT 18.70   0.60 3.31%   LIBRAINFU 500.20   -20.60 -3.96%   LINDEBD 1342.00   -7.90 -0.59%   LRGLOBMF1 6.60   0.20 3.12%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.60   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1211.00   -0.60 -0.05%   MATINSPINN 35.90   0.00 0.00%   MBL1STMF 7.00   0.10 1.45%   MEGCONMILK 7.00   0.30 4.48%   MEGHNACEM 93.20   0.20 0.22%   MEGHNALIFE 52.00   -0.10 -0.19%   MEGHNAPET 5.50   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 13.50   0.10 0.75%   MERCINS 13.60   0.20 1.49%   METROSPIN 6.40   -0.10 -1.54%   MHSML   -1.30   MICEMENT 75.00   -0.20 -0.27%   MIDASFIN 24.50   0.40 1.66%   MIRACLEIND 39.00   1.10 2.90%   MITHUNKNIT 66.00   -0.70 -1.05%   MJLBD   0.50   MODERNDYE 201.00   -0.20 -0.10%   MPETROLEUM 183.40   0.70 0.38%   MTB   0.40   NATLIFEINS 173.00   2.10 1.23%   NAVANACNG 54.90   -0.10 -0.18%   NBL   0.10   NCCBANK 10.40   0.10 0.97%   NCCBLMF1 6.80   0.00 0.00%   NFML   0.90   NHFIL   4.60   NITOLINS 21.80   0.40 1.87%   NLI1STMF 12.60   -0.10 -0.79%   NORTHERN 198.50   -15.00 -7.03%   NORTHRNINS 18.90   0.10 0.53%   NPOLYMAR 83.40   -2.10 -2.46%   NTC   43.10   NTLTUBES 130.00   3.10 2.44%   OAL   0.40   OLYMPIC 309.90   5.80 1.91%   ONEBANKLTD 14.80   0.10 0.68%   ORIONINFU 58.90   -1.20 -2.00%   ORIONPHARM 38.50   3.50 10.00%   PADMALIFE 22.60   -0.20 -0.88%   PADMAOIL 185.60   0.40 0.22%   PARAMOUNT 18.90   -0.60 -3.08%   PENINSULA 23.80   -1.40 -5.56%   PEOPLESINS 16.50   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.60   0.10 2.22%   PHARMAID 253.50   -3.00 -1.17%   PHENIXINS 21.40   0.30 1.42%   PHOENIXFIN 24.20   0.80 3.42%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 29.50   0.60 2.08%   PLFSL   0.10   POPULAR1MF 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   POPULARLIF 67.80   -0.70 -1.02%   POWERGRID 59.40   0.20 0.34%   PRAGATIINS 25.80   0.40 1.57%   PRAGATILIF 88.90   0.20 0.23%   PREMIERBAN 9.00   0.30 3.45%   PREMIERCEM 84.00   -2.70 -3.11%   PREMIERLEA 10.10   0.30 3.06%   PRIME1ICBA 5.10   0.10 2.00%   PRIMEBANK 15.10   0.20 1.34%   PRIMEFIN 8.00   0.30 3.90%   PRIMEINSUR 16.10   -0.30 -1.83%   PRIMELIFE 57.50   0.30 0.52%   PRIMETEX 22.40   1.30 6.16%   PROVATIINS 14.20   0.30 2.16%   PTL   1.50   PUBALIBANK 20.30   0.50 2.53%   PURABIGEN 15.80   0.20 1.28%   QSMDRYCELL 92.50   4.10 4.64%   RAHIMAFOOD 83.70   -6.00 -6.69%   RAHIMTEXT 237.20   0.20 0.08%   RAKCERAMIC 58.10   -0.30 -0.51%   RANFOUNDRY 102.40   -0.90 -0.87%   RDFOOD 16.60   1.50 9.93%   RECKITTBEN 1587.00   16.90 1.08%   REGENTTEX 12.10   -0.20 -1.63%   RELIANCE1 7.90   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 45.50   0.00 0.00%   RENATA 1095.00   3.30 0.30%   RENWICKJA 582.10   -6.20 -1.05%   REPUBLIC 16.20   0.70 4.52%   RNSPIN 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   RSRMSTEEL 44.50   2.10 4.95%   RUPALIBANK 25.40   -0.30 -1.17%   RUPALIINS 17.20   0.60 3.61%   RUPALILIFE 36.00   0.70 1.98%   SAFKOSPINN 11.30   0.80 7.62%   SAIFPOWER 60.50   0.40 0.67%   SAIHAMCOT 14.60   0.00 0.00%   SAIHAMTEX 13.90   0.30 2.21%   SALAMCRST 26.80   0.50 1.90%   SALVOCHEM 12.70   1.00 8.55%   SAMATALETH 23.50   -0.90 -3.69%   SAMORITA 62.80   0.30 0.48%   SANDHANINS 29.00   -0.10 -0.34%   SAPORTL 39.40   0.00 0.00%   SEBL1STMF 11.50   -0.30 -2.54%   SEMLLECMF 9.50   0.00 0.00%   SHAHJABANK 13.70   0.20 1.48%   SHASHADNIM 58.50   -2.00 -3.31%   SHURWID 8.30   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 12.60   0.10 0.80%   SIBL   0.10   SIMTEX 19.90   1.20 6.42%   SINGERBD 184.20   -2.30 -1.23%   SINOBANGLA 22.70   1.00 4.61%   SONALIANSH 197.80   -0.70 -0.35%   SONARBAINS 14.80   0.30 2.07%   SONARGAON 8.60   -0.30 -3.37%   SOUTHEASTB 17.10   -0.10 -0.58%   SPCERAMICS 8.00   -0.20 -2.44%   SPCL   -2.70   SQUARETEXT 65.30   0.20 0.31%   SQURPHARMA 248.00   -22.60 -8.35%   STANCERAM 52.10   -5.50 -9.55%   STANDARINS 18.30   0.20 1.10%   STANDBANKL 10.00   0.00 0.00%   STYLECRAFT 1666.30   98.00 6.25%   SUMITPOWER 33.60   -0.20 -0.59%   SUNLIFEINS 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   TAKAFULINS 17.70   -0.10 -0.56%   TALLUSPIN 8.00   -0.30 -3.61%   TITASGAS 47.40   -0.10 -0.21%   TOSRIFA 18.70   1.00 5.65%   TRUSTB1MF 4.90   0.00 0.00%   TRUSTBANK 23.20   0.20 0.87%   TUNGHAI 10.80   -0.30 -2.70%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 12.80   0.60 4.92%   UNIQUEHRL 39.30   -2.20 -5.30%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 20.30   0.60 3.05%   UNITEDINS 24.20   -0.90 -3.59%   UPGDCL 142.60   0.40 0.28%   USMANIAGL 92.40   -1.80 -1.91%   UTTARABANK 23.60   0.30 1.29%   UTTARAFIN 58.60   1.50 2.63%   VAMLBDMF1 8.80   0.00 0.00%   WATACHEM 152.00   2.40 1.60%   WMSHIPYARD 24.80   -0.30 -1.20%   YPL   1.20   ZAHEENSPIN 15.40   0.60 4.05%   ZAHINTEX 15.30   -0.10 -0.65%   ZEALBANGLA 16.10   -1.30 -7.47%   Latest News Revenue board won’t budge on scrapping package VAT MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting A world shadowed by ‘shadow economy’ High-level segments of climate talks begin in Morocco Hard belt-tightening may ‘dampen credit demand’ Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business Ctg AL leader SM Yusuf dies Govt takes all steps to bring culprits to justice: Amu BCL council for RU, RUET units Dec 7, 8 BGB arrest 94 Myanmar nationals for trespass TIME - 06:20 am National High-level segments of climate talks begin in Morocco Economy Revenue board won’t budge on scrapping package VAT World Indian govt bans Zakir Naik's NGO for five Stock BSEC approves IPO of Shepherd Industries BB hopes to recover $30m more of heist money TOP NEWS Trump’s 200 day plan: Trade reform begins Day 1 Dollar hovers near 14-year high Hate crimes against US Muslims 'up by 67pc' Eastern Cables recommends 10pc cash div LR Global MF declares 5.0pc cash div National Tea recommends 30pc cash div Standard Ins recommends 10pc stock div Oil prices rise Trump, Putin discuss future ties Asian stocks mostly lower MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting November 16, 2016, 12:16 am The finance ministry has sought Tk 30 billion from the Bangladesh Petroleum Corporation (BPC) as condition to providing state guarantee for ITFC credits. The BPC owes the exchequer some Tk 263 billion as it took the money to foot oil bills Read more A world shadowed by ‘shadow economy’ November 16, 2016, 12:15 am None knows for sure the size of the global shadow economy, for most people do talk about tackling it but not many of them have ever tried to find perfect ways of measuring it.  Its definition is also somewhat blurred. There Read more Economy Dutch economy grows for 10th consecutive quarter The Dutch economy grew by 0.7 per cent in the third quarter of 2016, the Dutch Central Bureau of Statistics announced on Tuesday, reports Xinhua. The growth percentage was the same as in the first two quarters of this year. The quarterly growth of the Dutch economy was the tenth in a row. Compared to Q3 of 2015, the economy grew by 2.4 per cent. "Our economy continues to perform exceptionally well and is broadly driven," Henk Kamp, Minister of Economic Affairs, reacted in a statement, "We grow more than twice as fast as the European average and show a solid and Frequent power outages hurting industrial output, says MCCI November 14, 2016, 11:48 pm Bogra growers eyeing Tk 20,000 profit from per bigha production November 14, 2016, 8:46 pm BB seeks banks' help to revamp receding remittance inflows November 14, 2016, 10:09 pm Japan economy grows faster than expected: BOJ November 14, 2016, 2:57 pm Egypt targets 8.5-9.5pc budget deficit November 14, 2016, 1:06 pm Finance Hard belt-tightening may ‘dampen credit demand’ Tighter macroprudential actions in financial regulation may create the scope of 'regulatory arbitrage' with destabilising impacts including credit squeeze. Such a forewarning came at a summit meet Tuesday in Dhaka on present-day banking that is marked by a switch from the Canada not worried over US competition for infrastructure funds Next budget size to be Tk 3.9t IMF queries rising NPLs in banks Q1 income tax receipt well below target Editorial Elevated walkway for pedestrians The Dhaka South City Corporation (DSCC) has planned to construct Elevated walkway for pedestrians The Dhaka South City Corporation (DSCC) has planned to construct Op-Ed Brexit and US elections BREXIT of England and Presidential election of US have shown Brexit and US elections BREXIT of England and Presidential election of US have shown Jacky Chan : The living legend wins Oscar! I was really happy and excited to see my favourite Jacky Chan : The living legend wins Oscar! I was really happy and excited to see my favourite Watch over Trump's first 100 days DONALD Trump has been elected the new president of the Watch over Trump's first 100 days DONALD Trump has been elected the new president of the Stock Stocks return to green on buying spree Stocks returned to green Tuesday, snapping a two days profit taking sale pressure, as some enthusiastic investors were active on SBL, SIBL to open KSA branches soon Increased participation spurs rally on bourses Square most-traded issue on DSE Stocks end positive Mideast stocks mixed at opening  Indian shares slip 2pc; rupee drops  Summit Alliance to open office in Singapore New Zealand shares edge up National Govt takes all steps to bring culprits to justice: Amu Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu on Tuesday said the government has taken all measures to bring the culprits to justice in connection with the Nasirganar and Gobindaganj incidents, reports BSS. "The incidents of Nasirnagar, Gobindaganj and Raipura are isolated, having no link with the law and order situation in the country," he said after attending a cabinet committee meeting on law Fire at Acme laboratory in Dhamrai PM to address COP 22 Tuesday midnight Students block Shahbagh intersection seeking fishery minister’s removal Journalist Ruhul Amin passes away  Satkhira police nab 33 on various charges  Dry weather likely All 4 in Bushra murder case relieved SC asks Mufti Hannan to submit statement Trade and Market Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg Prices of garlic increased significantly by Tk 20- Tk 30 a kg in last two days. Traders attributed the hike to higher import costs. Imported garlic (Chinese) was sold at Tk 200-Tk 210 and local variety at Tk 155-165 a kg in retail markets on Tuesday from Tk 170-Tk 180 and Tk 135-Tk 140 a kg respectively two days back, kitchen market FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business EU for ensuring compliance in export-oriented sectors KL assures Dhaka of hiring workers sooner Thrust on early introduction of e-fund transfer BB seeks banks' help to revamp dwindling remittance inflows India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Reynolds American rejects BAT's $47b takeover offer China commodities fall hard as speculators panic after frantic rally World The Rock cooking up White House run? After parlaying a professional wrestling career as "The Rock" into leading roles in Hollywood, Dwayne Johnson is entertaining the idea US students boycott classes to protest Trump win 11 Arab nations accuse Iran of sponsoring ‘terrorism’ Giuliani favourite for Trump’s secy of state Sci-tech Dry weather likely Weather may remain dry with temporary partly cloudy sky over the country, said a Met office release in Dhaka on Google bans ads on fake news sites  Supermoon lighting up sky Smart City Hackathon organised in city Education BCL council for RU, RUET units Dec 7, 8 RAJSHAHI UNIVERSITY, Nov 15: The council of the Rajshahi University (RU) unit of the Bangladesh Chhattra League (BCL) will be held on December 07 while that of the Rajshahi University of Engineering & Technology (RUET) unit of the student wing of the ruling Awami League is scheduled for December 08. Delwar Hossain, office secretary of the BCL central committee, told the newsmen that the decision was taken in an emergency meeting in the presence of the organisation's central President Saifur Rahman ... Hamid urged UGC to ensure better higher education Five teachers to face action over JSC question 'All banks should introduce stipend for education' Sports Muktijoddha share points with Brothers MYMENSINGH, Nov 15 (UNB): Muktijoddha Sangsad KC shared points with Brothers Union Club in the JB Bangladesh Premier League (BPL) BFF selects 26 junior booters for Super Mokh Cup Police beat Agrani Bank Australia slump to humiliating loss Health World Diabetes Day being observed World Diabetes Day is being observed in Bangladesh as other countries in the globe through various programmes on Monday. Danish pharmaceuticals DGHS for stern steps against some clinics, hospitals in city Bird flu outbreak feared for interface of wild and domestic birds Chikungunya: ‘Lazy mosquitoes’ linked to more infections in women Entertainment Nation celebrates Nabann The nation celebrated Nabanna (new harvest) through various programmes on Tuesday. Nabanna Utsab or new harvest festival is marked in Bangladesh International Folk Fest 2016 ends in city Muhith inaugurates Nabanna Utsab Nov 15 Humayun Ahmed's 68th birth anniv being observed Politics Hasina shocked at SM Yusuf's death Prime Minister Shiekh Hasina on Tuesday expressed profound shock at the death of Awami League leader SM Yousuf. In a condolence message, the prime minister said: "the nation has lost an honest, brave and sincere politician due to his death." She recalled the role of Yusuf with deep respect during the protest movement forged after the assassination of Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman on the black night of August 15, 1975. Sheikh Hasina prayed for eternal peace of the departed soul and conveyed her ... Free elections crucial for giving citizens voice: UK AL assures all of 'a non-partisan EC' AL won't give nominations to controversial figures: Quader Country Flower growers sustain heavy losses for rough weather in Bogra BOGRA, Nov 15: The flower growers of the district are counting heavy losses as the crop has been badly damaged due to rough weather which is prevailing here for the last several days. Sources said the flower petals are starting to fall due to the rough weather condition. Meanwhile, the low price of flowers at Gokul Market, the biggest wholesale market, has brought the growers to their knees. Of the total production in the country, around 35 per cent flowers are grown ... Fancy bed covers export brings solvency to 550 poor rural females Construction of 70 houses for landless FFs going on in Sylhet Magura traders doing brisk business at Kartiany fair PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina received a red carpet reception as she arrived in Morocco on November 14, 2016 on a three-day visit to attend the 22nd Conference of the Parties (COP-22) of UNFCCC. Rachid Belmokhtar Benabdellah, Moroccan education minister, welcomed her at the airport. - PID Students of Jagannath Hall of the University of Dhaka blocked the Shahbagh intersection on Tuesday to press home their demand of immediate removal of Minister Sayedul Hoque for his ‘derogatory remarks’ about Hindus following the attacks. – FE Photo Supermoon appeared all over the world on Monday night. It is the coincidence of a full moon or a New moon with the closest approach the Moon makes to the Earth on its elliptical orbit. Supermoon is 14pc bigger and 30pc brighter than usual. This picture was taken from Dhaka’s Topkhana Road area. – FE Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina holds a videoconference with the officials, local representatives and people of different professions of Rajshahi division from her official residence Ganabhaban on Saturday. –UNB Photo Hundreds of protester, including students of different universities, staged a demonstration in the city’s Shahbagh area on Friday over recent wave of attacks on people from Hindu community in Brahmanbaria and other parts of the country. – FE photo more news Ctg AL leader SM Yusuf dies November 16, 2016, 12:06 am PM to address COP 22 Tuesday midnight November 15, 2016, 10:07 pm BGB arrest 94 Myanmar nationals for trespass November 15, 2016, 11:29 pm EU for ensuring compliance in export-oriented sectors November 15, 2016, 9:29 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 145 ISSUES DECLINED 79 Most popular A world shadowed by shadow economy November 16, 2016, 12:15 am Revenue board wont budge on scrapping package VAT November 16, 2016, 12:17 am Hard belt-tightening may dampen credit demand November 16, 2016, 12:11 am FBCCI to seek incentives for promoting green business November 16, 2016, 12:08 am MoF demands Tk 30b for credit underwriting November 16, 2016, 12:16 am Prices of garlic rise by Tk 30 a kg November 16, 2016, 12:10 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG ORIONPHARM 35.00 38.50 36.00 38.50 10.00 RDFOOD 15.10 16.60 15.80 16.60 9.93 EMERALDOIL 31.60 34.70 31.00 34.70 9.81 NTC 542.40 610.00 566.00 590.70 8.91 NHFIL 49.50 54.40 49.80 53.90 8.89 SAFKOSPINN 10.50 11.50 10.70 11.40 8.57 AFTABAUTO 50.40 54.90 50.90 54.60 8.33 DHAKAINS 17.50 19.00 17.50 18.90 8.00 SALVOCHEM 11.70 12.70 11.90 12.60 7.69 SIMTEX 18.70 20.30 17.70 20.10 7.49 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation SIMTEX 18.00 20.30 17.70 19.90 10.56 EMERALDOIL 32.00 34.70 31.00 34.70 8.44 TOSRIFA 17.30 19.40 17.30 18.70 8.09 NHFIL 50.30 54.40 49.80 54.10 7.56 NFML 16.00 17.20 16.00 17.20 7.50 AFTABAUTO 50.90 54.90 50.90 54.60 7.27 ORIONPHARM 36.00 38.50 36.00 38.50 6.94 SALVOCHEM 12.00 12.70 11.90 12.70 5.83 PRIMETEX 21.20 22.40 21.20 22.40 5.66 SAFKOSPINN 10.70 11.50 10.70 11.30 5.61 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG STANCERAM 57.60 54.40 51.90 52.20 -9.38 GHCL 40.40 39.00 36.40 36.70 -9.16 SHYAMPSUG 12.50 12.60 11.30 11.40 -8.80 GOLDENSON 16.60 16.50 15.00 15.20 -8.43 SQURPHARMA 270.60 251.00 245.20 248.10 -8.32 MHSML 17.50 17.50 15.80 16.10 -8.00 ITC 51.00 50.00 46.00 47.40 -7.06 NORTHERN 213.50 205.00 194.90 199.10 -6.75 ISNLTD 12.70 13.10 11.80 11.90 -6.30 DOREENPWR 119.00 123.00 110.80 112.30 -5.63 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation RAHIMAFOOD 90.90 91.00 83.50 83.70 -7.92 FINEFOODS 21.70 22.40 19.60 20.00 -7.83 MHSML 17.50 17.50 15.80 16.20 -7.43 DOREENPWR 120.90 123.00 110.80 112.80 -6.70 PENINSULA 25.40 26.10 23.80 23.80 -6.30 GOLDENSON 16.50 16.50 15.00 15.50 -6.06 GHCL 39.00 39.00 36.40 36.90 -5.39 LIBRAINFU 527.80 527.80 500.20 500.20 -5.23 ITC 50.00 50.00 46.00 47.60 -4.80 ISNLTD 13.10 13.10 11.80 12.50 -4.58 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Raising ownership cap may not be enough to lower air fares, critics say In a speech, Transport Minister Marc Garneau said the Liberal government would bring in legislation to raise the foreign ownership cap from the current 25 per cent to 49 per cent. Transport Minister Marc Garneau says he’s heard the gripes about high air fares, and is taking steps to open up competition.  (PATRICK DOYLE / THE CANADIAN PRESS)   By Vanessa LuBusiness reporter Sat., Nov. 12, 2016 Canadians have long complained about sky-high air fares and fees on domestic routes, and on flights down south, millions are willing to trek across the border in search of better deals at U.S. airports. Transport Minister Marc Garneau says he’s heard the gripes, and is taking steps to open up competition by raising the limits on foreign ownership in Canadian airlines, in hopes of spurring no-frills airlines, known in the industry as ultra-low-cost carriers. Those carriers like Allegiant Air in the U.S. or Ireland’s Ryanair offer only the basics — and passengers will often pay for any extras, whether it’s to bring a carry-on bag or to print a boarding pass at the airport. In a speech last week in Montreal, Garneau said the Liberal government would bring in legislation to raise the foreign ownership cap from the current 25 per cent to 49 per cent — though no single investor can own more than 25 per cent. “This will lead to more options for Canadians, and allow the creation of new, low-cost airlines in Canada,” Garneau said. Article Continued Below But it’s unclear whether the raising of foreign ownership caps will be enough to lower the price of flights within Canada, with some calling for additional relief for existing airlines or even more dramatic changes to long-held airline regulations. Garneau’s move certainly seemed to have an immediate positive impact on the industry. In an unusual move, the minister granted exemptions to two companies — Vancouver’s Canada Jetlines and Calgary’s Enerjet — which had asked for the restrictions to be lifted, not wanting to wait for Parliament to enact legislation. Later that same day, Enerjet announced it already has an investor lined up — Phoenix-based Indigo Partners, which helped launch low-cost carriers Spirit Airlines and which also owns Frontier Airlines. Enerjet chief commercial officer Darcy Morgan says his carrier has a working name — FlyToo — which signals its goal of ensuring everyone can afford to fly, too. “We truly believe we are on a path to democratize travel in this country,” he said, arguing cheaper air fares will have a ripple effect on the economy and create jobs. Canada Jetlines president Jim Scott also praised the swift action. “We were very surprised, and very pleased,” he said. “But it also signals that this government is very serious about establishing a third carrier to provide affordable air fare.” His company is planning on going public by doing a reverse takeover, which is when a private company merges with a dormant or shell company that already has a public listing, without having to go through an initial public offering process. It plans to team up with junior miner Jet Metal, which has the ticker JET on the TSX venture exchange, and Scott estimates it needs to first raise $6 million by year’s end. Then it will look for other investors to help the carrier get off the ground, including paying for jets already on order with Boeing. “I’ve had steady calls from interested parties,” he said, adding partners should be finalized and announced in March, with launch by next summer, promising lower fares for consumers. Next week, Jetlines staff will be touring southern Ontario airports looking at options that include Hamilton, Waterloo and London, and possibly others like Windsor or Kingston. Jetlines has said it plans to have main bases in Vancouver and Hamilton, and will fly across Canada, the U.S., Mexico and Caribbean, starting with six Boeing 737 aircraft in the first year. In theory, more competition should bring better prices, but not everyone thinks that will happen. “Don’t hold your breath,” says Ambarish Chandra, an economics professor at the University of Toronto. “I am skeptical. I’ll cheer them on. I would be happy to see more airlines, especially domestic airlines, but I would be surprised to see them build the network they need.” That’s because Canada’s geography and population base just doesn’t have the market size to support the kind of competition that is required, Chandra said. “To run a nation-wide airline with an efficient network requires economies of scale,” he said. “The odds are stacked against them (new airlines). I would be surprised to see them grow very fast, or do very well.” NewLeaf Travel, which has launched service out of Hamilton, argues it’s already growing, offering seats on Kelowna-based Flair Air, to cities in the west and east. NewLeaf emphasizes it is not an airline, but a travel company, so not subject to any foreign ownership rules. “We have managed to find a way into the marketplace under the current constraints,” New Leaf CEO Jim Young said. “We have carried 80,000 customers since July.” NewLeaf runs a very limited schedule — often flying to certain destinations just once a week — with three planes. Its launch did prompt WestJet to begin to match routes including Hamilton to Edmonton — and just this week, WestJet says it will fly between Hamilton and Vancouver four times a week, starting next April. NewLeaf’s launch was initially delayed over licensing questions — which forced the company to cancel reservations and refund customers. Enerjet’s Morgan argues his company is in a much better position to take off, given it already has an aviation operating licence, and is just looking for funding from investor. It has also operated charters to send workers to oilsands projects in northern Alberta, down south to sun destinations for Transat, overseas in Europe for European airlines. He acknowledged that the deal with Indigo Partners still needs to be finalized, but he touted the experience of its executives. “They are the pre-eminent financial backer (for low-cost carriers) and have an excellent track record,” Morgan said, adding Indigo Partners will be the lead backer but not the only investor. He estimates tens of millions of dollars will need to be raised. “We would have a year advantage or maybe 18 months, just to get started,” he said, though the company would have preferred no restrictions on foreign ownership as long as it was Canadian controlled. Canada’s two biggest airlines, Air Canada and WestJet Airlines, are not happy with the exemptions granted to the two carriers, adding the government should also tackle the issue of high airport fees and aviation taxes. “We don’t necessarily like where the playing field is not levelled, in terms of the speed with which exemptions and other decisions are made,” Air Canada CEO Calin Rovinescu said on a conference call this week. “If there is a process to change laws, to change restrictions, then we look forward to everybody having the opportunity to benefit within the same time frame.” Air Canada said it’s prepared to compete on fares, noting it has faced low-cost competition from the likes of Transat and WestJet for years, resulting in competitive fares. Rovinescu also pointed to its discount carrier Rouge, which has a lower operating cost structure, saying it could be deployed on domestic routes, if needed. Rouge has flown routes during peak summer travel season and is flying now between Toronto and Kelowna, B.C., and Toronto and Deer Lake, N.L. WestJet CEO Gregg Saretsky said in a statement that the biggest challenge to ensuring low fares for Canadian consumers is the rising cost of aviation infrastructure. “Canada is a much more expensive jurisdiction in which to operate than other jurisdictions,” Saretsky said last week. “We are disappointed the government has not signalled more clearly a willingness to meaningfully review aviation taxation and cost structure.” In fact, Chandra believes the best way to ensure lower fares in Canada is to open up domestic routes to foreign carriers, allowing U.S. airlines or British Airways or Lufthansa to fly between Toronto and Vancouver, or Halifax and Montreal. “It would allow competition on the busy routes — and it would have eventual spillover effect on other routes,” he said. That’s not permitted now and foreign airlines are not allowed to fly domestic routes inside the United States. But in Europe, carriers from other countries are permitted to fly such routes, resulting in cheap fares within European cities. “Given how large Canada is geographically and how small our population is, we need to be bold and think of new measures to create competition,” Chandra said. “In an ideal world, we would have more competition. But it would take bold thinking, beyond just raising ownership caps,” he said. Read more about: United States, Westjet, Air Canada The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 11°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Richard Branson: not looking down but ahead: Menon Billionaire subject of documentary Don’t Look Down talks about a world with Trump and Brexit. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: U.S. Election Trump Fact Check Blue Jays Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2016 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Mon, Nov 14, 2016 - Page 14　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Gulf executives change tune on Trump Reuters, DUBAI Gulf executives who were upset by US president-elect Donald Trump’s campaign trail comments about Muslims took a conciliatory tone following his election victory and said they were open for business with the US. In Dubai, boards displaying Trump’s name and his support for a DAMAC Properties project to build a gated community, spa and Trump-branded golf course can be seen from a road on the edge of the city. Gulf business links with Trump and other US firms are strong. The US imported US$32.4 billion of goods including oil from the six Gulf countries last year and the region is the most important client base for Boeing Co and a number of US defense firms. The Gulf’s sovereign wealth funds also have hundreds of billions of dollars of US investments. However, Arab business figures were angry about Trump’s campaign calls for Muslims to be banned from entering the US, following the murder of 14 people in San Bernardino, California, by a Muslim couple in December last year. Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal Al Saud, head of investment firm Kingdom Holding, which has stakes in US firms including Citigroup Inc and Twitter Inc, called him a “disgrace not only to the GOP [Grand Old Party] but to all America.” However, the billionaire was among those wishing him well on Wednesday, tweeting: “President elect @realDonaldTrump whatever the past differences, America has spoken, congratulations & best wishes for your presidency.” Another billionaire businessman, Khalaf al-Habtoor, who worked with Trump on a construction project that was halted in 2008, wrote an op-ed in a local newspaper in August last year backing Trump for the presidency. However, al-Habtoor backtracked after Trump’s Muslim comments and said Gulf money would quit the US if he won. Speaking to Arabian Business on Wednesday, al-Habtoor said Trump’s comments on Muslims “were for the election only” and he would now tone down his rhetoric, something that would open the door to re-establishing good relations with the Gulf. Some Gulf firms reassessed their links with Trump at the end of last year: DAMAC temporarily removed references to his name from advertising, and regional retailer Landmark Group pulled a Trump-branded line of homeware from its Lifestyle chain of department stores. However, a spokeswoman for DAMAC on Thursday said that Trump-linked projects still carried his name. Landmark Group declined to comment. Mohammed al-Ardhi, executive chairman of alternative investment firm Investcorp, which has billions of dollars in US real estate and other investments, was complementary about Trump. “Investcorp knows that Mr Trump is fair because we competed against him on the Tiffany acquisition and he did not mind us winning that deal,” al-Ardhi told an investor event on Wednesday, referring to its 1984 purchase of the New York jewelery firm. Meanwhile, Gulf airlines are waiting to see where Trump stands on a disagreement with US carriers. A group including American Airlines and United Airlines say United Arab Emirates-based Emirates Airlines, Etihad Airways and Qatar Airways have unfairly benefited from state subsidies, and have called for a review of the Open Skies trade agreement with those countries. Some Gulf airline executives had previously expressed concerns that Trump could favor US interests at the expense of the rest of the global aviation industry. 1 2 NEXT › This story has been viewed 1029 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-09 to 2016-11-16 Most read Most e-mailed 1 EDITORIAL: What Trump means for Taiwan 2 HK lawyers march against NPC ruling 3 Trump triumphs 4 US ELECTION: Taiwanese experts weigh in on Trump 5 China blocks NGO chairman from UN MORE  1 Trump triumphs 2 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 3 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 4 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 5 China blocks NGO chairman from UN MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»MICROSOFT AKTIE»Flockpit flows Weekend Ed.I: Boeing, McDonalds, Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola, Wells Fargo, Exxon, Microsoft, GoPro MICROSOFT CORPORATION 54,79  Euro +0,841 +1,56 % WKN: 870747  ISIN: US5949181045 Ticker-Symbol: MSF  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 18:41 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheSoftware AktienmarktNASDAQ-100 DJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 54,81 55,19 15.11. 54,84 54,96 15.11. 13.11.2016 | 07:22 (40 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) boerse-social.com·Mehr Nachrichten von boerse-social.com Flockpit flows Weekend Ed.I: Boeing, McDonalds, Procter & Gamble, Coca-Cola, Wells Fargo, Exxon, Microsoft, GoPro In Kooperation mit flockpit.com , das Unternehmen erforscht seit 2012 den Zusammenhang zwischen sozialen Medien und den Märkten und highlighted Tweets, die nach einem Score-System börsliche Relevanz haben. Social Media Finanzmarktdaten, eher US-lastig, die "Flockpit Flows" täglich auf boerse-social.com . Boeing 0.80% 12.11 22:29 intercooleronli Guggenheim Capital LLC Sells 43,953 Shares of Boeing Co. $BA https://t.co/qbazOBoFsz McDonalds -0.11% 12.11 22:28 TickerReport Guggenheim Capital LLC Has $72,295,000 Position in McDonald\u2019s Corp. $MCD https://t.co/3GA5AnDZwz Procter & Gamble 0.05% 12.11 22:27 ZolmaxNews Guggenheim Capital LLC Buys 54,978 Shares of Procter & Gamble Co. $PG https://t.co/aHzcm9v89r Coca-Cola 0.60% 12.11 22:12... Den vollständigen Artikel lesen ... © 2016 boerse-social.com Nachrichten zu BOEING COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Boeing will move 1,600 Huntington Beach jobs to Los Angeles County ► Artikel lesen Di Here's Why Boeing Shares Are Falling Today ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut defense jobs in consolidation effort ► Artikel lesen Di UPDATE 1-Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu COCA-COLA COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Coca-Cola (KO) Presents at Morgan Stanley Consumer Conference (Transcript) ► Artikel lesen Di Small's beautiful: Coca-Cola to phase out bigger bottles ► Artikel lesen Di Jacob Rothschild's Fund Dumps Huge Positions In Alibaba (BABA), Coca-Cola (KO), Buys These Stocks ► Artikel lesen Di Coca-Cola Co. Short Interest Update ► Artikel lesen Di Coca-Cola Is Priced To Buy More Shares ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 01:19 UPDATE 2-Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine -Bbg ► Artikel lesen Di Exxon Mobil: InterOil Acquisition, Peak Earnings Trap And How Majors Dominate Throughout The Cycle ► Artikel lesen Di Jacobs wins contract from Exxonmobil for polyethylene expansion ► Artikel lesen Di UPDATE 1-Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine - Bbg ► Artikel lesen Di Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu GOPRO INC Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Flockpit flows post-market (US) 15.11: Apache Corp., JinkoSolar, voxeljet, GoPro, World Wrestling Entertainment und Home Depot In Kooperation mit flockpit.com , das Unternehmen erforscht seit 2012 den Zusammenhang zwischen sozialen Medien und den Märkten und highlighted Tweets, die nach einem Score-System börsliche Relevanz... ► Artikel lesen Di Dougherty & Co Reiterates "Neutral" Rating for GoPro Inc. ► Artikel lesen Di The Simple Reason Why Fitbit and GoPro Are Struggling ► Artikel lesen Di Was GoPro's Latest Bomb Hidden by the Election? (GPRO) ► Artikel lesen Mo GoPro Inc. Rating Reiterated by JPMorgan Chase & Co. ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu MCDONALDS CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di McDonald's Version of Pokemon Go, But McRib? (MCD) ► Artikel lesen Di Nutella-Burger: Wann ist er in Deutschland erhältlich? Das sagt McDonald's ► Artikel lesen Di McDonald's is Test-Selling Its New Sriracha Big Mac ► Artikel lesen Di Fastfood: McDonald's testet Auslieferung von Burgern an Kunden ► Artikel lesen Di McDonald's Launched a 'McRib Finder' App ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu MICROSOFT CORPORATION Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten 01:03 15 tweets to celebrate the 15-year anniversary of the Xbox ► Artikel lesen 00:33 Fandango Launches VOD Service On Xbox One, Expanding Onto Video Game Consoles For First Time ► Artikel lesen Di Apple's Smart Glasses Can Succeed, But It Has to Move Fast to Beat Microsoft and Facebook ► Artikel lesen Di A habit Bill Gates and Richard Branson swear by is one most people overlook: According to Branson, 99% of leaders ... ► Artikel lesen Di Microsoft uses Minecraft to get kids to learn programming ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Procter & Gamble - 'Where Do We Go From Here?' ► Artikel lesen Di With Higher Exposure To Developed Markets, P&G To Report Better Margins Than Unilever ► Artikel lesen Di Dividend Aristocrats In Focus Part 41: Procter & Gamble ► Artikel lesen Mo Procter & Gamble Falls To $83 -- Yields Up, Dividend Aristocrats Down, And Equity Risk ► Artikel lesen Mo Procter & Gamble (PG) Posts Solid Q1, Volatility a Drag ► Artikel lesen Nachrichten zu WELLS FARGO & COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di SEC's White deflects questions about Wells Fargo ► Artikel lesen Di Wells Fargo to roll out robo adviser service ► Artikel lesen Di How Wells Fargo Just Dodged a Bullet ► Artikel lesen Di Here Is How Shares of Troubled Wells Fargo Got Their Groove Back ► Artikel lesen Di Wells Fargo's (WFC) Management at Bank of America Merrill Lynch Future of Financials 2016 Conference (Transcript) ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart BOEING COMPANY Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % BOEING COMPANY 137,57 -0,91 % COCA-COLA COMPANY 38,504 +0,82 % EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION 80,80 +2,94 % GOPRO INC 9,647 -0,66 % MCDONALDS CORPORATION 109,66 -0,22 % MICROSOFT CORPORATION 54,79 +1,56 % PROCTER & GAMBLE COMPANY 77,49 +0,35 % WELLS FARGO & COMPANY 48,51 -2,58 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBS Sunday Morning Home Arts Books Commentaries Nature Profiles Notes About Trending Videos CBSN Live » Sunday Morning Restored B-29 takes to the air CBS This Morning Trump's secretary of state CBS This Morning Trump family security clearance CBS This Morning Obama tries to reassure Europe CBS This Morning Wildfires burn across South CBS This Morning Delta's bag tracking system CBS This Morning "Give Please a Chance" CBS This Morning "Pushy Moms" CBS This Morning ICFJ honors Charlie Rose Sunday Morning Up next, recap & links 2016 Sunday Morning ​This week on "Sunday Morning" (Nov. 13) Sunday Morning Excerpt: Trevor Noah’s “Born a Crime” Sunday Morning Trevor Noah: Finding humor in the darkest of times Sunday Morning Nature up close: Elk and wild turkeys Sunday Morning Warren Beatty: Living legend Sunday Morning Almanac: The automatic cow milking machine Sunday Morning The Good Cemeterian Sunday Morning The view of voters in West Virginia coal country Sunday Morning Greek diners run in their blood Sunday Morning Sir Elton John’s album Sunday Morning Restoring a World War II aviation gem CBS News November 13, 2016, 9:52 AM Restoring a World War II aviation gem Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email A veteran of World War II is UP IN THE AIR once again, thanks, Lee Cowan tells us, to a small army of volunteers ... and one very determined Korean War vet: There are men with big plans … and then there’s Tony Mazzolini, whose plan was so big it took up a hanger the size of a football field.  He showed Cowan the last restorable B-29 in the world -- a sleek silver ghost of World War II, a bomber that both haunted and obsessed Mazzolini for nearly three decades. “It’s part of the Greatest Generation, and we want to keep the memories alive,” he said. Nicknamed the “Superfortress,” the B-29 was the most technologically-advanced bomber in the world at the time – obliterating the enemy’s ability to make war. The most famous, of course, was the Enola Gay, that dropped the first atomic bomb. Mazzolini was a flight engineer on a B-29 during the Korean War. By then, the jet age had nearly rendered the legendary bomber obsolete. Those that hadn’t been lost in combat were usually scrapped, or sent to the China Lake Naval Weapons Center in California’s Mojave Desert, where the once-proud bombers were used for target practice. “They were just in millions of pieces,” Mazzolini said. “Kind of an undignified end,” said Cowan. “It is, to quite a historic aircraft.” Everyone told Mazzolini any B-29 worth saving had been saved already; there were none left. But they were wrong. Out in that desert boneyard he found a B-29 named “Doc” -- defiantly, inexplicably, still in one piece, as if it had never given up the will to fly. It had become, Mazzolini said, “a sanctuary for some of the desert birds and critters.” “Doc” is rescued from an airplane graveyard. CBS News With the help of a few dozen bomber buffs, Mazzolini managed to tug ol’ Doc out of the desert. Slowly, piece by giant piece, it was shipped back to the former Boeing plant in Wichita, Kansas -- the very same plant where Doc rolled off the assembly line back in 1945. “My mother, father, grandmother all worked on ‘em; my mom started the day after she turned 16 years old,” said airplane mechanic T.J. Norman, one of a long line of B-29 mechanics. And Doc became his patient. His job wasn’t just to make the plane a static display in a museum. Nope. What he had to do seemed impossible: To get Doc flying again. Soon, volunteers started showing up to help Norman out. And they kept coming, by the hundreds. Some older than Doc himself, like Connie Palocioz. “You know, it’s kind of hard to believe that I would be here,” said the 91-year-old, one of the original Rosie the Riveters who worked at the Wichita Boeing plant during World War II. In fact, she put the rivets in Doc herself. They’re still as good as they day she put them there. “Really proud of this plane. It means a lot to me,” she said. Connie and the rest of the volunteers, known collectively as Doc’s Friends, spent hundreds of thousands of volunteer hours, not to mention hundreds of thousands of donated dollars, to get Doc ready for its hometown debut -- nearly 30 years after it was rescued. Few were as awestruck as Army Corps veteran Charles Chauncey. He’s 92, and a former B-29 pilot. “I don’t know how many are left of us, but it’s getting pretty small,” he said. He flew 35 missions over Japan. Cowan asked, “What does it feel like when you’re in there and you start up all four of these engines?” “Oh, noisy!” Chauncey laughed. He wasn’t kidding; the Earth actually moves as they belch to life. It was the day of Doc’s first test flight, and the air in Wichita was thick with nervous anticipation. Mazzolini, Chauncey, everybody was there -- Connie Palocioz, too, appropriately dressed as Rosie. As Doc lumbered by, there were more than a few tears. Mazzolini joined Palocioz at the end of the runway to wait and watch. It had been 60 years since that plane left the ground -- everything was on the line. And then, it happened ... Rescuing a B-29 named “Doc” from the boneyard and returning it to the skies was a mission for Tony Mazzolini and hundreds of volunteers. Facebook “It’s up!! It’s up!!! All right!! It’s up, by God, it’s up!!” That’s all Mazzolini could say. There were cheers all around... “I’m telling ya’, I am absolutely delighted at this,” he said. “This has been one great day. I couldn’t believe it. I feel like doing a dance right now!” “It’s up by God it’s up!!” Mazzolini had done it, and there it was: a B-29 back among clouds, a tangible piece of flying history. But Mazzolini’s real gift was to veterans like Chauncey, who quietly, away from all the pomp and circumstance, said more than we ever could. “Oh, it’s great. Ol’ Doc. Yeah!” Chauncey said, pumping his fist in the air.          For more info: B-29 “Doc”: Restoring History Docs Friends on Facebook © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email More Sunday Morning Warren Beatty The career of the Oscar-wining actor-writer-director-producer, renowned for such classic films as “Bonnie and Clyde,” “McCabe and Mrs. Miller,” “Shampoo” and “Reds” Notable deaths in 2016 A look back at the esteemed personalities who left us this year, who'd touched us with their innovation, creativity and humanity Popular Follow Us icon icon icon icon From CBS News Commentary: The unbearable smugness of the press 1444486 Views Hiker crosses paths with Hillary Clinton on Chappaqua trail 1077057 Views President-elect Trump on immigrants he’ll deport 839185 Views 60 Minutes interview: President-elect Donald Trump 620655 Views What time will the president be announced? 589288 Views Play Video "Pushy Moms" Play Video Delta's bag tracking system Play Video Trump family security clearance Play Video Wildfires burn across South Play Video "Give Please a Chance" Previous Next Watch CBSN Live Watch CBS News anytime, anywhere with the new 24/7 digital news network. Stream CBSN live or on demand for FREE on your TV, computer, tablet, or smartphone. Watch Now 18 Photos Vintage photos from Sir Elton John's collection 48 Photos Warren Beatty 150 Photos Notable deaths in 2016 107 Photos Trump protests 19 Photos The very American art of Steve Penley Previous Next On Twitter Tweets from @CBSSunday/team New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Local Politics Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Jim Brunner Olympia Seattle Income Inequality All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Local Politics Jim Brunner Olympia Seattle Income Inequality All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Local Politics Login Subscribe Eastside Local News Local Politics Nation & World Politics Northwest Trump voters want him to follow vows on immigration, trade Originally published November 13, 2016 at 6:00 am Updated November 13, 2016 at 10:10 am Donald Trump lost big in Washington state, but his supporters here echoed the sentiments of Rust Belt voters who decided the 2016 election. They say Trump’s plans to halt illegal immigration and redo trade pacts struck a powerful chord. Share story By Jim Brunner and David Gutman Seattle Times staff reporters Jason Swendt says he wouldn’t want his three daughters to date someone who has treated women like President-elect Donald Trump has. Nevertheless, Swendt marked his ballot for Trump — and has pinned great hopes on the incoming Republican president’s plans to scuttle and reshape international trade deals and halt illegal immigration. Swendt, 43, works at Intalco’s Ferndale aluminum smelter, in an industry buffeted by sagging aluminum prices and foreign competition. “If he stays true to his word … I believe we’ve got a great shot here,” said Swendt, who thinks steel mills and other manufacturing jobs can come back under a Trump administration. “I truly believe that he does want the best for the American worker.” Related story Donald Trump’s election could have dire consequences for “Dreamers,” undocumented immigrants brought here as children. With Trump threatening to end the program that allows them to stay legally in the U.S., some feel shock, fear and an urgent desire to make themselves known. Read more here. In Washington state, where Trump took just 38 percent of the vote — and especially in King County, where he won a scant 22 percent — many found Tuesday’s election results unfathomable. But in interviews last week, Trump supporters here echoed sentiments of swing voters in Rust Belt states like Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, which flipped from Democrat to Republican this year. They’ve been angered by immigration, cultural changes and misguided trade pacts they see as brought on by an arrogant Washington, D.C., elite that has grown out of touch with the average American. Watching Trump’s Tuesday night acceptance speech, Cynthia Cole was struck by the magnitude of what just took place. “He really hit a lot of people who thought the government was not listening to their needs,” said Cole, 62, of Bellevue, a retired Boeing employee who led the company’s engineering union for four years. “The people who are Trump supporters got tired of being told they were stupid and they’re racist or bigoted if they were supporting Trump.” Now that he is headed to the White House, Trump supporters here say they expect him to follow through on his big pledges: protectionist trade policies, repeal of the Affordable Care Act, building a wall on the Mexican border, halting refugees from Syria and slashing corporate taxes. State Sen. Don Benton, R-Vancouver, a Trump adviser who ran his campaign in Washington, has been in touch with Trump’s family and members of the transition team since the election. Despite whispers that Trump’s border wall with Mexico was more campaign talk than concrete proposal, Benton says it’s happening. “Mr. Trump says he is going to build a wall and believe me, when he says something he means it,” Benton said. “He’s a man of his word.” But there already are signs Trump may break some of his campaign promises. On Friday, he told The Wall Street Journal he’s willing to keep part of the federal health-care law he’s spent the last year denouncing. And senior Trump adviser Newt Gingrich said Trump may not spend much time getting Mexico to pay for the border wall, calling that pledge “a great campaign device.” “Family-wage jobs” In Washington, as nationally, Trump drew his strongest support from whites, especially white men without college degrees. Exit polls showed a majority of Americans believed Trump was not qualified and did not have the right temperament to be president. Some put aside those concerns and voted for him anyway — seeing bigger flaws in Democrat Hillary Clinton. Before the election, Trump was accused by multiple women of unwanted advances and sexual assault, charges he denied. A leaked tape also emerged of Trump boasting in 2005 of groping women without permission. Clinton won handily among all female voters nationally, according to exit polls, taking 54 percent of their votes to Trump’s 42 percent. But, among just white women, Trump won by nearly as large a margin, 53 percent to 43 percent. Steve Altick, an ordained minister and Vietnam veteran, said he wasn’t crazy about some of Trump’s comments, but in the end he had to make a choice. “The negative on Trump were the things he said,” Altick, 73, of Auburn, said. “The negatives on Secretary Clinton were the things she did. It was someone who was ethically not sound versus someone who talks before he thinks.” Altick, who runs a Christian camp after 23 years in the Air Force, said the military, under Obama, has become “somewhat of a social experiment.” He cited the repeal of “don’t ask, don’t tell” and the opening of all combat roles to women. While Trump lost big in Washington state, he flipped four rural Washington counties that had a history of voting Democratic. That included Grays Harbor County, where the 8.2 percent jobless rate is double that of King County. “This is an area that has been down for a long time,” said Jim Walsh, chairman of the Grays Harbor Republican Party. Good-paying jobs in the timber industry and in commercial fishing have faded away in the Pacific Coast county. And Walsh said locals don’t believe the “clean-energy economy” talked up by Seattle-area Democrats will be a sufficient replacement. “We want to see real industries that generate family-wage jobs again,” Walsh said. Immigration University of Washington political science professor Christopher Parker rejected the idea that Trump’s soaring support among whites was based on economic populism, citing national exit polls showing Trump winning every income bracket above $50,000 annually. Parker, who wrote a book on the tea party and who has been a Trump critic, sees racism behind the election result. “This is not about people who are hurting economically, that is what people tell themselves, but it’s not true,” he said. “This is all about the idea that they are losing their country, that the America they’ve come to know and love is vanishing.” Trump launched his campaign by calling Mexican immigrants rapists and last year called for ban on Muslims entering the U.S., citing terrorism concerns. Trump supporters resent being labeled intolerant, and say it’s unfair, for example, to tie their candidate or them to white nationalist groups, including the Ku Klux Klan, that supported him. Altick said many Trump controversies were overblown by the media. Still, he said he understands the fears some minorities have of the president-elect. “The other side has couched what he has said to scare people,” he said. “That was all part of the campaign, but now that the campaign’s over, he’s got to try to reassure people.” Despite the racially divisive campaign, exit polls show Trump winning the same share of the Latino vote as Mitt Romney in 2012. (As a group, Latinos still overwhelming voted Democratic.) Trump supporter Rachelle Ramirez, of Blaine, was born in the U.S. but said her grandmother came here illegally from Mexico. She agrees with Trump that immigration laws should be enforced. “There is a right way and a wrong way to get in here,” Ramirez said. “If you have nothing to hide, you should be fine, right? The only people who have anything to worry about are people who probably shouldn’t be here.” Ramirez pointed to Clinton’s email controversy and the Benghazi terrorist attacks as disqualifiers for the former secretary of state. Like Swendt, Ramirez works in a union job at the Intalco smelter, a plant that has been threatened with closure due to economic conditions in the aluminum industry. Wenatchee’s Alcoa smelter was idled in January, costing more than 400 people their jobs. Intalco was only saved through government intervention, including a $3 million state grant and a renegotiated deal with the Bonneville Power Administration. Washington is a major beneficiary of international trade, and some experts have warned the state will suffer dire consequences if Trump imposes protectionist policies, such as high tariffs, that ignite a trade war. But Trump’s trade stance hit a chord with some unionized manufacturing workers who see their jobs at risk under trade deals like the proposed Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP), a pact negotiated by the Obama administration that Trump’s election is certain to scuttle. Trade Ryan Leenders, of Everett, a member of the International Association of Machinists (IAM), grew up a Democrat and says he voted for Obama in 2008. But Leenders, 31, was drawn to Trump early in the 2016 campaign when he heard the candidate denounce the 1994 NAFTA deal and other international trade agreements. While unions including IAM formally endorsed Clinton this year, Leenders said there was plenty of support for Trump among rank and file union members. “It’s pretty amazing how many people support him within the union. The headquarters over on the East Coast decided for us without taking a vote,” Leenders said of the Clinton endorsement. Trump’s trade criticism was similar to that of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders, the runner-up to Clinton in the Democratic presidential race. Leenders said he and other Trump supporters could maybe have gotten behind Sanders on that basis. “At least I respected him as a person,” he said. By the time Trump’s leaked comments about women emerged last month, Leenders said he had more than enough information on the candidates, and Clinton was not an option. “I had pretty much already made up my mind,” Leenders said. “He would have had to have done something, to use her words, pretty ‘deplorable’ to sway my opinion.” Jim Brunner: 206-515-5628 or jbrunner@seattletimes.com. On Twitter @Jim_Brunner Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Next Story Divisions from unsettled past haunt our present Previous Story Washington state alliance to push a reworked carbon-tax proposal Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases John Hannon to Resign as Member of KeyW’s Board of Directors; Shephard Hill Elected to Succeed Hannon HANOVER, Md., Nov. 09, 2016 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — The KeyW Holding Corporation (NASDQ:KEYW), today announced that John Hannon will resign as a member of its board of directors, effective with the company’s quarterly board meeting on Nov. 9, 2016. Shephard (Shep) Hill will succeed him. “Having served on the board since KeyW’s inception in 2008, I’m pleased with the strategic path the company is on,” said Hannon. “We’ve accomplished a great deal in the past eight years, and it’s the right time to transition as KeyW prepares for its next phase of growth.” Hill is former president of Boeing International and senior vice president of Business Development and Strategy for The Boeing Company. He also served as company officer, executive council member and vice president of Business Development of Defense, Space and Security at Boeing.  “I look forward to working with Shep,” said Bill Weber, KeyW president and CEO. “His hands-on experience in developing and implementing strategies for driving growth and nurturing new business specifically aligns with our plan to expand business in the Intelligence, Cyber and Counterterrorism communities. I want to thank John for his leadership and vision for KeyW’s growth. He’s been a valuable member of the board and instrumental in building our strong foundation.” “The challenges facing our intelligence, cyber and counterterrorism communities are significant and evolving,” said Hill. “KeyW has the team, technology and customer mission focus to provide unique solutions to meet these challenges. I am excited for the opportunity to work with KeyW’s excellent executive team and to be part of the company’s impressive and accomplished Board of Directors.” Shep will serve as a member of both the Audit and Compensation Committees. About KeyW KeyW is a total solutions provider for the Intelligence, Cyber and Counterterrorism Communities’ toughest challenges. We support the collection, processing, analysis and dissemination of information across the full spectrum of their missions. We employ and challenge more than 1,000 of the most talented professionals in the industry with solving such complex problems as preventing cyber threats, transforming data into intelligence and combating global terrorism. For more information, visit us at www.keywcorp.com. Forward-Looking Statements: Statements made in this press release that are not historical facts constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such statements include but are not limited to: statements about our future expectations, plans and prospects; statements regarding  our strategies, plans, and operations; and other statements containing the words “estimates,” “believes,” “anticipates,” “plans,” “expects,” “will,” “potential,” “opportunities,” and similar expressions. Our actual results, performance or achievements or industry results may differ materially from those expressed or implied in these forward-looking statements. These statements involve numerous risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those risk factors set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, dated and filed March 15, 2016 with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as required under the Securities Act of 1934, and other filings that we make with the SEC from time to time. Due to such uncertainties and risks, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. KeyW is under no obligation to (and expressly disclaims any such obligation to) update or alter its forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Contact:
Chris Donaghey     
Investor Relations
443.733.1600

Heather Williams
Corporate Media Relations 
443.733.1613 Author karolPosted on November 10, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Frost & Sullivan Recognizes BroadReach for Improving the Health and Wellbeing of Underserved Populations Next Next post: Metro Ethernet Forum (MEF) recognizes AT&T with top honors at the 2016 Excellence Awards Search for: Search Recent Posts City Edge Offers Budget Accommodations in Melbourne for People Attending November Events Millennium Corporation Wins Prime Position On $248M B2S2 IDIQ For PEO IEW&S, And Is Awarded Task Orders 0001 And 0002 Totaling Over $35M 2016 Big Buck World Champions Crowned! Hazeltree 任命Ayman Sakr領導全球客戶服務組織 Semtech UHD-SDI Broadcast Semiconductors Enable Panasonic’s Next-Generation UHD Video Products Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
null
null
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Wednesday, November 16, 2016 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Berlin’s wild charms make it first choice for Syrian artists Erdogan helps Turkish actor ask for Moroccan beauty queen’s hand in marriage Japanese actor Mifune honored with star in Hollywood ‘The Rock’ talks a future in politics, including potential White House run Lindsay Lohan invites US President-elect Trump to visit Syria and Turkey with her AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Business Saudia buys new planes, adds new int’l destinations Business Saudia buys new planes, adds new int’l destinations Nov 10, 2016 938 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter Saudia Director General Saleh Bin Nasser Al-Jasser delivers his remarks during the receiving of the airlines’ first Boeing B777-300ER aircraft in Seattle, Washington, DC By Shahd Alhamdan Saudi Gazette SEATTLE — Aligning with the Saudi National Transformation Plan 2020, Saudi Arabian Airlines (Saudia) has around six new strategies that it has started to implement and aiming to achieve by 2020, Saudia Director General Saleh Bin Nasser Al-Jasser revealed during a press conference that Saudia held in Seattle on Tuesday, a day before receiving the airlines’ first Boeing B777-300ER aircraft supplied with new and luxurious compartments for the first class passengers. He said the first strategy was developing and updating the aircraft fleet and developing the airlines work in general. This strategy has been implemented, as the company aims to have around 200 new airplanes by 2020, targets around 45 million passengers per year, and around 1,000 flights everyday. Al-Jasser mentioned that in 2016, 29 aircraft were added to the fleet and the goal next year is to add around 30 more airplanes. Saudia is getting rid of several types of aircraft, including 747 and Embraer plane fleet. By Dec. 1, the last plane from the Embraer fleet will have its last traveling flight from Riyadh to Dammam and after that, the company will not use this type of the aircraft again. Saudia intends to sell some parts of these decommissioned airplanes or sell the whole aircraft. “The second strategy that we will be working on to achieve, is increasing the productivity as well as the performance efficiency of the employees through several ways, including some initiatives,” Al-Jasser said. The third strategy is to enhance the services as well as the whole passengers experiences through training the employees, while the fourth strategy is focusing and aligning between products and different customer segments. He added that the fifth strategy would be on focusing on human resources, which includes having a suitable working environment and measuring the performance. Finally, investing in technology and improving it, he noted. Al-Jasser moreover said that Saudia is also launching new flight destination this year. Ankara would be the new destination and after few days from this opening, Algeria would be another new destination for the airlines. By 2017, other new destinations will be opened too. SOURCESaudi Gazzette TAGS Planes Saudia SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleWorld leaders pledge to work with Trump Next articleIISJAA soccer tourney begins today Ajaz Ali RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Saudia’s Boeing planes make the difference for KSA’s flag carrier Boeing marks its 100th year with people’s comfort and environment as top priority Jazan security force honors Saudia NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply November 2016 S M T W T F S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   STAY CONNECTED 1,484,174FansLike 41,072FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts King receives message from Algerian president Nov 16, 2016 Crown Prince: Beef up efforts to fight sexual exploitation of children Nov 16, 2016 Arab League role important: King Nov 16, 2016 Deputy Crown Prince stresses more coordination to confront challenges Nov 16, 2016 Global CEOs back Saudi tech and innovation agenda Nov 16, 2016 Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
null
null
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases Heroes & Legends featuring the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame® Presented by Boeing Opens at Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex November 11, 2016 CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla., Nov. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — KENNEDY SPACE CENTER — A blast of colors lit up the sky today at Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex in Florida above the new Heroes & Legends featuring the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame presented by Boeing. But not because of a rocket launch! Experience the interactive Multimedia News Release here: https://www.multivu.com/players/English/7973151-kennedy-space-center-heroes-legends Continue Reading Heroes & Legends Grand Opening highlights featuring Hall of Fame astronauts U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame Jim Lovell, U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame Heroes & Legends featuring the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame presented by Boeing Representatives of NASA, Boeing and Delaware North, which operates Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex for NASA, are joined by 25 Hall of Fame astronauts from the Mercury, Gemini, Apollo and Space Shuttle programs to celebrate the opening of Heroes & Legends featuring the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame presented by Boeing. Through the Eyes of a Hero is a custom-built theater featuring a multisensory 4-D experience during which guests vicariously join NASA’s heroes and legends on the most perilous stages of their missions. A spirited pyrotechnics display marked the opening of the new attraction, which was attended by more than 25 veteran and current NASA astronauts, including revered Gemini and Apollo space program astronauts Buzz Aldrin, James Lovell and Thomas Stafford. They were joined by the adult children of the late-astronauts Alan Shepard and Neil Armstrong, as well as representatives from NASA, The Boeing Company and Delaware North.  Hundreds of park guests also attended the ceremony, which was held on Veterans Day to honor all military heroes, including the many astronauts who are also military veterans. Designed to be the first stop upon entering Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex, Heroes & Legends uses the early years of the space program to explore the concept of heroism, and the qualities that define the individuals who inspired their generation. The 37,000-square-foot, retro-fitted building marries cutting-edge technology with mesmerizing special effects, priceless artifacts and thought-provoking exhibits. “The opening of Heroes & Legends today marks a true milestone for Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex,” said Therrin Protze, chief operating officer. “And it is such an honor to have so many astronaut heroes here with us to share in the celebration. We are so grateful that they can personally experience this living tribute to their sacrifices, determination and achievements. “Heroes & Legends offers the opportunity to learn about the amazing attributes of our heroes behind the transformative and historical events that have shaped the way we look at space, the world and the future. It will not only entertain and inspire guests, but lay the groundwork for their interactions throughout the other amazing attractions to create memorable space experiences,” Protze said. Through engaging storytelling, guests embark on an awe-inspiring journey through Heroes & Legends that begins with an immersive exhibit designed to spark thought and discussion about how society defines a hero. Cutting-edge technology, interactive elements and engaging exhibits work together to introduce visitors to the heroes of the NASA space program: the pioneers who made space exploration possible. The deliberate architectural design for the new building is meant to celebrate spacecraft throughout history and into the future, and features a 30-by-40-foot bas-relief sculpture of the seven Mercury astronauts on its facade. A dramatic, sweeping ramp entrance simulates the journey to the stars, and features an elevated slingshot path through the Rocket Garden. Heroes & Legends is separated into three distinct experiences, plus the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame: In the stunning 360-degree discovery bay, What is a Hero?, guests explore how society defines heroism through diverse perspectives. Each examination of heroism starts with the following questions: What is a hero; Who are the heroes of our time; and What does it take to be a hero? During the seven-minute presentation, the historic beginning of the space race is acknowledged as the impetus for America’s push to the stars in NASA’s early years and the rivalry between the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. Through the Eyes of a Hero is a custom-built theater featuring a multisensory 4-D experience during which guests vicariously join NASA’s heroes and legends on the most perilous stages of their missions. Artistically choreographed lighting and special effects are enhanced by intense, deeply resonant sound effects and surrounding images to create the sensation of being “in the moment.” The seven-and-a-half-minute show takes guests on an intimate journey with four space-age heroes – Alan Shepard, Neil Armstrong, John Glenn and James Lovell – to fully immerse them in the awe, excitement and dangers of the first crewed space program missions. The third experience, A Hero Is…, offers interactive exhibits that highlight the nine different attributes of our history-making astronauts:  inspired, curious, passionate, tenacious, disciplined, confident, courageous, principled and selfless. Through the use of holograms and augmented reality, visitors will be able to interact with space program artifacts in a way never before possible. A collection of nine exhibit modules explores each aforementioned attribute through the actual experiences of NASA’s astronauts and memorabilia. Their stories are enhanced with real artifacts from the astronaut and the space program, including a Gemini IX capsule featuring a realistic projection of astronaut Gene Cernan climbing out of the tiny spacecraft. Other interactive features inspire further exploration of the original Mercury Mission Control room consoles, with a periodic flashback to the tense moments preceding the landing of Freedom 7 by astronaut John Glenn. Rounding out the collection of authentic artifacts is a Sigma 7 Mercury spacecraft, which is paired with a Mercury-Redstone rocket, and Gus Grissom’s Mercury spaceflight suit. The culminating exhibit of Heroes & Legends is the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame. Housed in a majestic rotunda, the exhibit intimately connects the visitor to each of the nearly 100 astronaut inductees through the use of state-of-the-art interactive technology. A signature element of the experience is the ability to capture a memento: a special photo opportunity that allows guests to pose with one of the Mercury astronaut heroes and legends. “The goal is for visitors to leave both attractions with a renewed sense of pride and a more in-depth understanding and appreciation of the qualities of heroism represented by NASA’s pioneering astronauts, and why they deserve admiration and respect,” Protze said. Heroes & Legends featuring the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame® presented Boeing was developed in collaboration with NASA by Delaware North, one of the largest privately-held hospitality companies in the world. Delaware North has operated Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex for NASA since 1995, also developing Space Shuttle Atlantis®, the Apollo/Saturn V Center and other attractions at Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex. The facility is completely funded by ticket sales, with no contributions from taxpayer dollars. For more information or to book a visit, go to www.KennedySpaceCenter.com. About Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex brings to life the epic story of the U.S. space program, offering a full day or more of fun, inspiration and educational activities, including the Kennedy Space Center Tour featuring the Apollo/Saturn V Center with an actual Saturn V moon rocket, Space Shuttle Atlantis®, Shuttle Launch Experience®, IMAX® A Beautiful Planet 3D and Journey To Space 3D films, Astronaut Encounter, Journey To Mars: Explorers Wanted, Science on a Sphere®, Rocket Garden, Cosmic Quest, and many other exhibits. Opening November 11 is Heroes & Legends featuring the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame. Only 45 minutes from Orlando, Fla., Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex opens daily at 9 a.m. with closing times varying by season.  Admission is $50 + tax for adults and $40 + tax for children ages 3-11. Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex offers annual passes starting at $75 + tax for adults and $60 + tax for children ages 3-11. For more information, call 877-313-2610 or visit www.KennedySpaceCenter.com. Twitter: @ExploreSpaceKSC facebook.com/KennedySpaceCenterVisitorComplex Instagram: @kennedyspacecenter #JoinTheJourney #HeroesAndLegends satprnews.com Author karolPosted on November 12, 2016November 12, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Mateon Announces Adjournment of Special Meeting of Stockholders Next Next post: Corboy & Demetrio Named to 2017 Best Law Firms by U.S. News Search for: Search Recent Posts Radio interview on Triple M Melbourne Evertz Technologies Limited to Announce Second Quarter Fiscal Year 2017 Results on December 1, 2016 RMP Energy Announces Closing of Strategic Ante Creek Asset Disposition ShaMaran Q3 2016 Financial and Operating Results Liquor Stores N.A. Ltd. Announces November Cash Dividend Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Nov 15, 6:01 PM CST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe World THE SEARCH FOR MH370 Flight MH370 Update: Search Report Delay Speculated To Be 'Death Dive Theory' Cover-Up By Suman Varandani @suman09 On 11/12/16 AT 7:12 AM Close The Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB), which is leading the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370, will not release a report by international experts reviewing the strategy to find the missing plane until the search is complete, authorities said. The move by the Australian authorities has given rise to speculation that ATSB is using a public relations cover for its decision to base the search on its “death dive” theory of an unpiloted rapid descent at the end of the flight, the Australian reported Friday. Alternately, it is also suggested that authorities may be reviewing to identify a new search area. Last week, Australia's Transport Minister Darren Chester reportedly conducted a three-day meeting in Canberra of the ATSB’s Search Strategy Working Group, made up of experts from air crash investigation organizations in the U.S. and Britain, satellite group Inmarsat, Boeing, European aerospace group ­Thales and the Australian Defence Science and Technology Organization. Representatives from the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organisation, Geoscience Australia and the Malaysian and Chinese governments attended a "first principles review." Experts would “review all the available data and analysis ­associated with the search to date” and “inform the remainder of the search effort, and develop guidance for any future search operations," Chester said.  Roger Gott­lob, spokesman for the Joint Agency Coordination Centre, said the report “is currently being drafted and will be released in the coming months,” but did not mention whether it will be complete before the search ended. “The main focus for all concerned will continue to be finding the aircraft to assist the Malaysian investigation team and to bring closure to the families of the passengers and crew of MH370,” Gottlob said. ATSB announced last month that bad weather in the search zone in a remote part of the southern Indian Ocean pushed the operation's end to January or February next year. The search of a 46,000-square-mile area has been ongoing for nearly three years with no concrete clues about the plane's whereabouts. Related Stories Hunt For Missing Jet Resumes After Delay Missing Jet Was Out Of Control Before Crash Flight MH370 went missing on March 8, 2014, with 239 people on board while on its way from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. The ATSB was “just trying to write a cover story to protect themselves," professional pilot and aviation commentator Byron Bailey reportedly said, adding that "they started with the wrong basis for the search that the pilot was unresponsive." Air crash investigator John Cox reportedly said the ATSB review was “the next logical step.” “It is self-evident that the search effort, to date, has not been successful,” Cox said, according to the Australian, adding: “Therefore, it is reasonable to put the experts in a room to review all the available data for ideas and recommendations. If this group finds reason to, and recommends searching in a different area, it will be much ­easier to persuade the involved countries.” Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Small Business Owners Voicing Support For Trump Donald Trump's supporters drew up a blacklist of companies to boycott on Reddit, but endorsed some small-town businesses that voiced their love for the president-elect during the campaign. Technology Best Video Games In November 2016 For Xbox One, PS4 And PC November is another amazing month for game releases, including Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare, Final Fantasy XV , Dishonored 2, WatchDogs and more. We’ve compiled a list of the best video games for Xbox One, PS4 and PC being released in November 2016. World ISIS's Hyper-Extremism Responsible For Increase In Hate Crimes Charity's report says hyper-extremists are trying to create religious mono-cultures through brutality. National Warren Accuses Trump Of Reneging On 'Drain The Swamp' Pledge The Massachusetts Democrat pledge to fight Donald Trump “every step of the way, for the next four years” if she sees him taking action that will harm those not among the 1 percenters. © Copyright 2016 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Master Herald Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Menu Sports Technology TV Social Cars Politics Middle East Pulse Finding Flight MH370: Will the Search be fruitful? Let’s See! Posted By: Faramarz HedayatiPosted date: November 13, 2016In: Social Page 1 of 212» The Malaysian airline flight MH370 vanished from its route on the 8th of March 2014 and has continued to be the most mysterious cases of all times. The reason behind its going off the grid has still not been clear. The search for the carrier of 239 passengers has proved to be costly and unsuccessful. Its last contact with the air traffic control was when it was flying over the South China Sea. The Malaysian military radar kept track of the plane till it drifted westwards and finally disappeared for good. Numerous underwater searches have been conducted in order to unearth the mystery. The speculated reasons have ranged from lack of oxygen to a destructive pilot. The case saw a ray of hope when there was some debris found near Mozambique and Australia. But, there was never a clear explanation about the course of events that led to this fate. However, there has been information that has emerged in order to build the picture of the probable cause of the accident. A new report by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau says that the flight was seen shooting towards the sea with a high rate of descent. The plane’s landing flaps were also stowed which confirms that the passengers and crew were not preparing for a water landing. The reports also suggest that there was no one controlling the plane before it crashed. Theories suggest that there could be a fire which led to a shortage of oxygen in the cabin or a breach in one of the windows. Due to these reasons, the passengers and crew might have been dead much before the plane ran out of fuel and was seen descending into the Indian Ocean. So far, 11,000 square kilometers of deep sea search for the remainder of MH370. But, there’s hardly anything to prove it. Officials suggest that final conclusion is close to impossible till such time the exact location of the Boeing 777 is found through satellite coverage. There are also speculations that suggest towards someone still controlling the plane towards the end of its flight. But that complicates the search operations further more as it would increase the possible area of crash by three times. Peter Foley, the bureau’s director suggests that the study of the wing flap found in Tanzania suggests that it was not deployed. This further suggests that the Boeing was not controlled and the area being search is in fact, the only area to find possible wreckage. A summit was held in Canberra in order to examine the performed search and possibilities for further search with a team including international and Australian experts. Up till now, 20 parts of debris has been discovered, that are either speculated or confirmed to be of MH370. But the sonar search conducted underwater led to no successful findings. However, the search will continue further as planned in hopes of discovering something else related to the plane going missing. Barring the deep sea search, no other sort of search has been scheduled yet. The planned search of the remaining area will be complete by early 2017 and the team does not plan on extending this search unless concrete evidence if found. The current operation is to find where exactly did the first piece of debris come from. The study will look into the place from where it might have drifted towards Tanzania, which could be helpful in finding the major part of the debris. Page 1 of 212» Like 0 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Share 0 Related Articles Kate Upton and Justin Verlander Can’t Keep Their Hands Off Each Other in their Romantic Italian Vacation! November 15, 2016 Mia Khalifa Vouched for Trump as She Matches Madonna’s Offer to Those Who Voted for Clinton November 15, 2016 Angelina Jolie Scrambling to Do Everything Possible to Cheer Her Children Up Following Divorce with Brad Pitt November 15, 2016 Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Pages About Master Herald Ads Contact Us Staff Categories Cars Middle East Pulse Politics Social Sports Technology TV About Us Address: Al-Mashroot Akhbar Company, 75 Al Iskan Street, P.O. Box 5230, Post Code 115, Muscat, Sultanate of Oman Email: Info [at] MasterHerald.com
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East REGISTER LOGIN MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية Search  37 °C Dubai 16 Nov 2016 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float Gulf Capital acquires controlling stake in Sporter.com Egypt's SODIC to raise housing prices 20-30% on pound float INTERVIEW: Dubai’s Easa Saleh Al Gurg Group to invest in UK commercial property Dubai Properties nears completion of Culture Village tower project Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Qatar's United Development Company invests in new projects Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Saudi Arabia, Egypt to complete power grid link in 2017 Morocco to tender for 800 MW solar plants by start of 2017 Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake China's ICBC is Dubai commodities exchange settlement bank India to use indelible ink to ensure people change cash only once Noor Bank closes $231 mln Islamic loan for UAE's Ajman Bank Pak-Qatar Takaful expands in Pakistan IDB to announce sukuk roadshow this week UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Ericsson sees global smartphone subscriptions doubling by 2022 Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 UAE's action plan for fourth industrial revolution Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Food production in Syria hits all-time low- U.N. France says Israeli bill on settlements a risk to two-state solution Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Egypt offers investors projects worth $173 mln Kerry says cessation of hostilities in Yemen to start Nov 17 Islamic State kills civilians in Mosul to deter support for army Banks could move from UK 18 months before a "hard Brexit" Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Dubai's Shuaa gets regulatory approval for ADFG to buy stake Saudi stocks tumble on profit-taking, especially in banks Gulf mixed after MSCI adjusts indexes Dollar dips after soaring to 11-month highs Dollar rise a threat to global financial stability- BIS Sterling hammered again after Brexit memo leak Oil prices up 2% on hopes of OPEC output cut Gold rebounds on Trump policy uncertainty Algeria's Oct crude oil exports hit record high Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs New Financial Action Strategy 2017-2022 on track: QCB governor UAE court jails three men for involvement in banned groups Egypt blocks bank account of torture victims' center - lawyer Egypt says foils Muslim Brotherhood plot on eve of planned protests Oman's Tanfeedh could change 30-40 laws: Shura members Dubai ruler amends law on SMEs 46 Kuwaiti domestic labor offices have their licenses revoked Lebanese businessman transferred Libya cash for Sarkozy 2007 election Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Egyptian court overturns ex-president Mursi's death sentence Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports UAE first regionally and third globally in Tolerance Index Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Al Qasimi Hospital performs first robotic bariatric surgery Yemen's suspected cholera cases double to 4,000-plus: WHO New research investigates how to stop drug resistant organisms Abu Dhabi Art fair expands across the capital Facebook's WhatsApp adds secure video calling Paris-style fresh food market to come to Dubai Dubai Road Authority passengers to enjoy free WiFi on intercity buses 'Supermoon' spectacle wows sky-watchers Lufthansa pilots' union says strikes possible as talks collapse Bon Jovi takes Billboard's No.1 album spot for 6th time Aerosmith rock band in 2017 farewell European tour Mahmoud Abdul Aziz, Arab Al Pacino, dies at 70 Swiss-based trade union to inspect Qatar 2022 World Cup sites Golf- Willett aiming to end "turbulent year" on Dubai high Columbia University suspends wrestling team over racist texts Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Latest News Multimedia Press Releases Top News MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرَقُ الأَوْسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home U.S. presidential election Article gcc Once critical, Gulf executives want to do business with Trump 11 November, 2016 Traders work at a Saudi bank in Riyadh Reuters/Fahad Shadeed * Gulf businesses offers welcoming message to Trump * Some were upset over anti-Muslim comments on campaign trail * Gulf airlines wait for his view on trade disagreement By David French DUBAI, Nov 11 (Reuters) - Gulf executives who were upset by Donald Trump's campaign trail comments about Muslims took a conciliatory tone following his election victory and said they were open for business with the United States. Advertisement In Dubai, boards displaying the President-elect's name and his support for a DAMAC project to build a gated community, spa and Trump-branded golf course can be seen from a road on the edge of the city. Gulf business links with Trump and other U.S. firms are strong. The United States imported $32.4 billion of goods including oil from the six Gulf countries in 2015 and the region is the most important client base for Boeing and a number of U.S. defence firms. The Gulf's sovereign wealth funds also have hundreds of billions of dollars of U.S. investments. Nevertheless, Arab business figures were angry about Trump's campaign calls for Muslims to be banned from entering the United States, following the murder of 14 people in San Bernardino, California, by a Muslim couple in December 2015. Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, head of investment firm Kingdom Holding which has stakes in U.S. firms including Citigroup and Twitter , called him a "disgrace not only to the GOP but to all America". However, the billionaire was among those wishing him well on Wednesday, tweeting: "President elect @realDonaldTrump whatever the past differences, America has spoken, congratulations & best wishes for your presidency." Another billionaire businessman, Khalaf al-Habtoor, who worked with Trump on a construction project that was halted in 2008, wrote an op-ed in a local newspaper in August last year backing Trump for the presidency. But Habtoor backtracked after Trump's Muslim comments and said Gulf money would quit the U.S. if he won. Speaking to Arabian Business on Wednesday, Habtoor insisted Trump's comments on Muslims "were for the election only" and he would now tone down his rhetoric, something that would open the door to re-establishing good relations with the Gulf. Political ties between the United States and the Gulf, in particular Saudi Arabia, have been strained by President Barack Obama's pursuit of a nuclear deal with Iran, which has led to opinions that America has abandoned its long-term allies in favour of their regional rival. Relations were also damaged by the U.S. Congress's approval in September of legislation which paves the way for families of the victims of the Sept. 11 terrorist attack to sue the government of Saudi Arabia, whose citizens accounted for 15 of the 19 hijackers. "FAIR COMPETITOR" Some Gulf firms reassessed their links with Trump at the end of last year: DAMAC temporarily removed references to his name from advertising, and regional retailer Landmark Group pulled a Trump-branded line of homeware from its Lifestyle chain of department stores. But a spokeswoman for DAMAC told Reuters on Thursday that Trump-linked projects still carried his name. Landmark Group declined to comment. Mohammed al-Ardhi, executive chairman of alternative investment firm Investcorp , which has billions of dollars in U.S. real estate and other investments, was complementary about Trump. "Investcorp knows that Mr. Trump is fair because we competed against him on the Tiffany acquisition and he did not mind us winning that deal," Ardhi told an investor event on Wednesday, referring to its 1984 purchase of the New York jewellery firm. Gulf sovereign wealth funds have invested huge sums of cash into the American economy. Abu Dhabi Investment Authority has the largest geographical weighting for its estimated-$792 billion portfolio in North America at between 35 and 50 percent. It owns significant amounts of real estate for example, including a number of high-end hotels in major U.S. cities. The Qatar Investment Authority said in September 2015 it would help the Gulf state invest $35 billion in the U.S. over five years. Spokesmen for the QIA and ADIA declined to comment on the election. UNCERTAINTY FOR AIRLINES Gulf airlines are waiting to see where Trump stands on a disagreement with U.S. carriers. A group including American Airlines and United Airlines say United Arab Emirates-based Emirates and Etihad Airways, and Qatar Airways, have unfairly benefited from state subsidies, and have called for a review of the Open Skies trade agreement with those countries. Some Gulf airline executives had previously expressed concerns that Trump could favour U.S. interests at the expense of the rest of the global aviation industry. "It's so important for our business that the liberalisation that spreads through from the Clinton era of politics on global trade continues," Emirates President Tim Clark told reporters in Dubai on Oct. 18, adding Trump "may go about the introduction of more constraints on global trade". A spokeswoman for Emirates and spokesman for Etihad Airways declined to comment on the election result. However, Qatar Airways' Group Chief Executive Akbar al-Baker, who voiced support for Trump even after his comments about Muslims, welcomed his victory. "Our relationship goes way back, and I was one of the first to commend Donald on his well-deserved new leadership position," he said in a statement to Reuters. (Additional Reporting by Alexander Cornwell, Tom Arnold and Celine Aswad in Dubai and Marwa Rashad in Riyadh; Editing by William Maclean and Anna Willard) ((davidj.french@thomsonreuters.com; +971 4 362 5864; Reuters Messaging: davidj.french.thomsonreuters.com@reuters.net)) © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: aviation business united states Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba appoints new manager for Calciner & Marine 10 Nov 2016 Joséphine Verine appointed COO marketing of the Lombard Odier Group 07 Nov 2016 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2016 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
null
null
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Five Star Professional Honors Robby Leviton of the Knowles Team-Keller Williams Realty with the 2016 Five Star Real Estate Agent Award Five Star Professional Honors Robby Leviton of the Knowles Team-Keller Williams Realty with the 2016 Five Star Real Estate Agent Award Posted on November 12, 2016 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Robby Leviton named one of Seattle’s outstanding real estate agents with fewer than 7% awarded. Seattle, WA (PRWEB) November 11, 2016 Robby Leviton, the Knowles Team-Keller Williams Realty, is featured in a special section of the December issue of Seattle magazine as a 2016 Five Star Real Estate Agent award winner. “This award confirms to me that my goal of showing my clients that I value them and want their Real Estate adventure to be enjoyable is being met since it is my clients that have seen to it that I have received the award so many times. I truly appreciate the trust and confidence they have given me by allowing me to help them and their families with such an important part of their lives and it is an even higher honor that they have given me so many referrals to help others that they know and care about. Our continued relationship through life is a joy I look forward to for many years to come,” said Robby Leviton of The Knowles Team-Keller Williams Realty. Five Star Professional partnered with Seattle magazine to identify and showcase an exclusive group of real estate agents who have demonstrated excellence in their field. Less than 7% of agents in the Seattle-area received this recognition. “After a wonderful 27 year career at Boeing with many years in Management helping my teams to grow and enjoy expanding their jobs I felt it was time to make an impact at a different level. Being a Realtor allows me to become and stay involved with the people I help on what is probably the most personal level-buying a Home,” said Robby Leviton. The 2016 Five Star Real Estate Agent award winners have been carefully selected for their commitment to professional excellence and overall client satisfaction. The award is based on rigorous research with significant focus on customer feedback and providing quality services. “Our list of local Five Star Real Estate Agents can be an invaluable resource for anyone looking to buy or sell a home. These agents are exceptional in their field and their commitment to client satisfaction; and are right in your backyard,” Dan Zdon, CEO, Five Star Professional. “My Mission is to introduce people to the property that is right for them. This may be a personal home or an investment property. Buying and selling several homes, as well as owning investment properties has taught me a lot about how the process works as well as what is missing. One of my goals is that when we work together you will find the adventure both Fun and Educational,” said Robby Leviton. About the research process: Now entering its 14th year, Five Star Professional conducts in-depth, market-specific research in more than 45 markets across the United States and Canada to identify premium service professionals. Five Star Professional contacts thousands of recent homebuyers to identify award candidates. Phone, mail and online respondents rate their real estate agent on 10 satisfaction criteria. Candidates with a qualifying client satisfaction rating move on to be evaluated on objective criteria such as experience, production levels and disciplinary and complaint history. Real estate agents do not pay a fee to be considered or awarded. For more information, visit http://www.fivestarprofessional.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/Robby/Leviton/prweb13846107.htm Latest News Clearview Resolution Services Sends Employees on Thanksgiving Retreat DIC Announces Major Expansion of Production Capacity for Linablue® – The #1 Natural Blue Food Coloring on Earth In Thanksgiving Spirit, Clearview Resolution Services Donates Office Equipment Yauatcha Waikiki To Host Job Fair November 19-21 Clearview Resolution Services Hosts Potluck Dinner Nov. 21 Pennsylvania Businesses Led by Smith Land & Improvement Corporation, Governor Tom Wolf, and Lawmakers Declared November Small Business Month in Pennsylvania The American Addiction Treatment Association (AATA) is Proud to Partner with First Vendor: Infinity Behavioral Health Services WCPE FM Hosts New World Weekend Wayne Homes Announces Model Grand Re-Opening at Sandusky Model Center Rightpoint Honored for Third Consecutive Year as One of Chicago Tribune’s Top Workplaces © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Heroes & Legends featuring the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame® Presented by Boeing Opens at Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex November 11, 2016 CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla., Nov. 11, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — KENNEDY SPACE CENTER — A blast of colors lit up the sky today at Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex in Florida above the new Heroes & Legends featuring the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame presented by Boeing. But not because of a rocket launch! Experience the interactive Multimedia News Release here: https://www.multivu.com/players/English/7973151-kennedy-space-center-heroes-legends Continue Reading Heroes & Legends Grand Opening highlights featuring Hall of Fame astronauts U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame Jim Lovell, U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame Heroes & Legends featuring the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame presented by Boeing Representatives of NASA, Boeing and Delaware North, which operates Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex for NASA, are joined by 25 Hall of Fame astronauts from the Mercury, Gemini, Apollo and Space Shuttle programs to celebrate the opening of Heroes & Legends featuring the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame presented by Boeing. Through the Eyes of a Hero is a custom-built theater featuring a multisensory 4-D experience during which guests vicariously join NASA’s heroes and legends on the most perilous stages of their missions. A spirited pyrotechnics display marked the opening of the new attraction, which was attended by more than 25 veteran and current NASA astronauts, including revered Gemini and Apollo space program astronauts Buzz Aldrin, James Lovell and Thomas Stafford. They were joined by the adult children of the late-astronauts Alan Shepard and Neil Armstrong, as well as representatives from NASA, The Boeing Company and Delaware North.  Hundreds of park guests also attended the ceremony, which was held on Veterans Day to honor all military heroes, including the many astronauts who are also military veterans. Designed to be the first stop upon entering Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex, Heroes & Legends uses the early years of the space program to explore the concept of heroism, and the qualities that define the individuals who inspired their generation. The 37,000-square-foot, retro-fitted building marries cutting-edge technology with mesmerizing special effects, priceless artifacts and thought-provoking exhibits. “The opening of Heroes & Legends today marks a true milestone for Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex,” said Therrin Protze, chief operating officer. “And it is such an honor to have so many astronaut heroes here with us to share in the celebration. We are so grateful that they can personally experience this living tribute to their sacrifices, determination and achievements. “Heroes & Legends offers the opportunity to learn about the amazing attributes of our heroes behind the transformative and historical events that have shaped the way we look at space, the world and the future. It will not only entertain and inspire guests, but lay the groundwork for their interactions throughout the other amazing attractions to create memorable space experiences,” Protze said. Through engaging storytelling, guests embark on an awe-inspiring journey through Heroes & Legends that begins with an immersive exhibit designed to spark thought and discussion about how society defines a hero. Cutting-edge technology, interactive elements and engaging exhibits work together to introduce visitors to the heroes of the NASA space program: the pioneers who made space exploration possible. The deliberate architectural design for the new building is meant to celebrate spacecraft throughout history and into the future, and features a 30-by-40-foot bas-relief sculpture of the seven Mercury astronauts on its facade. A dramatic, sweeping ramp entrance simulates the journey to the stars, and features an elevated slingshot path through the Rocket Garden. Heroes & Legends is separated into three distinct experiences, plus the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame: In the stunning 360-degree discovery bay, What is a Hero?, guests explore how society defines heroism through diverse perspectives. Each examination of heroism starts with the following questions: What is a hero; Who are the heroes of our time; and What does it take to be a hero? During the seven-minute presentation, the historic beginning of the space race is acknowledged as the impetus for America’s push to the stars in NASA’s early years and the rivalry between the United States and the Soviet Union during the Cold War. Through the Eyes of a Hero is a custom-built theater featuring a multisensory 4-D experience during which guests vicariously join NASA’s heroes and legends on the most perilous stages of their missions. Artistically choreographed lighting and special effects are enhanced by intense, deeply resonant sound effects and surrounding images to create the sensation of being “in the moment.” The seven-and-a-half-minute show takes guests on an intimate journey with four space-age heroes – Alan Shepard, Neil Armstrong, John Glenn and James Lovell – to fully immerse them in the awe, excitement and dangers of the first crewed space program missions. The third experience, A Hero Is…, offers interactive exhibits that highlight the nine different attributes of our history-making astronauts:  inspired, curious, passionate, tenacious, disciplined, confident, courageous, principled and selfless. Through the use of holograms and augmented reality, visitors will be able to interact with space program artifacts in a way never before possible. A collection of nine exhibit modules explores each aforementioned attribute through the actual experiences of NASA’s astronauts and memorabilia. Their stories are enhanced with real artifacts from the astronaut and the space program, including a Gemini IX capsule featuring a realistic projection of astronaut Gene Cernan climbing out of the tiny spacecraft. Other interactive features inspire further exploration of the original Mercury Mission Control room consoles, with a periodic flashback to the tense moments preceding the landing of Freedom 7 by astronaut John Glenn. Rounding out the collection of authentic artifacts is a Sigma 7 Mercury spacecraft, which is paired with a Mercury-Redstone rocket, and Gus Grissom’s Mercury spaceflight suit. The culminating exhibit of Heroes & Legends is the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame. Housed in a majestic rotunda, the exhibit intimately connects the visitor to each of the nearly 100 astronaut inductees through the use of state-of-the-art interactive technology. A signature element of the experience is the ability to capture a memento: a special photo opportunity that allows guests to pose with one of the Mercury astronaut heroes and legends. “The goal is for visitors to leave both attractions with a renewed sense of pride and a more in-depth understanding and appreciation of the qualities of heroism represented by NASA’s pioneering astronauts, and why they deserve admiration and respect,” Protze said. Heroes & Legends featuring the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame® presented Boeing was developed in collaboration with NASA by Delaware North, one of the largest privately-held hospitality companies in the world. Delaware North has operated Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex for NASA since 1995, also developing Space Shuttle Atlantis®, the Apollo/Saturn V Center and other attractions at Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex. The facility is completely funded by ticket sales, with no contributions from taxpayer dollars. For more information or to book a visit, go to www.KennedySpaceCenter.com. About Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex brings to life the epic story of the U.S. space program, offering a full day or more of fun, inspiration and educational activities, including the Kennedy Space Center Tour featuring the Apollo/Saturn V Center with an actual Saturn V moon rocket, Space Shuttle Atlantis®, Shuttle Launch Experience®, IMAX® A Beautiful Planet 3D and Journey To Space 3D films, Astronaut Encounter, Journey To Mars: Explorers Wanted, Science on a Sphere®, Rocket Garden, Cosmic Quest, and many other exhibits. Opening November 11 is Heroes & Legends featuring the U.S. Astronaut Hall of Fame. Only 45 minutes from Orlando, Fla., Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex opens daily at 9 a.m. with closing times varying by season.  Admission is $50 + tax for adults and $40 + tax for children ages 3-11. Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex offers annual passes starting at $75 + tax for adults and $60 + tax for children ages 3-11. For more information, call 877-313-2610 or visit www.KennedySpaceCenter.com. Twitter: @ExploreSpaceKSC facebook.com/KennedySpaceCenterVisitorComplex Instagram: @kennedyspacecenter #JoinTheJourney #HeroesAndLegends   satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 11, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Corboy & Demetrio Named to 2017 Best Law Firms by U.S. News Next Next post: Mateon Announces Adjournment of Special Meeting of Stockholders Search for: Search Recent Posts BRICS Nations Defense Spends on C4ISR Electronics and IT: 2016 to 2024 West Hartford Chiropractic Sponsors Copper Beech Institute's Annual Harvest Celebration Jobjet Releases "Freemium" Package of Its Powerful Recruitment Software Degenerative Scoliosis Global Clinical Trials Review, H2, 2016 Proptech From Surga Central Streamlines Commercial Property Viewings Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Spaceflight Insider Search Search Home Archive Gallery Launch Calendar Mission Monitor OPINION: What’s the worst thing that could happen to NASA under Trump’s presidency? Jason Rhian November 13th, 2016 Donald Trump on the campaign trail. Photo Credit: Gage Skidmore A Trump presidency, often joked about and derided, is now a reality. With Donald Trump often described as the “ultimate outsider”, what should, or rather, what shouldn’t the president-elect do regarding space policy? While many analysts have laid out what the agency should expect from Trump, what the newly minted leader of the free world should avoid has not been discussed. Oddly enough, the greatest concern for NASA is that Trump might behave just as President Barack Obama did when he was elected into office eight years ago. Candidate Obama promised to support NASA’s efforts, claiming he was one of the agency’s biggest fans and even co-opted the space agency’s crewed program-of-record at that time (Constellation) when he used the phrase, “Moon, Mars and beyond.” Upon election, he worked to cancel that very program. In fact, had it not been for the actions of Congress, he would probably have set NASA’s efforts to send crews beyond the orbit of Earth back decades. NASA has seen numerous cuts to its budget under Obama’s regime. Image Credit: Wikimedia Commons Obama visited Kennedy Space Center in April of 2010 and skipped visiting Launch Complex 39, Space Launch Complex 37, and SLC-41. He skipped all of them and only visited SLC-40 – the launch site of SpaceX. These actions spoke volumes. However, given that NASA was placed dead last during his inaugural parade, even behind the “World Famous Lawn Rangers” and their brightly-colored lawnmowers, his true view of NASA has been rather obvious. As was noted on USA Today, experts blame Obama for the slowed pace of sending astronauts to Mars, with even Bill Nye criticizing Obama’s efforts. This was just for the 2017 NASA budget. In 2012, Space.com noted that NASA’s Planetary Sciences division was targeted to receive a rather heavy cut. As each year under his tenure has elapsed, those within the agency, both privately and publicly, have asked, “Why does he hate us so much?” While derided in some space circles as the “Senate Launch System” – for it was a design mandated by congress after the cancellation of Constellation – NASA’s Space Launch System will provide the agency with a super heavy-lift capability and a ticket to beyond-Earth orbit. Its first uncrewed flight is scheduled for late 2018. Oddly, Obama’s NASA programs of choice compliment the path NASA is aiming for – the path to Mars. Obama has shown interest in bolstering the agency’s initiative’s commercial efforts. However, if President Trump behaves as President Obama did, if Trump’s penchant for holding grudges drifts in NASA’s direction and he opts to return the favor, it could set a pattern into place that is unlikely to be broken. If every new president tries to undo what his predecessor has done, NASA will be rendered incapable of accomplishing anything. The agency is only just now seeing the vision of its two-tiered approach to crewed space flight take shape. Under that concept, NASA has empowered several private companies to produce spacecraft and launch systems to send crews to the International Space Station. These include Boeing’s CST-100 Starliner, which would be launched atop a United Launch Alliance Atlas V 422 rocket, and SpaceX’s Crew Dragon spacecraft atop its Falcon 9 rocket. While these companies would handle the delivery of astronauts to the orbiting lab, another set has already begun ferrying cargo, crew supplies, and experiments to the ISS. SpaceX again is among these with the cargo variant of its Dragon spacecraft as well as the Falcon 9. SpaceX is joined by Orbital ATK’s Cygnus spacecraft and Antares launch vehicle in launching cargo. Soon, these companies will be joined by the cargo variant of Sierra Nevada Corporation’s Dream Chaser space plane. By all accounts, Trump’s administration will likely allow both the low-Earth orbit and beyond Earth orbit efforts NASA is currently working on to continue. However, long noted as a climate change skeptic, Trump will likely cut NASA’s Earth sciences initiatives. What remains may even be moved over to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in an effort to streamline budgets. Much as we weren’t allowed to keep our doctors, Obama likely won’t get to keep the legacy he wanted. However, in terms of NASA, efforts to salvage something after Obama’s attempt to end NASA’s crewed exploration initiatives have helped forge an agency with a bright future. While Hillary Clinton’s supporters appear unwilling or unable to accept that she lost and having not gotten their way are throwing a national temper tantrum, attacking people, setting fires, and rioting – this is not the behavior of adults. Nor should it be the policy of a president. Accepting what has occurred and working with it is the sign of a rational, mature mentality. Obama should have modified Constellation and allowed NASA to continue on. He didn’t. He set a precedent that needs to be relegated, as was parts of the Constellation Program, to the trash heap of history. Trump now has to accept what has been done to NASA and show that he can behave better than Obama did. Using an Obama philosophy of cancelling whatever your predecessor has initiated would see a NASA which has its “goal-line” always set out of reach and that is a legacy NASA can do without.   Tagged: Barack Obama Commercial Crew Program Constellation Donald Trump NASA Space Launch System space policy The Range Jason Rhian Jason Rhian spent several years honing his skills with internships at NASA, the National Space Society and other organizations. He has provided content for outlets such as: Aviation Week & Space Technology, Space.com, The Mars Society and Universe Today. Related Reading Reader Comments Laurence Klein November 13, 2016 11:55 am In 2010, following the previous President’s cancellation the the Space Shuttle program, the President stated his plan for a heavy lift launch vehicle, a crew vehicle, and to send people into the solar system, rather than focus on a return to the Moon. Since then, the President’s proposed budget to Congress each year has included funding for the heavy lift vehicle, crew vehicle, their launch facility, as well as for commercial crew and cargo. Congress underfunded commercial crew for many years, while providing a small percentage increase over the President’s manned deep space budget. I think that we owe the President our gratitude for his consistent support of the U.S. manned space program. Reply Rodger Raubach November 13, 2016 2:58 pm NASA currently has too may irons in the fire to satisfy many internal constituencies. There needs be some program rationalization in order to accomplish anything other than spending taxpayer dollars. The SLS seems, at this juncture, a vehicle without a really well defined mission other than the asteroid retrieval project–which is viewed by many with a great deal of skepticism. NASA would best serve the long term goals of deep space exploration by eliminating the earth science program and allowing NOAA to take over that goal. The proposed Mars sample return mission should be melded into the manned missions to Mars, and perhaps a joint venture with SpaceX makes more sense than developing a similar and competitive booster system at a higher taxpayer cost? Maybe–just maybe–NASA could help underwrite one of the SpaceX Falcon Heavy launches to the Red Planet and begin developing a Nuclear Reactor which could be flown there for a non-solar power option for the projected Mars Base I. Development of a Mars-suitable space suit; advanced rover technology for human use? Lots to think about! Reply Nicholas November 14, 2016 6:01 am You couldn’t be more correct. In my opinion, after it was proven that the reusability is feasible, the SLS looks like a pile of money ready to be burnt at each launch without a really good reason, like a permanent base on the Moon or very elaborated missions to the Jovian and Saturnian Moons. Reply Alex November 14, 2016 2:21 am I disagree. I agree Obama should have not cancelled Constellation, but Trump should absolutely cancel SLS. Even when built, even if you don’t consider it WILL run behind schedule and be needing more money(NASA’s already admitted their Orion craft is behind schedule and searching for alternatives from SpaceX and others), the cost to operate the SLS rocket will be insane compared to what you can get out of the commercial sector. He should cancel SLS, and bypass NASA altogether for building rockets for the goernment right now, while mandating they purchase a fully assembled heavy lifter or rides from SpaceX or BO. NASA should NOT be working on building things that the commercial sector is more efficient at, cheaper, AND much newer tech and are already doing anyway. They should maintain an R&D department into researching future space travel technology, new engines, and methods for interstellar space travel. For our solar system, all the money from SLS should be funneled into SpaceX and Bue Origin for their heavy lift boosters. Reply Victor Brown November 14, 2016 3:45 am I should like to see more unmanned flights to the outer planets. There is much more to be learned about their environments. Maintain the manned program for Mars. Reply Peter November 14, 2016 9:38 am Lets just hope that President Trump provides NASA with more opportunities in future budget planning,,,and that he leaves politics out of future space planning… Reply Al Ready November 14, 2016 2:46 pm NASA isn’t building SLS or Orion, that’s Boeing & Lockheed Martin. Your statement NASA is building SLS/Orion is either a display of ignorance or a lie. Given Obama tried to cancel all of NASA’s crewed exploration initiatives? Maybe it’d serve you right if Trump cut funding to SpaceX. It makes no sense to send any more money to SpaceX until they can figure out how to launch something without it blowing up. Blue Origin has only shown it can reach sub orbit. Neither have launched a single human being anywhere (not even sub orbit). That is why NASA is working with Boeing and Lockheed Martin, these organizations have launched crews – yours haven’t. Your argument isn’t just factually-devoid, it’s selfish and stupid. While I get you’re a NewSpace fan boy and acting solely on your love of those companies, your argument is shallow and transparent. The article states both efforts, including the ones that fund “your” companies, should be maintained. That’s shows a heck of a lot more grace than your comment did. Rather than show your appreciation for and acknowledge that, you choose to continue with the behavior which has cost your side so much this year. Unwise. America has spoken and it said it’s had enough of such displays of arrogance. Until your companies launch somebody, anybody, somewhere without the rocket blowing itself up – you don’t get the big contracts. Understand? As of November 8th the shoe is on the other foot and you could find yourselves in the funding crosshairs. Maybe it’d help you understand how many of us felt when Obama tried to flush everything we’d been working on for years, if Trump cancelled “your” programs. Reply Rodger Raubach November 14, 2016 5:03 pm The re have been comments here and on other sites that the SLS will probably never accomplish the asteroid retrieval mission–which is pretty pointless anyway. So far, Orbital ATK and SpaceX have flown supply missions to ISS, whereas BO has done a number of suborbital demonstration flights. My understanding is–SpaceX gets paid for actual deliveries, and no R & D funding; ditto Orbital. SpaceX has had 2 explosions in something like 26 missions, and Orbital had one very spectacular failure. NASA itself lost 2 Space Shuttles, and the crew of Apollo I. The track records are all about what one would expect in this field of endeavor. My suggestion: cancel the SLS, which is horrendously expensive and see whether or not the Obama cancelled Ares I can be salvaged/resurrected n order to reclaim some of the money spent? That was powered by an Orbital ATK solid booster, I seem to recall? This whole start-stop system accomplishes nothing other than burn up lots of taxpayer dollars. The whole “cost plus” funding model is at the hear of things; pay only for performance at the completion and successful outcome of projects, or at stage achievement goals. And, neither SpaceX nor Orbital ATK have lost astronauts; NASA and the Shuttle HAVE> Reply Al Ready November 14, 2016 6:39 pm I agree with some of what you have to say, however, your comment that: “And, neither SpaceX nor Orbital ATK have lost astronauts; NASA and the Shuttle HAVE>” is transparent/disingenuous. It’s hard to lose someone when you’ve launched no one – sorry that argument is meaningless and kinda sad (Orbital ATK isn’t even involved on CCP – I don’t know what you were thinking by suggesting otherwise). From what I’m told, due to it being fueled after crew would board Dragon? Many astronauts consider SpaceX’s design to be a flying coffin and they’ve got two accidents in 14 months validating those fears. To that, two accidents in 14 months versus three accidents over the course of 36 YEARS. I understand, I really do, folks make inaccurate comparisons and ignore certain facts all the time and this was probably just a mistake on your part. However, you also downplay SpaceX’s own “spectacular failures.” Anyone who watches what happened to the Falcon 9 back on September 1 would have to do some impressive mental gymnastics to NOT call that spectacular and given that a Dragon spacecraft is currently serving as an artificial reef at the bottom of the Atlantic – ditto for the catastrophic CRS-7 mission. I fail to see the point of resurrecting Ares 1? Why just that rocket? Why not the Ares V as well? It seems you’re “path forward” is to merely funnel funds to only LEO operations – where we’ve been stuck since 1972. I want the agency to actually do something again. The only thing the continued NewSpace gravy train accomplishes is duplicating what we produced back in the 1960s. That doesn’t sound like much of a future to me and a great many others, sorry, we’ll take a pass on that. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jlj2BW8AtUQ Reply Rodger Raubach November 14, 2016 9:11 pm OK, I believe we are somewhat on the same page in many of these issues. I understand the concerns regarding the newSpace corporations haven’t yet built up the track record you would like to see. Before anyone rides to orbit aboard a SpaceX Falcon 9 v.1.2, there will be at least 2 more test flights in order to fly the Dragon manned capsule version and to test the abort system. There will also be several more Falcon 9 unmanned flights taking loads to the ISS and inserting comsats into GTOs. Other than SpaceX and Boeing, there isn’t any other option than reliance on the Russians. I too am pushing for getting out of LEO and doing something exciting. What NASA has contracted for thus far is a truck line making deliveries to the ISS, and nothing else. I’m a huge supporter of the Mars Direct or Mars Semi Direct models for further exploration. The NASA Mars Sample Return mission is about as complicated and convoluted as they can make it–just to support many of the internal groups who would otherwise be irrelevant. What NASA really lacks is a clearly defined mission; not some cockamamie asteroid retrieval, but either a return to the Moon, but better to Mars. I simply suggested resurrecting Ares I as a starting point and using a cheaper technology for the deep space probes instead of this massive SLS that will break the budget in a manner similar to how the ISS has monopolized the NASA budgets. Not really wanting to argue, but simply use this forum as a sounding board for some ideas. Reply Al Ready November 14, 2016 10:21 pm Totally agree we need to end our dependence on Russia. However, for me, this isn’t about “doing something exciting.” This is about the preservation of the human race. You nailed it, NASA has no clearly defined mission and it needs one. One that isn’t messed with by (as this article suggests) any new president coming in (as the big “O” did). Moon first, develop it as a staging area for Mars. I just don’t see how resurrecting Ares 1 will do anything. My take? Redevelop/rebudget SLS to make it more affordable. If you want to launch crew on a separate vehicle, maybe the Falcon Heavy (once SpaceX un”bleeps” itself). Not trying to argue either and I have to say, having someone willing to meet in the middle is rather refreshing! Thanks! Reply Rodger Raubach November 14, 2016 10:56 pm For me, doing something exciting is defined by doing science on a planetary surface, preferably Mars. By “doing science,” that means looking for life either past or present. I would not be doing the field science, were I to be on an expedition, but running a laboratory seeking out complex organic molecules which are either metabolic building blocks or evidence of life past. The Miller-Urey experiment indicated that amino acids are formed by UV irradiation and spark discharge in an atmosphere composed of Carbon Dioxide, Ammonia, and water. Miller’s experiments neglected to include hydrogen sulfide, otherwise even more than 16 amino acids could have formed. Looking for traces of amino acids carbohydrates, polynuclear aromatic hydrocarbons, and other bio indicators would be thrilling for me. There isn’t the excitement for me scientifically in a return to the Moon. My background is actually chemistry, but with a strong aerospace engineering foundation. Good conversation here, and thanks to you too. Reply Larry Klaes November 15, 2016 9:14 am Interesting that the National Geographic Channel’s new series on Mars focuses on SpaceX in the first episode and hardly mentions NASA, according to this piece from TPS: http://www.planetary.org/blogs/casey-dreier/2016/1114-natgeos-new-mars-miniseries-begins-tonight.html Reply Karol November 15, 2016 11:47 am Excellent analysis and commentary Jason! Given the years that you have devoted to “speaking truth to power”, I’m sure that you realized that your unvarnished factual presentation would raise the usual firestorm, especially from disciples of “The Musksiaah”. Cancellation of the Vision for Space Exploration was a costly error. Hopefully the Trump administration will be given the oppoetunity to make NASA great again, and hopefully the “Bernie-Sanders-never-a-nickel-for-NASA,-haven’t-seen-the-social-program-I-didn’t-love” bunch will stop their whining and wimpering for the cancellation of the realistic AMERICAN human spaceflight program with SLS/Orion in favor of the MuskMyth. Cancellation of our SLS/Orion is about as likely as Lori Garver being appointed Chief Administrator of NASA. Reply ⚠ Commenting Rules Post Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Next Launch Next LaunchSoyuz MS-03 Mission Soyuz MS-03 LSP Vehicle Soyuz-FG Time 18 Nov 02:02:00 ALMT (UTC+6) Location Baikonur Cosmodrome LC-1 JavaScript must be enabled to display countdown L Day Hr Min Sec           Search Search for: Go Social Spaceflight Insider Contact Us Staff/About Our Partners Advertise With Us RSS Feed Features Launch Calendar Mission Monitor Gallery Insider Updates Archive Missions Space Centers Organizations Video Heritage In Affiliation With © 2013 - 2016 Spaceflight Insider. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics Elections 2016 The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Local Deals Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Rentals Place an ad Latest News November 13, 2016 3:00 PM Fundraising in full gear for park marking Fort Jackson’s 100th anniversary Provided rendering i By Roddie Burris rburris@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story COLUMBIA, SC Editor’s note: Fort Jackson is in the middle of a yearlong Centennial celebration that will culminate in June. For this Veterans Day weekend, The State is providing special coverage of the fort and its impact on the Midlands. Supporters leading the charge to build a 100th anniversary celebration park at Fort Jackson say they are lining up funding and in-kind service commitments with hopes for a dedication in June. The Gateway to the Army Association projects it will need $3 million or more to complete the 3-acre Fort Jackson Centennial Park, to be built at the site previously occupied by the old Post Headquarters. The park, announced this summer, has received about $50,000 in donations so far, association officials said, with promises of another $150,000 of in-kind donations. Supporters are preparing to ratchet up solicitations from local city and county governments, large corporations across the state and the public. The city of Columbia has already agreed to contribute $300,000. Founded in 1917, when the U.S. was gearing up for World War I, Fort Jackson has become the Army’s prime production center for basic training, turning out 50 percent of Army basic trainees along with 60 percent of the women who enter the Army annually. “What the community has done so far shows what a great community this is,” said Bryan Hilferty, a U.S. Army Central Command retired colonel and Gateway association board member. When completed, the park will stand as a permanent testament of the community’s support for the base, a key component in the consideration of base closures, Hilferty noted. Local governments are among the first major fundraising targets for the park project, base officials said. Association members plan to approach Richland and Lexington counties in their fundraising efforts, the town of Lexington, Forest Acres, Kershaw County and other local entities, according to retired Command Sgt. Maj. Marty Wells, who came up with the idea for a centennial park at the Fort. “We just felt that Columbia leading the way (as a public donor) would serve as a signal to the rest of the legislative bodies,” said Wells, who spearheads the park project. Corporate sponsors will also be key to the park’s success, Hilferty said. “We’re still asking large corporations such Boeing and BMW (for contributions), and military-related ones like Lockheed-Martin to help donate to this great project,” he said. More corporate sponsors are coming on board, including iHeartRadio, which has given the project more than $1 million in free publicity, Hilferty said, including seven on-air spots a day on each of its six local-area broadcast stations over a six-month period, and The State newspaper. Other corporate sponsors include USAA, and Wells Fargo and Allsouth banks, he said. The public can contribute by purchasing pavers, being sold for $200 each, Hilferty said, or by making donations directly at gatewaytothearmy.org. Contributions can be mailed to Gateway to the Army Association, 4611 Hardscrabble Road, Suite 172, Columbia, S.C. 29229. The association has also been working with the post to gain more convenient public access to the park once it is completed, Wells said. The site is in the early preparation stages for construction of the park, Hilferty said. Park architect Ron Clamp who designed the 9/11 memorial in Columbia, has visited the site with potential contractors, many of whom are also expected to provide work on an in-kind, or pro bono basis, or at the very least, at reduced rates, Hilferty said. The park will be built in three phases, which will help facilitate fundraising, Fort officials said. The park will include a Walkway of Heroes, an amphitheater overlooking a 20-foot granite Soldier’s Statue of male and female drill sergeants and gazebos, among other features. The Fort Jackson centennial year culminates next year with the Army Ball on June 10. Association officials are pushing for a park dedication of the first phase on June 3, Wells said, but completion of the park will depend upon fundraising. Roddie Burris: 803-771-8398 Related content Here are 5 local businesses, organizations that benefit from Fort Jackson Some ex-Fort Jackson commanders settle in Midlands after service Fort Jackson, Midlands enjoy economic, family bonds LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Latest News Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:02 Perry Orth passionate about what his USC legacy should be Pause 1:14 Firefighters having 'difficulty' containing South Mountains State Park wildfire in NC 1:59 Missing S.C. Woman: Lost & Found Timeline 2:13 South Carolina man dubbed "the fastest deer skinner around" 4:33 Dawn Staley wraps Ohio State win 1:02 700 feet of boardwalk + Hurricane Matthew = long day 2:12 Kassy Alia draws strength from support 1:28 Flying with the Packet and Gazette: Kite Day on Hilton Head 6:42 #Fork&Goal: Gamecock Game Day recipe: hot chicken 2:52 Postgame reaction from Ben Lippen's win over Hammond Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 18 hours ago Obama: Concerns about Trump presidency, but the people have spoken 3:14 18 hours ago Obama: Concerns about Trump presidency, but the people have spoken 1:33 6 days ago Donald Trump, elected 45th POTUS, gives his victory speech 1:14 7 days ago What is a successful night for the Richland County Election Commission? View more video Latest News Columbia drug bust yields 31 arrests Deputies arrest son in parents' killing after wife calls 911 Rec Commission board member resigns Synthetic drug U-47700 called 'threat to public health' Show us your ugly Christmas sweaters Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Southwest Airlines Begins Cuba Service Nonstop From Ft. Lauderdale To Varadero, Announces Santa Clara Service Plans DALLAS, Nov. 13, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) today inaugurated service between South Florida and Cuba with the scheduled 11:00 a.m. EST departure of Southwest Flight 3914 to Varadero (VRA) from Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL). 143 Passengers and a Crew of five Southwest Employees donned Cuban-style hats as the aircraft departed to an orchestra playing Caribbean music and a drumroll by renowned bandleader Tito Puente, Jr. “Our Employees have worked hard to open this route and a new chapter for people who want to connect with Cuba in ways that matter most to them,” said Steve Goldberg, Southwest Airlines’ Vice President of Ground Operations who is also Southwest’s executive ambassador to Florida. Goldberg also announced Southwest intends to begin once daily service from Fort Lauderdale to Santa Clara, Cuba (SNU) on Thursday, Dec. 15, 2016, subject to requisite approvals of the Cuban government. “By the end of this year, we’ll offer six daily roundtrips between two Florida gateways and three Cuban cities as the work continues to open a new, five-gate international concourse here in Fort Lauderdale next summer.” Continue Reading Southwest Airlines’ Bold Look; Same #SouthwestHeart In celebration of the announcement of new service to Santa Clara, Southwest is offering a special fare of $59 one-way* on nonstop flights from Ft. Lauderdale to Santa Clara (14-day advance purchase required, today through Nov. 20, 2016, 11:59 p.m. in the time zone of the originating city for travel Dec. 15, 2016, through April 24, 2017). Please see below for valid travel days and complete terms & conditions. Check Southwest.com/Cuba for requirements regarding travel to Cuba and date-specific flight schedules for daily nonstop and other published connecting service. On Oct.13, Southwest announced its flight schedule of new nonstop service between Florida and both Varadero and Havana. Cuba is the  ninth country served by Southwest, with Havana marking a historic 100th destination. Service between Havana (HAV) and both Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport (FLL) and Tampa International Airport (TPA) begins Dec. 12, 2016, subject to requisite approvals of the Cuban government. Southwest street teams surprised residents with $100 Southwest Gift Cards across both greater Fort Lauderdale and Tampa Bay to spread awareness of the new routes. The carrier’s social media community followed the day’s events through hashtag #Southwest100. The carrier continues to plan for available seat mile (ASM) growth in the 5-6 percent range in 2016. See swamedia.com for b-roll video of inaugural festivity, first flights, and executive interviews, as well the latest available data regarding Southwest’s economic impact in Florida. *FARE TERMS & CONDITIONS 14-day advance purchase required. Fares available for purchase today through Nov. 20, 2016,11:59 p.m. in the time zone of the originating city for travel Dec. 15, 2016, through April 24, 2017. Fares are valid only on nonstop service. Displayed prices include all U.S. and international government taxes and fees. If traveling to Cuba, fares include Cuban Government mandatory health insurance. Rapid Rewards® Points bookings do not include taxes, fees, and other government/airport charges of at least $5.60 per one way flight. Seats and days are limited. Fares may vary by destination, flight, and day of week and won’t be available on some flights that operate during very busy travel times and holiday periods. Travel is available for one-way Wanna Get Away® fares. Fares may be combined with other Southwest Airlines® combinable fares. If combining fares, the most restrictive fare rules apply. Sale fares may be available on other days of week, but that’s not guaranteed. Fares are nonrefundable but may be applied toward future travel on Southwest®, as long as reservations are canceled at least ten minutes prior to scheduled departure. Failure to cancel prior to departure will result in forfeiture of remaining funds on the reservation. Any change in itinerary may result in an increase in fare. Standby travel requires travelers who are not Rapid Rewards® A-List or A-List Preferred Members to upgrade to the Anytime fare. Fares are subject to change until ticketed. Offer applies only to published, scheduled service. Every passenger traveling to Cuba must certify that they are eligible to travel to Cuba under one of 12 general license categories, a specific license, or as a Cuban National. Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Specific forward-looking statements include, without limitation, statements related to the Company’s anticipated service offerings and fares and network and capacity plans, opportunities, and expectations. These statements involve risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that are difficult to predict and that could cause actual results to vary materially from those expressed in or indicated by them. Factors include, among others, (i) the impact of economic conditions, consumer behavior, fuel prices, actions of competitors (including without limitation pricing, scheduling, and capacity decisions and consolidation and alliance activities), and other factors beyond the Company’s control, on the Company’s business decisions, plans, and strategies; (ii) the impact of governmental regulations and other governmental actions related to the Company’s operations; and (iii) other factors, as described in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the detailed factors discussed under the heading “Risk Factors” in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2015. ABOUT SOUTHWEST AIRLINES CO. In its 46th year of service, Dallas-based Southwest Airlines (NYSE: LUV) continues to differentiate itself from other air carriers with exemplary Customer Service delivered by more than 53,000 Employees to more than 100 million Customers annually. Southwest operates more than 3,900 departures a day during peak travel season across a network of 99 destinations in the United States and eight additional countries with additional Cuba service to Havana, Cuba, beginning Dec. 12, 2016, and Santa Clara beginning Dec. 15, 2016, both routes subject to governmental approvals. Based on the U.S. Department of Transportation’s most recent data, Southwest Airlines is the nation’s largest carrier in terms of originating domestic passengers boarded. The Company operates the largest fleet of Boeing aircraft in the world, the majority of which are equipped with satellite-based WiFi providing gate-to-gate connectivity. That connectivity enables Customers to use their personal devices to view video on-demand movies and television shows, as well as nearly 20 channels of free, live TV compliments of our valued Partners. Southwest created Transfarency®, a philosophy which treats Customers honestly and fairly, and in which low fares actually stay low. Southwest is the only major U.S. airline to offer bags fly free®  to everyone (first and second checked pieces of luggage, size and weight limits apply, some airlines may allow free checked bags on select routes or for qualified circumstances), and there are no change fees, though fare differences might apply. The airline proudly unveiled a bold new look: Heart. A new logo, aircraft livery, interior design featuring a new seat and Flight Attendant galley, Employee-designed uniforms, and an updated airport experience all showcase the dedication of Southwest Employees who connect Customers with what’s important in their lives. From its first flights on June 18, 1971, Southwest Airlines launched an era of unprecedented affordability in air travel described by the U.S. Department of Transportation as “The Southwest Effect,” a lowering of fares and increase in passenger traffic whenever the carrier enters new markets. With 43 consecutive years of profitability, Southwest is one of the most honored airlines in the world, known for a triple bottom line approach that contributes to the carrier’s performance and productivity, the importance of its People and the communities they serve, and an overall commitment to efficiency and the planet. The 2015 Southwest Airlines One Report™ can be found at SouthwestOneReport.com. Book Southwest Airlines’ low fares online at Southwest.com or by phone at 800-I-FLY-SWA. satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 13, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Massachusetts Startup Acera, Inc. Launches New Product Line at MEDICA Next Next post: Pro Photographer Develops a Course That Will Change the Way You Take Natural Light Portraits Search for: Search Recent Posts Semtech UHD-SDI Broadcast Semiconductors Enable Panasonic’s Next-Generation UHD Video Products Hazeltree 任命Ayman Sakr領導全球客戶服務組織 2016 Big Buck World Champions Crowned! Millennium Corporation Wins Prime Position On $248M B2S2 IDIQ For PEO IEW&S, And Is Awarded Task Orders 0001 And 0002 Totaling Over $35M Unveiling of Sporty Honda Civic Si Prototype Completes 10th Generation Civic Line-up Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress

null
null
National World Business Tech Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Profile Settings Sign Out business Search Industries Small Business Money Farming World Better Business Nurture Change 2016 Opinion & Analysis Tools BREAKING NEWS Apartment building in Tennyson St, Wellington, evacuated ... read more Donald Trump: Day one winners and losers piling up fast across the globe PHIL KUNTZ Last updated 09:53, November 10 2016 Al Jazeera From Mexico City, Mexicans tell Al Jazeera their views on Donald Trump winning the US presidential vote. Donald Trump's stunning victory is already creating winners and losers in markets and governments around the world, from miners in America's Appalachian Mountains heartened by his devotion to coal, to Mexican peso traders stunned by the selloff. READ MORE: * Live - Trump vs Clinton, the day after * President Donald Trump and New Zealand - can we all just get along? * Markets recover after nightmare on Wall Street Many changes will play out slowly. Others took little time to manifest. Here are some: JONATHAN ERNST/REUTERS Donald Trump has vowed to reduce financial regulation, and banks are already benefiting. WINNERS Private prisons: Corrections Corp of America was up as much as 60 per cent in intraday trading and the GEO Group. climbed as much as 35 per cent on speculation that Trump will use existing private lockups to detain immigrants. Defence contractors: Trump pledged to bolster US defence spending. Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman and Raytheon posted the biggest share gains since the financial crisis.  "Defence gives investors a place to put their cash -- it's a safe haven," said Richard Aboulafia, an analyst with Teal Group. A restriction on Muslim immigration, however, would make Middle Eastern countries less likely to be customers of US companies, he said. Supplied Fresh life has been breathed into coal, an industry struggling with debt and a price slump. Coal: Trump's election breathed fresh life into an industry struggling with debt and the worst price slump in decades. Coal tycoon Robert Murray said in a statement that the election marked a "great day for America" and he looked forward to a national policy that puts all energy sources on a level playing field. Bonds of his company, Murray Energy, surged to their highest in 16 months. Oil and natural gas drillers: Remember 2008's "drill, baby, drill"? Trump, who's bullish on fracking, has pledged to roll back regulations and open more federal land to extraction industries. Pharma stocks: With Republicans retaining both houses of Congress and Trump in the White House, Democratic threats of price controls are no longer a concern. Investors made stocks such as Pfizer some of the biggest winners in early trading. MIKE BLAKE/REUTERS Lockheed Martin and other defence-related companies got a boost from Trump's win. China: After a campaign highlighted by trade threats from Trump, China's territorial ambitions have received a boost by his election. His ambivalence about military commitments to Japan and South Korea could embolden President Xi Jinping's ambitions in the East and South China Seas, sore topics in the region's knotty geopolitics. Ad Feedback Russian stocks: The benchmark Micex index surged the most in nine months on speculation that Trump - who's referred to Russian President Vladimir Putin as a strong leader - will lift sanctions imposed on companies after the takeover of Crimea. Bank stocks: Trump has vowed to reduce financial regulation, and banks are already benefiting. Bank of America gained the most since May. Steelmakers: US Steel and Nucor soared as Trump's promise to favour American manufacturers led investors to believe that domestic prices for the metal will increase. Nucor gained the most in more than seven years; US Steel climbed more than 20 per cent. Right-wing populists: France's National Front leader Marine Le Pen was one of the first European politicians to congratulate Trump after his victory. (Putin beat her to it.) Polls - if we can still believe them - show she'll be the winner in the first round of presidential voting in April. Geert Wilders, head of Netherlands's Freedom Party, has promised to hold a vote on exiting the European Union and close its borders to Muslims if he wins parliamentary elections in March. "Politics will never be the same," he tweeted after yesterday's result. LOSERS Mexican peso: The currency was headed to its biggest drop in more than two decades as angst swept across a country that was often the focus of Trump's harsh campaign rhetoric. For President Enrique Pena Nieto, the outcome was particularly painful. His popularity sank to record lows in August after he invited the Republican nominee to a meeting in Mexico City that turned into an embarrassing exchange of angry words. On Wednesday, Pena Nieto took to Twitter to say he's ready to work with Trump. Treasuries: They'd been expected to soar in an investor flight to safety, but instead they're falling amid speculation Republicans will ramp up spending to boost the economy. Renewable energy: Denmark-based Vestas Wind Systems, the world's biggest builder of wind turbines, fell as much as 13 per cent, while solar companies took a hammering. San Jose-based SunPower dropped by as much as 14 per cent. Mergers & Acquisitions: Trump has vowed to block AT&T's US$85.4 billion (NZ$116.2 billion) deal for Time Warner - the largest transaction announced this year - calling it "poison" to democracy. A survey by Intralinks Holdings before the election showed that 56 per cent of global deal-making executives said Trump would be bad for M&A. Gunmakers: Sturm Ruger & Co posted the biggest intraday decline in seven years as the Trump win eased concerns of weapons restrictions. Sales have surged, and any discussion of gun control by political leaders can cause shares of gunmakers to spike. Smith & Wesson fell in the biggest intraday drop since April. Aircraft deals: Trump's ascension raised doubts about the sales and leases of as many as 230 Boeing and Airbus jetliners to Iranian carriers. Renewed trade restrictions could unravel the transactions, valued at an estimated US$17.6b for Boeing and US$27b for Airbus, based on list prices. Petro Poroshenko: The Ukrainian president has relied on US political and financial support to help him battle Russian-backed separatists. Any warming of relations between the US and Putin would jeopardise that backing. Of particular concern is the US resolve to maintain sanctions on Russia over the annexation of Crimea two years ago. The Baltic nations: Trump questioned the US commitment to NATO, putting Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaite and her counterparts in Latvia and Estonia on the hot seat. While Estonia meets NATO defence-spending requirements, the other two Baltic countries, which embraced the EU after breaking free from the Soviet Union, have plans to do likewise only in the coming years.   - With assistance from Julie Johnsson Helene Fouquet Jenny Surane Rebecca Penty Richard Clough Manuel Baigorri Eric Pfanner Patrick Donahue Ian Wishart Andrew Langley Celeste Perri and Kartikay Mehrotra trump-winners-losers  - The Washington Post Saved|Saved Stories Saved|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Save|Saved Stories Next World story: US election: US stocks and global markets recover after Donald Trump victory Business Homepage Comments business headlines Fraught scenes at arms talk How to spend $20b on defence Banks offer earthquake help Watering hole seeks name Quake cows will live Why some jobs satisfy more Defence Force HQ 'uninhabitable' From dream home to caravan Winners at the Waverley A & P Show Working with top farmers a privilege How to help after the quake Burgen 'virgin' ruled OK Sky TV sues over rugby World milk price to stay up Retailers face shake up Ad Feedback Most popular Viewed Shared Commented Live: 7.5 New Zealand earthquake Earthquake: Slow process to freedom for stranded tourists in Kaikoura Second Wellington building cracks after magnitude 7.5 quake New storm heads for Wellington, snow warning for passes Earthquake: Damage to quake-hit Wellington building is getting 'incrementally worse' Weta 'IT geek' captures Wellington tsunami surge after earthquake rocks New Zealand Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved A warning to expect the worst Wellington: What you need to know - Wednesday Photos: Widespread damage after large earthquake hits NZ Earthquake: Slow process to freedom for stranded tourists in Kaikoura Earthquake: More cows stranded on an outcrop of land after three saved Earthquake: International flotilla and aircraft drafted in to help with humanitarian relief in Kaikoura New storm heads for Wellington, snow warning for passes Don Henley announces New Zealand tour with singer Jewel Earthquake: Damage to quake-hit Wellington building is getting 'incrementally worse' Divers and volunteers band together to save stranded shellfish and sea life Famous seal breeding ground destroyed by quake Wellington-Christchurch ferry link considered as SH1 quake repairs cause freight chaos special offers Ad Feedback National World Business Technology Sport Entertainment Life & Style Travel Motoring Stuff.co.nz About Us | Contact Us | View Mobile Site Subscribe Text | Follow us on Facebook and Twitter | Newspapers | Magazine subscriptions | RSS - Top Stories Services Stuff Fibre | Newspapers in Education | A-Z Directories | Online Advertising | Print Advertising | Careers Classifieds Death Notices | Celebrations | Trade Me | Jobs | Property | Motors | Accommodation | Personals | Newspaper Classifieds Newspapers Dominion Post | The Press | Waikato Times | Auckland Now | Sunday News | Sunday Star-Times   Marlborough Express | Manawatu Standard | Nelson Mail | Southland Times | Taranaki Daily News | Timaru Herald Other Sites Essential Mums | Cuisine | NZ House & Garden | NZ Fishing News | NZ Life & Leisure | NZ Gardener | Fairfax Archives Breaking news? Send us your photos, videos and tip-offs: Emailnewstips@stuff.co.nz Phone0800 697 8833 © 2016 Fairfax New Zealand Limited Privacy | Terms and Conditions
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Real Estate Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Real Estate Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Real Estate Login Subscribe Business International Trade Real Estate Foreign investors pouring billions into Seattle commercial real estate Originally published November 12, 2016 at 8:00 am Updated November 12, 2016 at 12:39 pm The pace of foreign purchases of major King County buildings has tripled, with Chinese companies heavily represented — and now some are even building projects here themselves. Share story By Mike Rosenberg Seattle Times business reporter In Seattle’s feverish world of real estate, much of the focus on foreign investment has been centered on international buyers scooping up homes. But most of the foreign money is actually flowing into other parts of the market, from Amazon offices to new apartment towers. Historically seen as a second-tier city to foreign interests, Seattle and its suburbs are now being looked at much more closely by overseas developers and commercial real-estate investors, data and broker interviews show. And while Europe and Canada are still eyeing Seattle, the biggest increase seems to be coming from China and other Asian countries. Excluding houses, foreign investors have bought more than $4 billion worth of big-ticket buildings like offices, apartment and condo complexes, and warehouses in King County since 2015. Most Read Stories ‘Deadliest Catch’ cast member Jake Harris hospitalized; police investigating attack What the national media are saying about Seahawks' 'magnificent' win over Patriots Patriots' Rob Gronkowski has punctured lung according to one report 5,000 Seattle-area students walk out of class to protest election of Trump  WATCH Should California, Oregon and Washington join Canada? #Calexit talk envelops West CoastUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. That’s more than triple the rate from earlier in the decade, according to the local Economic Development Council. And it’s more money than what foreign buyers spent on local homes during that span. Earlier this year, the Association of Foreign Investors in Real Estate named Seattle as the No. 5 city in the United States for foreign investment, up from eighth a year prior. But another change is that foreign interests aren’t just buying what local developers have already built. Some international companies are constructing projects themselves — and at least one developer from China even relocated here to set up his new home base locally. Among the biggest fish lured to the area is Vanke, China’s largest homebuilder, which earlier this year agreed to its first Seattle venture. Economic lure Saying it was enticed by the area’s growing economy, it plans to team up with a California developer to build a $200 million, 43-story apartment tower in the Denny Triangle. But smaller builders are attracted to the area, as well. Allen Zeng, a developer in China for seven years, recently moved to Bellevue with his family and began construction this fall on a 244-unit condo complex in the University District. “Ten years ago, Seattle (was) not too famous for Chinese. They just know San Francisco and Los Angeles,” Zeng said at his office in Bellevue. Now, “I believe that Chinese will like Seattle more and more.” Create World, another Chinese group, broke ground last year on a $65 million Bellevue apartment tower. It now plans a second high-rise, this time across from Pike Place Market, after paying $17.1 million for the land. “We’re on their radar screen,” Gordon Ahalt, senior director of the Cushman & Wakefield/Commerce brokerage in Seattle, said of foreign buyers. “We’re on everyone’s top hit list right now. I don’t see this as a short-term deal.” Of course, the election of Donald Trump as president could alter the real or perceived value of U.S. real estate for foreign investors, but local experts say it’s too soon to know what impact the election might have. Developers, brokers and commercial real-estate buyers say they’re attracted to the Seattle area for the same reason as foreign homebuyers: The Puget Sound region offers much cheaper land and building prices than places like New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles and Vancouver, B.C., which have traditionally been more popular with foreign companies. Not all the projects have gone as planned: The most contentious was the $190 million, 41-story Potala Tower apartment project in Belltown, where local developer Lobsang Dargey was accused of diverting foreign investors’ money for his own personal use. Hundreds of individual investors from China, who put $83 million into the project in hopes of getting a green card through the federal EB-5 visa program, were in danger of losing their money and citizenship dreams. After a recent court settlement, the project in October resumed construction under new management — with even more foreign investment. Now, China’s Binjiang Tower Corp. and a Las Vegas firm are funneling $30 million into the tower as its new owners, with the foreign EB-5 investors still on board. That’s part of a broader trend: For years, many smaller foreign investors have used the controversial EB-5 program to spend more than $2 billion on Seattle projects, typically in chunks of $500,000 apiece. Big purchases Despite all the development activity, most foreign real-estate interests are still choosing to simply buy completed projects and keep them intact, holding onto the buildings as a pure investment. Local officials say that while Seattle has always been on the global map for well-heeled companies from abroad, the interest level has jumped up a notch lately. “I think we’re getting to the point, though we’re not quite there, that we have the same international reputation as a San Francisco or a Boston. We’re getting more visible,” said Don Wise, CEO of Seattle-based Metzler Real Estate and secretary of the Association of Foreign Investors in Real Estate. “There clearly is more offshore capital coming to Seattle.” The biggest recent purchase came last year, when Hong Kong-based Gow Capital Partners spent $711 million to buy Columbia Center, Seattle’s tallest building, in what is believed to be the third-largest real-estate deal in the region’s history. Then this summer came a pair of big-ticket deals: South Korea’s Mirae Asset Global Investment spent $247 million on an Amazon office building in South Lake Union. And downtown’s Safeco Plaza — known as “the box the Space Needle came in” — sold for $387 million to a partnership between Germany’s GLL Real Estate and South Korea’s Vestas Investment Management. And in October, the Chinese conglomerate HNA bought 10 local Oki golf courses for $137 million. “On the map” Suzanne Dale Estey, president and CEO of the local economic-development council, cited the likes of Amazon, Microsoft, Boeing, Starbucks and Costco as putting the region on the map internationally. “We have these brands that are world-renowned,” Dale Estey said. Of course, most of the attention on foreign investment in local real estate has been on the housing market, because of its perceived effect on housing prices. With commercial properties, it’s also unclear how big a role foreign buyers have played in rising prices for things like apartment and office rents. It’s still somewhat a mystery who some of these foreign investors are. Often they don’t have local websites or publicly listed contacts, and several companies contacted directly or through intermediaries did not respond to requests for comment. One foreign developer who agreed to a sit-down interview was Zeng, head of Bellevue’s ZQH Investments. Manageable size He cited the stable, growing local economy as his prime reason for focusing here, and said another advantage Seattle has over other international hot spots is its relatively small size, making it easier for him to get to know the area and its key players. “I feel it’s a little difficult to find a way to business (in bigger cities). In Seattle, it’s a little simpler,” he said. “I feel comfortable working here.” But the region’s biggest selling point is its (relatively) low prices compared with California, Vancouver, B.C., and New York. “Seattle (has) less risk for me,” Zeng said. He said it’s still much more complex to build here than in China, where projects tend to spring up more quickly. In a statement, Vanke’s U.S. division called Seattle one of the country’s top-performing markets (it has previously invested in other American cities). The company said it was impressed with the region’s diversified economic base, tech-job growth, relative affordability and “quality of life that attracts a talented workforce.” How long will the frenzy last? There are some signs the activity is dwindling — the investment dollar amount locally has dropped so far in 2016 compared with last year. Dale Estey said she’s heard most experts saying that, in baseball terms, the region is in the seventh inning of the cycle’s upswing. Skip Whitney, head of China Services in San Francisco for the Kidder Mathews brokerage firm, thinks Seattle will remain near the top of the list of most sought-after cities for foreign capital even after the current real-estate uptick wanes. “I think it’s the beginning that will continue indefinitely,” Whitney said. Mike Rosenberg: mrosenberg@seattletimes.com or 206-464-2266; on Twitter @ByRosenberg. Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Summer home of President Chester A. Arthur listed for $14.2M Previous Story Pros and cons of coming up with a down payment for a VA home loan Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
India-Japan's bullet train deal will cost more than education, health: It's more of a vanity project - Firstpost Firstpost F. india Front Page Politics Demonetisation: Shiv Sena sides with Mamata Banerjee as anger rises against PM Modi Demonetisation: Good in long-term, bad in short-term; trade across India down by 25%, claims trade body Rahul Gandhi lashes out against Modi, says demonetisation could be a a mega scam 'Demonetisation leaked to preferred few': Congress, TMC, Left rally against Modi; stormy Winter Session tomorrow Direct Centre to withdraw demonetisation: Kejriwal urges Pranab Mukherjee Demonetisation looms over Winter Session: Modi govt braces for rough start tomorrow Sports ISL 2016: Chennaiyin FC back in reckoning after 2-0 win over FC Pune City Demonetisation: Pune International Marathon postponed, will be rescheduled in January 2017 Manchester United midfielder Michael Carrick hints at retirement after end of season Ranji roundup: Suryakumar Yadav helps Mumbai set UP a stiff target; Railways close in on victory Ranji Trophy: Selectors give Delhi's training a skip two days before team is announced India vs England: Amit Mishra admits to not bowling 'very well'; promises better show in Vizag Test India Demonetisation: Shiv Sena sides with Mamata Banerjee as anger rises against PM Modi Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years -sources | Reuters Demonetisation: Is Narendra Modi's move already working? Rs 30 lakh cash found in Guwahati drain Reversing the trend of previous weeks, petrol price cut by Rs 1.46, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying | Reuters Demonetisation: News18 sting operation reveals how black money helps hire Pakistani artistes World India's NSG bid: China must give in to its peers in elite group or risk isolation Leaked memo claims Britain has no Brexit plan, may need six more months Egyptian court cancels former president Mohamed Morsi's death sentence Nato chief 'certain' Donald Trump will live up to US commitments to the alliance UN chief Ban Ki-moon voices 'hope' Donald Trump will understand climate urgency Donald Trump meets Mike Pence to discuss US Cabinet appointments Business Food prices help ease October retail inflation to 4.20% Tata Global Beverages removes Cyrus Mistry as chairman Cyrus Mistry rebuts Tata Sons charges; lists high jet, PR costs Sensex bleeds 514 points to 6-month low on fund outflow, weak rupee Owaisi draws govt's attention to currency ink, silver thread, says Pakistan has same supplier Ratan Tata-Cyrus Mistry spat: Independent directors hold the key as battle escalates Life Supermoon lights up night sky as the world looks up to gaze at the unique celestial event Guru Nanak Jayanti: Life and teachings of the founder of Sikh order pertain to today's world This Children’s Day, gift your kid freedom to dream Carbon emissions from burning fossil fuels still too high to save climate: Report Entertainment Celebrating Kamal Haasan: How the actor became bigger than his medium Watch: The Ghost in the Shell trailer has too many white people to be set in Japan Dear Zindagi Take 4: SRK's voiceover and Alia's emotional turmoil make for an intense teaser Jagga Jasoos first look: Ranbir Kapoor's 'cute' avatar is well-timed with Children's Day Gautham Menon on AYM: 'Demonetisation has given the film an extra two-week run' Netflix but no chill? Online downloads, subscriptions from foreign sites to get 15 % tax US Election 2016 US election: President-elect Donald Trump's actions and inactions will change the world as we know it Donald Trump victory spooks Indian students as election backlash rocks US campuses What if Donald Trump really didn't want to become the President of the United States? After Donald Trump storms to US election win, it's time to #ThankObamaIn4Words Donald Trump will be US president: Many challenges await the American Left Barack Obama to host Donald Trump in Oval Office despite differences Photos Videos Tech2 Faking News Sponsored You are here: Latest News › India News India-Japan's bullet train deal will cost more than education, health: It's more of a vanity project Aakar Patel  Updated: Nov 13, 2016 09:49 IST #Ahmedabad   #BJP   #Bullet Train   #CriticalPoint   #Gujarat   #India   #Japan   #Mumbai   #Narendra Modi   #Shinzo Abe   #Vadodara   There are over 200 trains going from Ahmedabad to Mumbai. The first one leaves just after midnight and the last one leaves just before. So there are trains going through the day to cover the 524 km distance. There is an airport in Ahmedabad from where there are about 10 daily flights to Mumbai. Ahmedabad and Mumbai are part of the Golden Quadrilateral highway network with six lane expressways on which travel by road is as fast as travel by train. It is possibly the best connected route in India. I am writing this because prime minister Narendra Modi is in Japan, where he finalised a deal for a bullet train with Japanese leader Shinzo Abe. The train will run from Ahmedabad to Mumbai and design work will begin in a few days. The project will cost around Rs 1 lakh crore. The cost is officially said to be Rs 97,636 crore, but reports said a Rs 10,000 crore additional cost may be incurred. Narendra Modi and Shinzo Abe. PTI To put the figure in perspective, we should know that it is three times the size of India's health budget. India is a country where 38 percent of all children are malnourished and stunted at the age of two. This means they will have less physical and intellectual capacity than healthy children and they will never be able to lead a fulfilling life. The bullet train will cost more than we spend annually on the education budget of India. Again, we have some of the lowest literacy rates in the world. And we have a very poor quality of literacy, about which I have written before. The other aspect is that even within the transport industry, our investment does not seem to be made with any sort of attention to the poor and those most in need. In 2005, the BJP governments in Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh shut down the state transport bus system. The reason was that the buses did not make a profit — but how are the poor expected to travel? Of course this profitability is not expected of the bullet train and other projects because, like the giant statues of Vallabhbhai Patel and Chhatrapati Shivaji coming up in Ahmedabad and Mumbai, these are projects that will add to national pride. One justification for the bullet train is that it will also service two other Gujarati cities on the route — Vadodara, which is 110 km from Ahmedabad and Surat, which is another 120 km down the road. Vadodara also has many flights to Mumbai. I used to regularly visit my parents in Surat because there was a single flight from Bangalore, but now I cannot because there is no flight. On 6 November, 2014, a SpiceJet Boeing had an accident at Surat airport. A report said the plane "hit a buffalo that had strayed on to the runway because of a hole in the airport’s boundary wall. The engine of the Boeing 737 aircraft was severely damaged by the hit and the plane stopped. The buffalo was killed". The report added that the "civil aviation ministry has ordered two inquiries, by the director general of civil aviation and the Airports Authority of India. A perimeter security review of airports across the country has been ordered" and "minister Ashok Gajapati Raju held a 2-hour meeting this morning and ordered, sources say, that all airports should be secured by a concrete boundary, not fencing or brick walls". The government seems to be keen on spending money for the transport of the rich, on the assumption that this will grow the economy and ultimately benefit the nation. If so, it will help to have a functional and safe airport in Surat that connects it to the rest of the world, rather than a bullet train taking one only to and from Mumbai. This buffalo episode highlights the inability of India to secure and sanitise spaces. That additional cost of Rs 10,000 crore referred to earlier is for an elevated corridor, meaning the bullet train will run high above the chaos of India. It will be a vanity project, sucking money that could be used for health and education. And of absolutely no use to the vast majority of Indians. It will be of no particular use even to those living in and between Ahmedabad and Mumbai, already the best connected part of India. First Published On : Nov 13, 2016 09:49 IST Related News Demonetisation: RBI bars Gujarat DCCBs from accepting/exchanging scrapped notes Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments Top Stories Modi govt bans Zakir Naik's NGO Islamic Research Foundation for 5 years As Centre Readies GST Bill, Subramanian Swamy to Move SC Against GST Network - News18 'Demonetisation leaked to preferred few': Congress, TMC, Left rally against Modi; stormy Winter Session tomorrow Vivo V5 first impressions: Has the makings of a perfect selfie smartphone Co-working office spaces: Can Mumbai match the mounting demand? - Moneycontrol US college rush: Indian students on American campuses rocket by 25 percent Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by an innings and 80 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 106 runs South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by 177 runs Pakistan and West Indies in UAE, 3 Test Series, 2016 PAK Vs WI West Indies beat Pakistan by 5 wickets New Zealand in India, 5 ODI Series, 2016 IND Vs NZ India beat New Zealand by 190 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 16th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 17th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 17th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 19th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:00 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST MORE STORIES FROM Aakar Patel India-Japan's bullet train deal will cost more than education, health: It's more of a vanity project Arnab's resignation and NDTV India ban shows we live in the age of 'selfie journalism' Year 2040: Technology will have changed the world in an unimaginable way IT sector's transformation comes when India is struggling to create jobs: Is it in a downward spiral? Uniform civil code: Triple talaq, polygamy might be ground on which Hindutva asserts itself View more 1 India-Japan's bullet train deal will cost more than education, health: It's more of a vanity project Demonetisation: Shiv Sena sides with Mamata Banerjee as anger rises against PM Modi Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years -sources | Reuters Demonetisation: Is Narendra Modi's move already working? Rs 30 lakh cash found in Guwahati drain Reversing the trend of previous weeks, petrol price cut by Rs 1.46, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
Spaceflight Insider Search Search Home Archive Gallery Launch Calendar Mission Monitor Our SpaceFlight Heritage: Heroes and Legends exhibit opens at KSC Visitor Complex Jason Rhian November 12th, 2016 Attendees welcome the opening of the Heroes and Legends exhibit on Friday, Nov. 11, 2016, at the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex. Photo Credit: Mark Usciak / SpaceFlight Insider KENNEDY SPACE CENTER, Fla. — With more than 50 years since the dawn of the Space Age, a new exhibit is poised to open its doors this weekend honoring the men and women who have (literally) blazed a trail. The word astronaut dreams up images of powerful individuals who venture into the unknown black of space. The new exhibit provides a stunning venue honoring those who have made the journey to orbit. Many of the exhibits were moved from the “old” Astronaut Hall of Fame that resided down the road from the Visitor Complex. Photo Credit: Carleton Bailie / SpaceFlight Insider The Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex opened its new ‘Heroes and Legends’ facility on Friday, Nov. 11. The event was attended by more than 25 U.S. astronauts, including Buzz Aldrin and Jim Lovell. Aldrin and Lovell also marked the 50th anniversary of their Gemini 12 mission, which launched on Nov. 11, 1966. According to a report appearing on the Orlando Sentinel, this event was stocked full of those whose names grace the halls within. “The new Heroes and Legends exhibit at the Kennedy Space Center amplifies the visitors’ experience and tells the story of human exploration as well as those who made it possible,” said Brian Duffy, a four-time space shuttle astronaut and SpaceFlight Insider Technical Consultant who attended the event. When asked what he thought, Duffy unequivocally said, “…It’s a terrific addition to what the Visitor Complex already offers!” Other astronauts on hand include Brian Duffy, Kathryn Thornton, Charlie Duke, Al Worden, Fred Gregory, Rhea Seddon, Karol “Bo” Bobko, Jerry Ross, Bob Cabana (who serves as Kennedy Space Center’s current center director), Curt Brown, Dan Brandenstein, Vance Brand, Kent Rominger, and numerous others. They came together to mark the unveiling of the 20,000-square-foot facility that sits across from the visitor complex’s Rocket Garden. “The new Hall of Fame is spectacular and a great addition to the Kennedy Space Center Visitors complex,” Al Worden, the Command Module Pilot on Apollo 15 told SpaceFlight Insider. “It will stand with the Saturn V Center and the Atlantis display as examples of what a nation can do when challenged. Absolutely worth the trip to see our heroes and legends on display.” This week’s events, sponsored by Boeing, were held in conjunction with Space Rendezvous 2016. This means those who come to see this new exhibit open also had the opportunity to attend this year’s Astronaut Autograph & Memorabilia Show. This weekend will be a “target rich” environment with breakout sessions held with an array of industry insiders, including International Space Station Flight Controller Ryan East (himself an Astronaut Scholar), NASA Senior Advisor for Commercial Space Charles Miller, and artist Chris Calle presenting. However, this part of this weekend’s events wasn’t held at the visitor complex but at the Hilton Cocoa Beach Oceanfront. The exhibit was constructed by BRPH – an international architecture and engineering firm which repurposed a portion of the “Early Exploration” building already at the visitor complex. “BRPH has a long history of involvement with exhibits at the Visitor Center, including Forever Remembered, the Rocket Garden, Space Shuttle Atlantis and the Shuttle Launch Simulator, to name a few,” said BRPH Senior Project Manager, Nick Gigante via a release. “We are humbled to one again be involved in a historic exhibit, honoring those who risked their life to make the world a better place.” Want to see more from this event? Check out SpaceFlight Insider’s exclusive gallery here: Heroes and Legends Video courtesy Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex Tagged: Astronaut Scholarship Foundation Boeing Heroes and Legends Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex Lead Stories NASA Jason Rhian Jason Rhian spent several years honing his skills with internships at NASA, the National Space Society and other organizations. He has provided content for outlets such as: Aviation Week & Space Technology, Space.com, The Mars Society and Universe Today. Related Reading ⚠ Commenting Rules Post Comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Next Launch Next LaunchSoyuz MS-03 Mission Soyuz MS-03 LSP Vehicle Soyuz-FG Time 18 Nov 02:02:00 ALMT (UTC+6) Location Baikonur Cosmodrome LC-1 JavaScript must be enabled to display countdown L Day Hr Min Sec           Search Search for: Go Social Spaceflight Insider Contact Us Staff/About Our Partners Advertise With Us RSS Feed Features Launch Calendar Mission Monitor Gallery Insider Updates Archive Missions Space Centers Organizations Video Heritage In Affiliation With © 2013 - 2016 Spaceflight Insider. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Privacy Policy.
X ALL SECTIONS HOME BUSINESS NATIONAL POLITICS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS SUNDAY Trump Presidency Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior E-paper ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Facebook Epaper SMS RSS HOME business Macroeconomics Stock tips Auto Property Call for boost to tourism safety and security by SUCHAT SRITAMA THE NATION Nov 14,2016 18:30 ITU event expected to inject Bt715m to economy by USANEE MONGKOLPORN THE NATION Nov 14,2016 18:41 Passengers flying into and out of Thailand must pay new Bt15 surcharge each per flight by SUCHAT SRITAMA THE NATION Nov 14,2016 19:22 Minister hopeful that US will upgrade Thailand’s IPR status by PETCHANET PRATRUANGKRAI THE NATION Nov 13,2016 15:59 Media by SCB Securities Sep 22,2016 15:36 Food by SCB Securities Sep 20,2016 18:36 Workpoint Entertainment by Kasikorn Securities Sep 20,2016 18:43 CP All by SCB Securities Sep 20,2016 18:39 Big injection seen as 1st-car scheme ends by THE NATION Oct 31,2016 19:01 Nissan appoints Barthes as president for Thailand by Oct 30,2016 18:34 SEVEN COMPANIES PICKED TO PRODUCE POWER OUT |OF INDUSTRIAL WASTE by Oct 30,2016 18:39 Nissan's Ghosn to head Mitsubishi Motors: report by Agence France-Presse Oct 19,2016 15:27 Condo prices near 3 BTS stations jump 50-60 per cent in 5-6 years by   THE NATION Nov 15,2016 17:44 Flat growth for Greater Bangkok property market by SOMLUCK SRIMALEE THE NATION Nov 10,2016 18:19 Q4 launches postponed until next year by SOMLUCK SRIMALEE THE NATION Nov 10,2016 19:43 No property bubble in Ho Chi Minh City, says association by VIET NAM NEWS ASIA NEWS NETWORK HO CHI MINH Nov 10,2016 19:45 national politics ASEAN+ Asean Plus Where to go? life Eateries The most beautiful book revealed in China by China Daily Asia News Network Nov 15,2016 16:59 Tycoon Joseph Lau reveals details of breakup with ex-girlfriend in full-page newspaper announcement by DANNY MOK The Star Asia News Network Nov 15,2016 14:36 Almost 70 killed in month of Rakhine violence: Myanmar army by Agence France-Presse Nov 15,2016 13:09 Infographic: How internet has transformed China by China Daily Asia News Network Nov 15,2016 12:56 Flying high to Hanoi by The Nation Nov 01,2016 17:30 Island of the gods by Urisara Kowitdamrong The Nation South Korea Oct 25,2016 22:09 Bhutan sees a drop in tourist arrivals by Kuensel Asia News Network THIMPHU, Bhutan Sep 28,2016 17:24 Indonesia envisions Bali as gastronomy tourism destination by The Jakarta Post Asia News Network JAKARTA Sep 28,2016 13:39 Reflections on an Asian world by Huang Lijie The Straits Times Asia News Network Oct 28,2016 20:13 Music for His Majesty by Kitchana Lersakvanitchakul THE NATION Oct 28,2016 16:07 Apple introduces MacBook with touch screen functions by Deutsche Presse Agentur Oct 28,2016 07:52 Lotus cuisine, food for the soul by Hà Nguyen Vietnam News HANOI Sep 28,2016 17:32 ASEAN foods whet appetites at culinary festival by Korea Herald Asia News Network Nov 08,2016 09:35 Michelin names two 3-star eateries in first Seoul guide by Nov 07,2016 16:00 Stars for the STOMACH by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Oct 27,2016 12:15 Where to eat in the Kingdom by SPECIAL TO THE NATION SINGAPORE Oct 27,2016 12:20 opinion Today's editorial Letters to editor A moment when all seemed possible by The Nation Nov 15,2016 17:59 In Myanmar, a shocking setback for democracy by The Nation Nov 14,2016 18:12 George Soros casts new political shadow by The Nation Nov 13,2016 18:51 Trump must not be allowed to trample on climate deal by The Nation Nov 12,2016 20:22 More outrages perpetrated against beer drinkers  by Nov 15,2016 18:03 Ordinary working Thais must start their own political party by Nov 15,2016 18:06 How to prevent a second US civil war by Nov 15,2016 18:08 Why impose royal defamation law in the first place? by Nov 14,2016 18:14 life Arts & culture Music Box office Eat in / eat out Education with an entertaining twist by PAWIT MAHASARINAND SPECIAL TO THE NATION Nov 14,2016 15:11 Gods, breasts and Britney by Becky Davis Agence France-Presse Beijing Nov 11,2016 19:34 The laugh that lasts by Pawit Mahasarinand Special to The Nation Nov 11,2016 20:24 Patriotic art wins UOB prize by The Nation Nov 11,2016 20:57 Bieber tops MTV Europe awards, as Beyonce snubbed by Agence France-Presse Nov 07,2016 09:18 Four Stars are born Asia-wide contest by THE NATION Oct 20,2016 20:06 Bryan Adams and Blue Man show postponed by The Nation Oct 18,2016 13:13 Cool winds blow the rain away by SARUPONG SUTPRASERT SPECIAL TO THE NATION Oct 10,2016 20:27 In celebration of ‘Mexicanidad’ by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Nov 10,2016 14:38 The other face of Asean by The Nation Nov 10,2016 14:41 Odyssey into the UNKNOWN by The Nation Nov 03,2016 15:56 Flights of FANCY by DONSARON KOVITVANITCHA SPECIAL TO THE NATION Nov 03,2016 16:06 Stars for the STOMACH by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG THE NATION Oct 27,2016 12:15 Where to eat in the Kingdom by SPECIAL TO THE NATION SINGAPORE Oct 27,2016 12:20 Curry with a healthy twist by THE NATION Aug 26,2016 16:41 Fabulous food, wonderful wines by Manta Klangboonkrong THE NATI Jul 06,2016 16:29 TECH travel Check in Around Thailand Getaways Travel news Bedding down in The Bund by Phoowadon Duangmee The Nation Shanghai, China Nov 01,2016 17:12 Basking in sea of opulence by PATCHAREE LUENGUTHAI SPECIAL TO THE NATION VIETNAM Oct 25,2016 21:58 Sun, sea and stunning views by Chusri Ngamprasert The Nation Sep 27,2016 23:24 Paws for thought by MANTA KLANGBOONKRONG TH Sep 06,2016 21:48 Blasts from the past by THE NATION Nov 15,2016 20:50 Delicious dining in the air by THE NATION Nov 08,2016 21:58 Flying high to Hanoi by The Nation Nov 01,2016 17:30 The Victory Monument was built to celebrate Thailand's victory, in 1941, in a war against which European nation? by Travel quiz Nov 01,2016 10:55 Busy Days, Blissful Nights by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 08,2016 21:49 Winter with a wow factor by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Nov 01,2016 17:23 Bliss by the beach by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE NATION Oct 11,2016 20:35 Getting high in the low season by CHUSRI NGAMPRASERT THE Sep 06,2016 22:03 Hue to reopen exhibit of Champa antiques by VIET NAM NEWS/asian news networks Nov 04,2016 11:31 TAT updates for the general public wishing to pay their respects to His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Tourism Authority of Thailand Oct 27,2016 16:19 THAI implemented a rescheduling/rerouting fee waiver by Thai Airways Oct 25,2016 10:39 Recommendations regarding Mourning Period for His Majesty King Bhumibol Adulyadej by Tourism Authority of Thailand Oct 21,2016 15:07 sports sunday Trump Presidency Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior E-paper ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Wednesday, November 16, 2016 NATIONAL File photo: THAI president Charamporn Jotikasthira THAI to miss its revenue target for this year November 13, 2016 01:00 By SUCHAT SRITAMA THE SUNDAY NATION NATIONAL FLAG carrier Thai Airways International has admitted that it may be unable to achieve this year’s revenue target of Bt180 billion due to tough global competition and airline’s uncompleted management plans. The carrier is also facing a slump in business in key markets including mainland China due to a crackdown on “zero dollar” tours, THAI president Charamporn Jotikasthira said. “The airline is now operating with very low yield because of tough competition in the global market. Meanwhile, the average cabin factor for the entire year should be 75 per cent, lower than the target of 80 per cent,” he told the media on Friday. Charamporn said the company was continuing with the second phrase of its rehabilitation plan especially for sales and fare management, as these strategies were reliant on the airline’s network expansion and route management as well as its overall future strengthening plans.  The news follows moves by major airlines in the Middle East to cut airfares to lure passengers while some airlines operating between Thailand and China have suspended operations due to little demand after Thai authorities cracked down on illegal tour operators and related businesses over last few months. The Chinese market contributes 6 per cent of THAI’s total revenue but the market dropped 25 per cent over the last few months. As of Friday, the airline’s average cabin factor was 73 per cent. However, there is potential to attract healthy numbers of free individual travellers from China and better penetrate substitute markets Australia and Europe. Due to many negative factors, Charamporn said the national carrier has high risks and will not reach this year’s revenue projection at Bt180 billion. THAI and its subsidiaries’ financial performances for the third quarter had an combined operating loss of Bt836 million, Bt3.4 billion better than the same period last year, or an 80.3 per cent improvement. The main reason for that was fuel expenses decreasing Bt5.5 billion (33.6 per cent) due to the price of jet fuel dropping 15.3 per cent and better fuel-risk management. Non-fuel operating expenses increased by 6.7 per cent due to more traffic production, maintenance and overhaul expenses as a result of a higher engine maintenance rate and an increase in the number of repaired-engine spare parts compared to the same period last year. The decreased fuel surcharge was the result of a reduction in passengers and excess baggage revenue of Bt919 million (2.5 per cent). Freight and mail revenue, however, increased Bt189 million (4.3 per cent) and all business units had more revenue than the same period last year. Transformation plan in place The company continues to operate under a transformation plan which resulted in a Bt4.5 billion operating profit for the first nine months in 2016. It posted a Bt4.5 billion loss in the same period last year. Charamporn said the company’s board of directors approved a plan to spend Bt6.1 billion to upgrade 15 old aircraft next year in order to improve onboard products and service to meet passenger demands. THAI will spend Bt2.8 billion to upgrade six of its Boeing 777-200 ER and Bt1.3 billion to upgrade six Boeing 787-8, while nearly Bt2 billion has been earmarked for its Airbus A330-300s. All the planes will have new seats installed and will be equipped with WiFi. During the third quarter, THAI took delivery of an Airbus A350-900XWB on August 29 and decommissioned a leased Boeing 777-200 operating lease aircraft, resulting in it operating 94 active aircraft – one fewer than on September 30, 2015.  Its aircraft utilisation increased from 10.8 hours last year to 11.6 hours this year with 5.50 million passengers carried, representing a 7.6 per cent increase. Next year, seven aircraft – two Boeing 787-9s and five Airbus A350s – will be delivered, resulting in more flights to Australia. The airline plans to sell 19 aircraft next year. By final quarter, THAI should finish a feasibility study on a new aircraft-maintenance centre. THAI will most likely develop the centre with aviation alliances.    Tags Thai Airways International revenue target slump in business “zero dollar” tours THAI president Charamporn Jotikasthira Most Viewed TODAY LAST 7 Days LAST 30 Days Thousands queue as Culture Ministry distributes free books commemorati... THOUSANDS of people started queuing at 3... national Nov 15,2016 01:00 Officials appeal to public as mourners queue for 10 hours... Concerns over fairness of online system ... national Nov 15,2016 01:00 No fireworks, but a ‘Super Moon’ for Loy Krathong... PEOPLE celebrated the Loy Krathong Festi... national Nov 15,2016 01:00 Many elderly mourners barred from entering the Grand Palace... Fuelled by love distilled from seven dec... national Nov 15,2016 01:00 ‘Ying Kai’ pleads not guilty... High-society figure Monta “Ying Kai”... national Nov 15,2016 01:00 Elephants and mahouts pay respects for the late King... A PROCESSION of 11 elegant elephants and... national Nov 09,2016 01:00 30,000 sing Royal Anthem in Kalasin finale... About 30,000 members of the public gathe... national Nov 11,2016 01:00 Historic boat, elephant procession planned in Buri Ram tribute to King... About 200 traditional fishing boats and ... national Nov 11,2016 01:00 Thammasat attempts to hold litter-free graduation... THAMMASAT UNIVERSITY plans to arrange a ... national Nov 11,2016 01:00 Volunteers who lost their temper reassigned... SOME VOLUNTEERS are removed from queue-m... national Nov 12,2016 01:00 Important notices during mourning period... Following are important announcements an... national Oct 19,2016 06:51 Bhutan royals’ visit wins hearts... King and Queen welcomed by mourners as t... national Oct 17,2016 02:10 Bhutan king and queen here to pay condolences... THEIR majesties the King and Queen of Bh... national Oct 16,2016 01:00 Authorities to crack down on spread of ‘false information'... SECURITY AND DOMESTIC affairs authoritie... national Oct 18,2016 10:16 Wissanu spells out Regent’s role... DEPUTY Prime Minister Wissanu Krea-ngam ... national Oct 16,2016 01:00 Join with us Home BUSINESS NATIONAL POLITICS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS SUNDAY Contact 1858/129 Floor 32 Bangna-Trat Road, Bangna, Bangkok 10260 Thailand. Tel 66-2-338-3000(Call Center), 66-2-338-3333, Fax 66-2-338-3334 call-center-department@nationgroup.com Advertise with us © Copyright 2015 by Nation Advertisement ×Close
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs The Utah Effect Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Paul Rolly Roast Money Top Workplaces The Realty Show Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals    SPONSORED BY: Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: SALT Awards Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » Opinion Salt Lake City 58 ° Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM NOV 15, 2016 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Opinion NOV 15, 2016  |  Salt Lake City 58 °  |  Traffic / Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » Opinion Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Dana Milbank: Will Trump bring out the ghosts of Nixon and Hoover? By Dana Milbank The Washington Post First Published Nov 12 2016 08:18AM    •    Last Updated Nov 12 2016 08:50 am Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) WASHINGTON • As a Donald Trump victory became clear Tuesday night, the ghost of Herbert Hoover paid a visit to Trump's election night party in New York. In the Fox News coverage playing on screens in the ballroom, Megyn Kelly turned to Karl Rove. "It didn't happen under Reagan or the Bushes. When was the last time a Republican president had a Republican Congress?" "1928," Rove answered. "Incredible," Kelly said. Yes, quite: Republicans actually had unified control for four years under George W. Bush, and for two years under Dwight Eisenhower, as Rove amended when I followed up with him. VIDEOS TOP JOBS But the 1928 comparison is instructive. It's the last time a Republican president enjoyed anything like the majority Trump will have, particularly in the House. And how did that work out for them? Hoover took over in a time of general prosperity but stagnant wages and vast income inequality. Populists in Congress proposed dramatic increases in tariffs to help the struggling agricultural sector, the equivalent of today's beleaguered blue-collar workers. The proposal divided Republicans in Congress and Hoover before they produced the 1930 Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act, setting off retaliation, freezing international trade, contributing to the Great Depression and accelerating a ruinous cycle of nationalism around the world. Hoover's ghost should haunt the GOP right now. A populist, protectionist president has come to power at a time of long-depressed wages and vast inequality. He threatens to implement a 45 percent tariff against China and 35 percent against Mexico, and he's about to collide with free-traders and pro-business interests in his own party. If they jettison Trump's agenda and proceed with business as usual, they risk inflaming Trump's already furious followers. If they do what Trump has promised, there will be chaos as they pursue what amounts to a mission impossible: enacting a huge tax cut, making enormous spending increases on infrastructure and the military and cutting the debt in half -- all without touching Social Security and Medicare. With unified control, Republicans now own every issue -- health care, the economy, national security -- and Democrats, who narrowly won the popular vote and are supported by exit polls showing tepid support for many of Trump's policy priorities, have little incentive to cooperate. Some early signs show Trump won't hesitate to disappoint supporters. Drain the swamp? Trump has packed his transition team with a who's who of the K Street lobbying trade, according to Politico. Among those in charge of staffing the new administration are people who have lobbied for or represented Altria, Visa, Anthem, Coca-Cola, General Electric, HSBC, Pfizer, PhRMA, United Airlines, Southern Company, Dow Chemical, Rosemont Copper Company, Boeing, Duke Energy and Nucor. My colleague Catherine Ho reports that Trump's win "is likely to be a boon to the lobbying business," as businesses try to counteract the uncertainty with more lobbyists. The Trump-proposed ban on Muslims entering the country? As the Post's Jose A. DelReal reported, the Trump campaign removed that policy's webpage Thursday, then restored it after the reporter's inquiries. That wall on the Mexican border? "Going to take a while," Trump lieutenant Rudy Giuliani said Thursday, suggesting "he can do it by executive order by just reprogramming money within the immigration service." "Reprogramming" money away from ... deportation? Truly building the wall would cost many billions of dollars and require approval from Congress. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR OPINION Bagley cartoon: Swamp Thing Lawrence Summers: Trump can't repeal the laws of economics Comments: Letter: Get rid of the Electoral College Dana Milbank: Mr. President, why the happy face? Op-ed: LDS Church should see a moral duty to address Trump Bagley cartoon: Great Wall of Trump ELEVATE Life is a Peach at the SALT Awards   Salt Lake Regional Medical Center First in the U.S. to Perform Meniscus Replacement   From Wall St to Hawaii to Utah Valley: UVU Professor Cary Wasden Mentors MBA Finance Students   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Mormon Rivals Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs The Utah Effect Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2016, The Salt Lake Tribune
News24 News. Breaking News. First LAST UPDATED: 2016-11-15, 22:54 SA's muthi markets: The sad 'dereliction of duty' In 2009 a court ordered the state to create and implement an awareness programme for muthi market wildlife trade - but almost seven years on its still being conceptualised. Cape Town Wednesday 16-22°C Sunny. Mild. 3 day forecast Thursday 15-21°c Mostly sunny. Mild. Friday 14-22°c Sunny. Mild. Saturday 15-22°c Sunny. Mild. More weather from Weather24 > Brought to you by: News South Africa World Africa Entertainment Green Health Opinions Voices MyNews24 Columnists Business Markets Personal Finance Economy Opinion Small Business BizNews FinWeek Sport News Rugby Cricket Soccer Golf Tennis Formula1 Other Sport SuperSport Live Streaming Video Highlights Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Motoring News New Models 4X4 Formula One MotorSport Bikes Your Wheels Travel News Explore Family Holidays SA Holiday Guide Weekend Escapes Travel Planning My Travels Lifestyle Health Women Motoring Food Travel Entertainment Parent Volunteers24 Games GameZone Dating Video News Sport Entertainment Motoring Women Food Parenting Travel Health Focus Obituaries Zimbabwe Aids Focus Good News City Press Competitions isiZulu Jobs Property City Press   High-res commercial satellite launches from California coast 2016-11-12 12:32 An Atlas 5 rocket carrying the WorldView-4 satellite is launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base. (United Launch Alliance via AP) Multimedia   ·   User Galleries   ·   News in Pictures Send us your pictures  ·  Send us your stories What To Read Next {{item.title}} Related Links Underwater robot measures Antarctic sea ice Teen girls to create Africa's first private satellite Satellite images show devastation in Aleppo Vandenberg Air Force Base - A commercial satellite capable of taking high-resolution images from space was launched Friday from a military base along the California coast. The satellite, known as WorldView-4, was lifted into orbit atop an Atlas 5 rocket from Vandenberg Air Force Base. WorldView-4 is the latest in a series of imaging satellites built by Lockheed Martin. It is operated by Colorado-based DigitalGlobe, which provides high-resolution images for government and private customers including first responders. The camera aboard the satellite is so sharp that it can spot the make of a car from nearly 640km above Earth, according to Lockheed Martin. It joins sister satellite, WorldView-3, which launched from the Vandenberg base in 2014. Both satellites can capture images of objects as small as 30cm across. Friday was the ninth launch for United Launch Alliance this year. ULA, a joint venture by Lockheed Martin and Boeing, has launched 112 times since it was founded in 2006. Its next launch is a Nasa weather satellite scheduled for next week from Cape Canaveral, Florida. WorldView-4 was supposed to launch in September, but was postponed by a minor tank leak and two wildfires at the sprawling base, which encompasses nearly 405km² along the Pacific Ocean. The fires forced the evacuation of administrative buildings, but did not affect the launch complex. Firefighters who were assigned to the launch were diverted to corralling the flames. Read more on:    lockheed martin  |  us  |  space Join the conversation! 24.com encourages commentary submitted via MyNews24. Contributions of 200 words or more will be considered for publication. We reserve editorial discretion to decide what will be published. Read our comments policy for guidelines on contributions. NEXT ON NEWS24X 'No turning back,' says head of UN climate talks 2016-11-12 10:15 Inside News24 Legal processes of adoption in SA A few dos, don'ts and how to do it the right way. AB is madly in love! "I realised I can’t live without this girl." The top 100 baby names... ...inspired by nature. See the Obamas' new home POTUS and FLOTUS won’t be moving too far from their original White House digs come January. Skosan's new ride We get to know the petrolhead behind Golden Lion's Courtnall Skosan. 11 all- time favourite square treats The best accompaniments to a cup of tea or coffee. Durban Beaches 101 Luke-warm seas, hot locals and flaming food! Populist revolution? Other European countries could go the way of Brexit and Donald Trump.   Welcome to News24 Get Published! UPLOAD Click here to upload your article Click here to upload your photo Click here to upload your video Most Read News In Your Area Editor's choice Erotic game goes wrong as wedding ring 'strangles' man's penis This is where the Obamas will live after they leave the White House More pictures of Mahlobo with massage therapist surface AS IT HAPPENED: Siyoni drops bombshell We need a massive effort to avoid Zuma's nuclear disaster More.. [change area] News in Cape Town Paraglider rescued in Porterville Housing movement occupies Cape Town government building Abducted Athlone businessman still missing Bucs class of '95 set standard, says Cheeseboy Cops hope for more arrests after R5m seized in alleged licencing scheme WATCH: Pillow fight club for five charities in the Capewatch WATCH: If you arrest Malema over land, arrest us all - EFF's Ndloziwatch Sorry whites, I can't help you Mondli Makhanya: The tragic fall of Brian Molefe Mondli Makhanya: Masking the Guptas’ pimples /News WATCH: President Jacob Zuma visits Alexandra's flood victims   We're launching November 21 The Huffington Post will launch their 17th digital edition in South Africa, with a mission to provide a platform for local voices and communities while also delivering the best of global and local news, politics, lifestyle, entertainment for South Africans, by South Africans. The new www.huffingtonpost.co.za will go live on 21 November 2016.   Follow us on Social Media Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Find us on Instagram Book flights Compare, Book, Fly From: Departure Date: To: Return Date: Travellers Traffic Alerts Please Select a Region Gauteng KwaZulu-Natal Western Cape Free State Mpumalanga Eastern Cape Limpopo Northern Cape North West Traffic Chapmans Peak 18:47 PM Road name: Chapmans Peak Drive Cape Town 18:33 PM Road name: METRO RAIL More traffic reports PowerBall, Plus Tuesday November 15 results 2016-11-15 21:05 Click here for the full list of lottery results Jobs in Cape Town [change area] Jobs in Western Cape region URGENTLY:Looking for Gym Membership Sales Associates Cape Town Giraffe R4 000 - R8 000 Per Month Frontend Web Developer Stellenbosch PurpledOt Solutions R25 000 - R45 000 Per Month Front End Developer Cape Town Tumaini Consulting R350 000 - R400 000 Per Year Browse more Cape Town jobs... Northern Cape Jobs Durban Jobs Nelspruit Jobs Construction Jobs Insurance Jobs Human Resources Jobs Register your CV... Get Job alerts in your e-mail... RECRUITERS – Advertise your jobs here Property [change area] HOUSES FOR SALE IN Cape Town, Newlands Houses R 8 800 000 HOUSES FOR SALE IN Fish Hoek Houses R 5 195 000 HOUSES FOR SALE IN Stellenbosch, Paradyskloof Houses R 4 350 000   services E-mail Alerts The latest headlines in your inbox RSS feeds News delivered really simply. Mobile News24 on your mobile or PDA E-mail Newsletters You choose what you want News24 on Android Get the latest from News24 on your Android device. SMS Alerts Get breaking news stories via SMS. TV Get us in your home, on your television.   News24Wire · Search · Advertise on News24 · Terms & Conditions · Press Releases · Jobs at 24.com · About us · Contact us   © 2016 24.com. All rights reserved. There are new stories on the homepage. Click here to see them.   News24 English Afrikaans isiZulu |   OLX  |  PROPERTY24  |  CAREERS24  |  SPREE  |     Hello  Create Profile Creating your profile will enable you to submit photos and stories to get published on News24. Please provide a username for your profile page: This username must be unique, cannot be edited and will be used in the URL to your profile page across the entire 24.com network. Hello  Choose a display name: * You must provide a display name. Edit your avatar: Select an image file on your computer (max 4MB): * The image you selected could not be uploaded. Tell us a bit about yourself: * Your profile could not be saved at the moment. Please try again later.   Saving your profile   Login / SignUp Login / SignUp Settings Location Settings News24 allows you to edit the display of certain components based on a location. If you wish to personalise the page based on your preferences, please select a location for each component and click "Submit" in order for the changes to take affect. Your Location Change your location National Cape Town George Johannesburg Pretoria East London Port Elizabeth Bloemfontein Durban Pietermaritzburg Polokwane Mbombela Kimberley Mahikeng * Weather Change your location National Cape Town George Johannesburg Pretoria East London Port Elizabeth Bloemfontein Durban Pietermaritzburg Polokwane Mbombela Kimberley Mahikeng * Always remember my setting Saving your settings Facebook Sign-In Hi News addict, Join the News24 Community to be involved in breaking the news. Log in with Facebook to comment and personalise news, weather and listings.  
National Post Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News World Israel & The Middle East World TRENDINGLeonard Cohen | NHL | Akin | Real estate | Donald Trump | Hydro bills | Lotto Max Five pillars of Obama’s legacy president-elect Trump is vowing to shatter Tom Blackwell | November 11, 2016 6:16 PM ET More from Tom Blackwell | @tomblackwellNP Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon After an extraordinary, 90-minute meeting between political arch-enemies Thursday, Donald Trump declared it a “great honour” to meet Barack Obama. The president, making equally nice, pledged to do whatever he could to help his brash successor transition into the job. Don’t expect those warm and fuzzy sentiments to last long. Trump has vowed to shatter virtually every pillar of Obama’s presidential legacy, a dismantling of eight years in the Oval Office that might be unprecedented in U.S. history. The property tycoon ran largely against Obama’s record, promising to repeal, “cancel” or replace everything from Obamacare to the Iran nuclear deal. The Republican is supremely well armed for the legacy-smashing mission. His party controls both houses of Congress, and many of Obama’s signature polices – non-starters as bills in a hostile legislative branch — were implemented by executive order. That means they can be countermanded with relative ease by the next president. Here are five bastions of Obama’s legacy targeted by Trump and the challenges he may face in dismantling them. Obamacare The president’s signature policy, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act came into force in 2010 in response to the many Americans without  health-care coverage. About 20 million more people now have insurance, but the law has been unpopular with many others, some of whom saw big premium hikes or rankled at being forced to get insurance. Trump vowed almost daily to “repeal and replace” Obamacare and, with Republican majorities, seems well-equipped to do so. The Democrats could filibuster in the Senate, but if the GOP used “reconciliation” bills that chip away at the act, rather than throw it out wholesale, they could avoid blockages. The measures in one such bill passed in 2015, then vetoed by Obama, would have effectively eliminated health insurance for 22 million Americans, said Dr. Nancy Nielsen, a health policy expert with the State University of New York at Buffalo. “They could dust that off, put it through again,” said the former American Medical Association president. “That would be easy to do.” Trump has promised vaguely to replace Obama’s system with tax-sheltered “health savings accounts,” but Nielsen says those would be of little benefit to poorer people who don’t pay much tax to begin with. She predicts there will eventually be a “symbolic” repeal, followed by a long period to develop and implement a replacement, and try to temper any blowback. Immigration Obama failed to interest Congress in a comprehensive immigration reform bill to address the millions of illegal immigrants – mostly Mexican – living and working in the U.S.. But he did pass some executive orders, such as one that temporarily protected from deportation undocumented immigrants who arrived with their parents as children. Trump has vowed to repeal that order, while customs officials now have contact information on more than 700,000 people who came forward to take advantage of it. Iran-nuclear deal The U.S. was one of six countries to sign the agreement that lifted punishing sanctions on Iran in return for halting its nuclear-weapons program, one of Obama’s paramount foreign-policy achievements. Republicans have castigated the deal as a gift to the Iranians that won’t stop them from making a bomb. Trump vowed to dismantle it, something he could try to do with an executive order that reinstated American sanctions. But that could well just prompt Iran to resume its weapons program, while antagonizing European countries – and U.S. companies like Boeing – that are doing business with the country again. Climate change After a slow start in his first term, Obama made combating climate change a key part of his last four years, culminating with signing the Paris agreement to reduce greenhouse-gas emissions. Trump has promised to undo much of it, not surprising for a man who says climate change is a hoax and fixing it would only hurt U.S. business. He says he would take America out of the Paris deal, repeal Obama’s Clean Power Plan to limit emissions from power plants, and approve the Keystone XL oil pipeline from Alberta, reversing the president’s thumb’s-down. To top it off, Trump has proposed climate change skeptic Myron Ebell as head of transition at the Environmental Protection Agency. Ebell insists global warming is “nothing to worry about.” Stephen Cohen, executive director of Columbia University’s Earth Institute, is surprisingly sanguine about Trump’s potential impact. He may slow progress, but the movement from fossil fuels toward renewable energy is unstoppable, much as horse-powered transport gave way to the internal-combustion engine a century ago, says Cohen. “It’s just a question of when,” he said. “Meanwhile, most utilities and businesses are assuming the future is going to be one with less greenhouse gases, so it doesn’t matter who the president is.” Cuba détente The agreement to normalize relations between the U.S, and Cuba — negotiated in Canada — ended almost 60 years of mutual hostility across the Gulf of Mexico, one of the last vestiges of the cold war. Trump says he will scrap the rapprochement unless the Raul Castro regime agrees to free political prisoners and restore political freedoms. Repealing could be complicated. Lawyers told the Miami Herald that airlines, hotel companies and others already doing business with Cuba based on the deal would have to be compensated if it was reversed, while American efforts to encourage entrepreneurs in the communist country would grind to a halt. Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: News, World, Donald Trump, United States World Videos Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2016 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Military Duncan Hunter mentioned for defense, national security positions in Trump administration Rep. Duncan Hunter Union-Tribune file photo Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Alpine, speaks during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton in June 2015. Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Alpine, speaks during a ceremony at Camp Pendleton in June 2015. (Union-Tribune file photo) Carl PrineContact Reporter Widely considered to have made the short list of candidates for top national security jobs in Donald Trump’s administration, Rep. Duncan Hunter of Alpine pledged Friday to make the Pentagon great again after eight years of Democratic control. “I’m excited about a warrior culture, a warrior mentality put back into the (military), as opposed to a corporate culture ruled over by the bureaucrats and lawyers,” Hunter, a Republican member of the House Armed Services Committee, said in a phone interview. “The warrior culture is going to get infused into (the department) again. It’s probably going to take a while because a lot of guys who had that mentality are no longer there, but maybe people’s true colors can show now, a little bit,” he added. An early endorser of Trump’s presidential campaign, Hunter remained steadfastly loyal to the New York TV star and real estate tycoon, even after the presidential candidate rankled many military veterans and key GOP national security figures through a series of controversial statements. On the campaign stump, for example, Trump mocked Sen. John McCain, R-Arizona, a former prisoner of war in Vietnam; claimed to be smarter than many of America’s generals; and proposed a slew of divisive plans such as forcing Muslim-Americans to register for a counter-terrorism database. “Listen, he’s not a politician. He’s never been in public office,” Hunter said Friday. “He’s never had to talk and had everything that he says dissected and taken apart, right? There’s a learning period here and it’s pretty steep, but I think he’s doing great now.” Hunter, a Marine combat veteran of the Iraq and Afghanistan wars, has been rumored for several top spots on Trump’s national security team. Those include secretary or deputy secretary of defense, Army secretary or a spot on the National Security Council — a position also of interest to retired Army Lt. Gen. Michael T. Flynn, a Trump confidante.  Caption A rare cancer linked to parasites in raw fish is quietly killing Vietnam vets Some of the hundreds of U.S. veterans of the Vietnam War who suffered from cholangiocarcinoma, a rare bile duct cancer believed to be linked to liver fluke parasites in raw or poorly cooked river fish. They were the lucky ones who managed to make it home from Vietnam. Now, a half-century later, some veterans are finding out they, too, are victims of the war. The enemy is a known killer in parts of Asia: Parasites ingested in raw or poorly cooked river fish. Some of the hundreds of U.S. veterans of the Vietnam War who suffered from cholangiocarcinoma, a rare bile duct cancer believed to be linked to liver fluke parasites in raw or poorly cooked river fish. They were the lucky ones who managed to make it home from Vietnam. Now, a half-century later, some veterans are finding out they, too, are victims of the war. The enemy is a known killer in parts of Asia: Parasites ingested in raw or poorly cooked river fish. Caption A rare cancer linked to parasites in raw fish is quietly killing Vietnam vets Some of the hundreds of U.S. veterans of the Vietnam War who suffered from cholangiocarcinoma, a rare bile duct cancer believed to be linked to liver fluke parasites in raw or poorly cooked river fish. They were the lucky ones who managed to make it home from Vietnam. Now, a half-century later, some veterans are finding out they, too, are victims of the war. The enemy is a known killer in parts of Asia: Parasites ingested in raw or poorly cooked river fish. Some of the hundreds of U.S. veterans of the Vietnam War who suffered from cholangiocarcinoma, a rare bile duct cancer believed to be linked to liver fluke parasites in raw or poorly cooked river fish. They were the lucky ones who managed to make it home from Vietnam. Now, a half-century later, some veterans are finding out they, too, are victims of the war. The enemy is a known killer in parts of Asia: Parasites ingested in raw or poorly cooked river fish. Caption Climate change is real: Just ask the Pentagon President-elect Donald Trump has described global warming as a hoax, but Pentagon officials say Americans have a responsibility to prepare for the future. President-elect Donald Trump has described global warming as a hoax, but Pentagon officials say Americans have a responsibility to prepare for the future. Caption Newest fighter jet a lethal 'assassin' against foes The Marines' F-35B strike fighters successfully land and take off from a Navy warship The Marines' F-35B strike fighters successfully land and take off from a Navy warship Caption Can faith help cure PTSD? Profile of faith-based attempts to heal PTSD has risen after national spotlight at Trump town hall. Profile of faith-based attempts to heal PTSD has risen after national spotlight at Trump town hall. Caption After months of repairs, warship Fort Worth back home The USS Fort Worth, a littoral combat ship, came home to San Diego Naval Base after millions of dollars of repairs to a damaged engine. The USS Fort Worth, a littoral combat ship, came home to San Diego Naval Base after millions of dollars of repairs to a damaged engine. Recently re-elected in a landslide, Hunter insisted that holding a safe House seat in a largely Republican district pales in importance to serving his nation at the highest levels during wartime, a belief he said is shared by his constituents. “Unanimously they’ve said, ‘Do it. Get into the administration and try to affect things from there because Trump needs you,’” he said. If tapped as secretary of defense, the 39-year-old Hunter would become the youngest person in American history to assume the Pentagon’s top post. The short list for that job is believed to include former Sen. Jim Talent, a Republican from Missouri, and Stephen Hadley, who was a national security adviser to President George W. Bush. At the Pentagon, Hunter said, he would work to overturn a string of initiatives launched by President Barack Obama’s administration that he believes make the country less safe, such as opening up infantry and special-operations units to women.  “I’d reverse (that policy) immediately,” Hunter said. He also wants to preserve the Army’s armored brigades and fix a naval force that’s increasingly dependent on vessels like the nimble but small littoral combat ship, which Hunter called a “Navy screw-up and a congressional screw-up.” Design flaws, cost overruns and questionable command oversight have dogged the warships. Criticizing Obama for what he views as hasty and reactive foreign-policy decisions, Hunter said Trump’s incoming team will ink a grand strategy — prioritizing where the president will project power to achieve security goals vital to the nation, often in concert with overseas allies. On the campaign trail, Trump suggested abandoning or reducing America’s commitment to North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies that skimped on defense spending. He also complained about a perceived lack of financial support from longtime allies Japan and South Korea. Hunter said the two Asian nations dedicate substantial resources to host American troops stationed on their home soil, but that several NATO states could spend more to maintain mutual-defense obligations. To Hunter, the thornier problem is how to address rising Russian power. “Keep Russia in Syria, because I think Russia should be in Syria. I’m not a guy who’s upset about that. But get them out of Ukraine,” he said. The San Diego Union-Tribune and a handful of other news organizations received leaked documents from the Trump camp that appear to sketch out the vetting process for picks to fill top agency positions. Despite a campaign highlighted by relentless indictments of establishment GOP figures and calls to “drain the swamp” of Beltway insiders and special-interest groups, Trump’s transition team brims with lobbyists, longtime think-tank hands and retired senior military leaders, according to those documents. The transition “action team” is run by Ron Nicol, a Dallas-based telecommunications consultant who served as a junior Navy officer on a nuclear ballistic missile submarine. Under him is retired Army Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, a Vietnam War veteran best known for leading part of the Coalition Provisional Authority in the wake of the 2003 invasion of Iraq.  He is tasked with choosing defense and U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs officials. Former Rep. Mike Rogers, a Michigan Republican who retired from the FBI, is overseeing the team charged with identifying leaders for the State Department, the Department of Homeland Security and the National Security Council, according to the paperwork. Kellogg and Rogers have delegated key details of the selection process to Mira Ricardel, a Washington-based business strategist and a former vice president for defense contractor Boeing; conservative Heritage Foundation think-tank scholar James Jay Carafano; tobacco industry lobbyist Cindy Hayden; and Ronald Burgess, a retired Army general who directed the Defense Intelligence Agency. Hunter said Trump carries no post-election baggage, such as job promises for national security figures from the GOP establishment. To Hunter, Obama’s White House arrogantly relied more on Ivy League diplomas than it did subject-matter experts and combat-tested military personnel. “Just because you’ve got a degree from a foreign policy place doesn’t make you an expert in the world,” Hunter said. “This (current) administration — which is full of young people with high and lofty ideals and a lot of degrees — frankly, I’d take one of my staff sergeants over them any day. “They understand what war means. They understand the enemy. They understand who we’re fighting.” Hunter’s willingness to join the Trump team clashes with many in the Republican Party’s national security intelligentsia. More than 100 elite Republican defense figures signed open letters urging Americans to reject Trump’s candidacy. Others took to the airwaves and social media to back Trump’s GOP foes during the primary or Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.   Christopher Swift, who formerly served in the U.S. Treasury Department’s Office of Foreign Assets Control, probed terrorist funding and rogue nations undergoing economic sanctions — such as Iran during George W. Bush’s administration.  On Friday, he told the Union-Tribune he won’t budge on his decision to boycott a Trump administration built on “brinksmanship and bullying.” He had supported Ohio Gov. John Kasich during the Republican primary. “If the boss is toxic, then his administration will be toxic,” said Swift, now a prominent attorney and a national security instructor at Georgetown University. “You might think that you can temper that, but you serve at his will.” Trump’s election also sparked debate among defense figures worldwide about future cooperation with his administration. Rex Brynen, a political scientist at McGill University in Montreal, published an open letter in the online journal Business Insider warning Americans on the eve of Tuesday’s election that a Trump administration would “increasingly be seen by (America’s) closest and most loyal allies as part of the problem, not part of the solution.” In the wake of Trump’s victory, the Middle East expert, former intelligence analyst and frequent defense adviser to the Canadian government said he has cut all ties to the United States’ security agencies — except for initiatives such as humanitarian missions conducted jointly with America’s northern neighbor. Citing Trump’s “racist and xenophobic” campaign statements calling for the slaying of suspected terrorists’ families and a ban on Muslims immigrating to the U.S., Brynen said he feared the incoming administration could become “not only dangerous to Canada, but also to the United States.” Trump and his transition team have not specified when they will announce their top agency picks. cprine@sduniontribune.com Copyright © 2016, The San Diego Union-Tribune Canada Donald Trump Duncan Hunter Barack Obama Republican Party Mike J. Rogers U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs US Politics Latest Most Popular Jobs Homes Cars Customer Help Today's Paper 70°
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Election roundup: Trump ahead of Clinton by 5 votes in Clark County Weighted stuffed animals provide comfort Weather Eye: Normal weather returns; Thursday, Friday dry for outdoor plans U.S. experts host volcano workshop Police departments eye lower recruitment criteria Woman charged in head-on crash Teen sentenced in armed robbery Men face multiple charges in two shooting cases Northwest officials discuss train transport Two injured in fire north of La Center released from hospital Northwest officials discuss train transport A group of elected officials who want federal regulators to do more about mitigating the risks local communities face from… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines High school scoreboard 11-15 Prairie girls basketball off to fresh start Community notebook: Woodland’s Cichosz crowned World’s Toughest Mudder Community scoreboard 11-14 Seager, Fulmer take Rookie of the Year honors Russell Wilson joining Seattle Arena investment group Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week How Clark County college football players fared, Nov. 12 Weekly high school sports schedule, Nov. 14-19 For state playoffs, just set matchups and play it out Nominees for the Week 11 fall sports prep athlete of the week Weekly vote, sponsored by Athletes Corner, continues through Thursday Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Groups, BNSF Railway reach agreement in coal dust lawsuit Brunell: Putting Americans back to work is Job No. 1 Google latest to get fooled by fake election stories Tech stock losses cancel out bank gains Government requiring electric cars to make noise Apple Pay, Samsung Pay make changes Drink distributors to merge American flight attendants report more uniform issues Camas’ Runyan’s Jewelers celebrates 70th anniversary Saturday American Apparel files for bankruptcy protection for a second time Camas’ Runyan’s Jewelers celebrates 70th anniversary Saturday CAMAS — Some people pass jewelry down to their sons or daughters. The Runyan family passed down a jewelry store. Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories The world’s best waffles Make these chocolate rosemary biscotti for a snack or a gift Mini pies take center stage A few simple hacks, and I have a new hero A one-pot take that does ‘pasta fazool’ one better Keep turkey breast moist by putting stuffing under the skin Molasses cookies kind of perfect Know volume of baking pans Southwestern chicken & rice skillet recipe gets a boost from fresh peppers, spices Venezuelan corncakes stack up to toppings The world’s best waffles We all know that superlatives have lost whatever meaning they ever had (thanks, internet!). But we can also all agree… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Does He Mean What he Says? Sowell: We dodged one bullet, but there could be a lot more Letter: Be honest about Civil War Letter: Protesters show hypocrisy Letter: Support palliative care bill Letter: Fight for what is right Letter: Terminal doesn’t belong in Kalama In Our View: Blackface is Overt Racism Pitts: Americans said yes vile treatment of most vulnerable Letter: Provide support for caregivers Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 13-19 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Chick-fil-A patrons overwhelm lot shared by 2 other businesses Everybody Has a Story is looking for more Kindergartners learn about fire safety Mount St. Helens Institute raises $103,000, celebrates 20 years Firefighters fit students for coats Employees donate time, money on Make A Difference Day Felida church collecting items for children worldwide New public art unveiled in Washougal Furry Friends receives $21,825 toward new shelter Hathaway Elementary School hosts first back-to-school bash Woodland has plan for big band WOODLAND — Seventy-six trombones? Woodland High School’s pep band has one. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate High-res commercial satellite launches from California coast WorldView-4 will be used by private customers, officials An Atlas 5 rocket carrying the WorldView-4 commercial satellite is launched Friday at Vandenberg Air Force Base, Calif. (United Launch Alliance) By Associated Press Published: November 11, 2016, 6:37 PM A   A VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. (AP) — A commercial satellite capable of taking high-resolution images from space was launched Friday from a military base along the California coast. The satellite known as WorldView-4 was lifted into orbit atop an Atlas 5 rocket from Vandenberg Air Force Base. WorldView-4 is the latest in a series of imaging satellites built by Lockheed Martin. It is operated by Colorado-based DigitalGlobe, which provides high-resolution images for government and private customers including first responders. The camera aboard the satellite is so sharp that it can spot the make of a car from nearly 400 miles above Earth, according to Lockheed Martin. It joins sister satellite WorldView-3, which launched from the Vandenberg base in 2014. Both satellites can capture images of objects as small as 1-foot across. Friday was the ninth launch for United Launch Alliance this year. ULA, a joint venture by Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co., has launched 112 times since it was founded in 2006. Its next launch is a NASA weather satellite scheduled for next week from Cape Canaveral, Fla. WorldView-4 was supposed to launch in September, but was postponed by a minor tank leak and two wildfires at the sprawling base, which encompasses nearly 156 square miles along the Pacific Ocean. The fires forced the evacuation of administrative buildings, but did not affect the launch complex. Firefighters who were assigned to the launch were diverted to corral the flames. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
