Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 26 mins S&P 500 2,412.91 -2.91 (-0.12%) Dow 30 21,029.47 -50.81 (-0.24%) Nasdaq 6,203.19 -7.00 (-0.11%) New Russian jet heralds carbon manufacturing shake-up By Tim Hepher Reuters May 29, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos FILE PHOTO - An autoclave is displayed by California-based ASC Process Systems at the JEC World exhibition at Villepinte, outside Paris, France, March 16, 2017. REUTERS/Christian Hartmann/File PhotoMore By Tim Hepher PARIS (Reuters) - Russia's new jetliner, which conducted its maiden flight on Sunday, may have a hard time challenging the sales duopoly of Boeing and Airbus, but it does point the way to radical changes in how they could be building jets in the future. The MS-21, a new single aisle airliner produced by Russia's United Aircraft Corporation, is the first passenger plane borne aloft by lightweight carbon-composite wings built without a costly pressurized oven called an autoclave. The manufacturing process provides a test for a technology already being assessed by Western rivals, who are looking for cheaper and faster ways to build some of their aircraft with composites, according to aerospace executives and suppliers. Even as it sets up the world's largest autoclaves to make wings for its giant 777X, Boeing is exploring alternatives for its "New Midsize Airplane" (NMA), in the middle of the market between its big wide-body jets and best-selling 737. "There's a good chance part of the NMA will be built without autoclaves," a person familiar with the project said. A Boeing spokesman said it was studying mid-market opportunities and declined further comment. Sources say Boeing's choice of technology for its two-aircraft NMA family will lay the foundation for the next generation of its money-spinning 737, expected to appear from 2030 and last well into the second half of the century. Boeing has not yet discussed this part of its strategy publicly, but industry sources said it may include a trio of jets seating 160 to 210 people and built using broadly the same production system as the one developed for the NMA. Both families of planes are likely to be built for 30 years and stay in service for another 20-30. So today's technology choices represent a colossal 75-year bet. Airbus too is monitoring the technology as it considers how to respond to Boeing's mid-market jet, CNN reported last month. Airbus has declined to comment on the report. PIVOTAL DECISION Composites have been used in aviation since the 1970s but achieved a breakthrough in the past decade as the Boeing 787 Dreamliner and Airbus A350 entered service, promising to save money on fuel by replacing most metal parts with lighter carbon. Those are long-haul jets, which means that the savings on fuel are worthwhile even though the planes are expensive to build. For short-haul planes that burn less fuel, like the NMA or future 737, it is more important to find cheaper ways to build them, and avoiding the need for autoclaves could help. Betting on technology that does not require an autoclave is a gamble also for composite suppliers like U.S.-based Hexcel <HXL.N>, Solvay <SOLB.BR> of Belgium and Toray <3402.T> of Japan, whose share of aerospace manufacturing is growing. At a recent JEC composites fair in Paris, Hexcel and Solvay showcased out-of-autoclave prototype parts as they gear up to supply manufacturers on a bigger scale. "It's one of the big questions now in aerospace: how to produce out-of-autoclave on a large scale and at high speeds," said Henri Girardy, business development manager at Hexcel Composites, adding jetmakers would accept no cut in performance. Boeing's Dreamliner and the Airbus A350 are built from carbon fiber already impregnated with resin, called "prepreg", which is supplied to jetmakers, tailored by machines into plane parts and cured inside giant pressure-cooking autoclaves. Analysts say these parts cost around 30-40 percent more to produce than aluminum. Under the new technology, instead of using fiber that is pre-impregnated with resin, parts are made from a dry-fiber engineered textile which is placed in a mould and then infused with resin under a vacuum. The parts can then be cured in an oven without pressure, a process estimated to cost 25 percent more than metal. Ultimately, that gap needs to narrow significantly or disappear. Boatbuilders and windfarm makers have used this method for years. Secondary airplane parts have also been made that way. But although Canada's Bombardier partly used the technique for its CSeries, it was rare for flight-critical parts before the designers of the new Russian plane chose it for the wing. The MS-21 has yet to score large sales but has been able to catch onto the latest manufacturing wave at a time when Western giants are starting to think beyond their recently upgraded models to future designs. Read More "This is an excellent technology demonstrator because it is on a real programme and a primary-structure part," said Frank Nickisch, global director of strategic projects at Solvay Composite Materials, which provided materials for the MS-21. He noted that the wings on the MS-21 are of comparable size to a Boeing 737 or Airbus A320. Still, more needs to be done to bring down costs. And composite firms are not yet ready to support output at speeds planemakers have in mind. Industry sources say Boeing is expected to build 20-30 of its proposed mid-market planes a month, about twice the rate for the 787. Future 737 and A320 replacements are likely to be closer to the 60-80 mark. Nickisch said the proposed new Boeing middle-market aircraft would be a good test case for whether the industry can switch to a higher tempo using the widely expected composites. Yet tough planemaker targets on cost, performance and output require progress on three fronts: cheaper materials, wider automation and computer simulation to ensure new technology works first time, following widespread delays with new jet programmes. "Prepreg technology has been developing for 40 years, based on day-to-day knowledge. But to bring in a new process we need to be able to predict it first, with databanks," Girardy said. For graphic on how single-aisle jets compare http://tmsnrt.rs/2qyEV0W (Writing by Tim Hepher; Editing by Peter Graff) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next U.S. proposes fining United $435,000 over 2014 flights Reuters Boeing Roundup: Super Hornet contract… $4.2B jet deal with Hainan Airlines Chicago Business Journal Japan to finalize strategy for drones, self-driving trucks on June 9: government sources Reuters Russia squares up to Boeing, Airbus with maiden jet flight Reuters Uber fires self-driving car chief at center of court case Reuters Men probing Ivanka Trump brand in China arrested, missing Associated Press An Amazon engineer is letting thousands of Twitch users play the stock market with $50,000 of his own money Business Insider Study shows how GOP plan would lower premiums: ditching costly, sick people Yahoo Finance Retail: Lidl opening 20 stores, plans 100 The Business Journals What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, May 31 Yahoo Finance Video Housing, Beige Book — What you need to know in markets on Wednesday Yahoo Finance 'The Russians are laughing' as tensions rise between the US and Germany CNBC Spicer: Trump's relationship with Angela Merkel is 'fairly unbelievable' Business Insider Cramer: Why Amazon crossing $1000 is a potential red flag CNBC Is this multimillion-dollar Rolls-Royce the most expensive new car ever? CNBC Sponsor pressure on after Tiger Woods DUI arrest Yahoo Finance Video Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? larry: Soon the White House staff will consist only of trumps family. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 334

Warning: this page will not work because you have JavaScript disabled in your browser. Go LATEST MOST POPULAR NEWS VIDEO PHOTO NEWS VIDEO PHOTO HOME JG.TV News Business International Sports Life & Style Opinion INDEX New Russian Jet Heralds Carbon Manufacturing Shake-Up i An MS-21 medium-range passenger plane, produced by Irkut Corporation, takes off in Irkutsk, Russia, Sunday (28/05). (Reuters Photo/PR Department of Irkut Corporation) By : Tim Hepher | on 11:00 PM May 30, 2017 Category : International, World Paris. Russia's new jetliner, which conducted its maiden flight on Sunday (28/05), may have a hard time challenging the sales duopoly of Boeing and Airbus, but it does point the way to radical changes in how they could be building jets in the future. The MS-21, a new single aisle airliner produced by Russia's United Aircraft Corporation, is the first passenger plane borne aloft by lightweight carbon-composite wings built without a costly pressurized oven called an autoclave. The manufacturing process provides a test for a technology already being assessed by Western rivals, who are looking for cheaper and faster ways to build some of their aircraft with composites, according to aerospace executives and suppliers. Even as it sets up the world's largest autoclaves to make wings for its giant 777X, Boeing is exploring alternatives for its "New Midsize Airplane" (NMA), in the middle of the market between its big wide-body jets and best-selling 737. "There's a good chance part of the NMA will be built without autoclaves," a person familiar with the project said. A Boeing spokesman said it was studying mid-market opportunities and declined further comment. Sources say Boeing's choice of technology for its two-aircraft NMA family will lay the foundation for the next generation of its money-spinning 737, expected to appear from 2030 and last well into the second half of the century. Boeing has not yet discussed this part of its strategy publicly, but industry sources said it may include a trio of jets seating 160 to 210 people and built using broadly the same production system as the one developed for the NMA. Both families of planes are likely to be built for 30 years and stay in service for another 20-30. So today's technology choices represent a colossal 75-year bet. Airbus too is monitoring the technology as it considers how to respond to Boeing's mid-market jet, CNN reported last month. Airbus has declined to comment on the report. Pivotal Decision Composites have been used in aviation since the 1970s but achieved a breakthrough in the past decade as the Boeing 787 Dreamliner and Airbus A350 entered service, promising to save money on fuel by replacing most metal parts with lighter carbon. Those are long-haul jets, which means that the savings on fuel are worthwhile even though the planes are expensive to build. For short-haul planes that burn less fuel, like the NMA or future 737, it is more important to find cheaper ways to build them, and avoiding the need for autoclaves could help. Betting on technology that does not require an autoclave is a gamble also for composite suppliers like US-based Hexcel, Solvay of Belgium and Toray of Japan, whose share of aerospace manufacturing is growing. At a recent JEC composites fair in Paris, Hexcel and Solvay showcased out-of-autoclave prototype parts as they gear up to supply manufacturers on a bigger scale. "It's one of the big questions now in aerospace: how to produce out-of-autoclave on a large scale and at high speeds," said Henri Girardy, business development manager at Hexcel Composites, adding jetmakers would accept no cut in performance. Boeing's Dreamliner and the Airbus A350 are built from carbon fiber already impregnated with resin, called "prepreg," which is supplied to jetmakers, tailored by machines into plane parts and cured inside giant pressure-cooking autoclaves. Analysts say these parts cost around 30-40 percent more to produce than aluminium. Under the new technology, instead of using fiber that is pre-impregnated with resin, parts are made from a dry-fiber engineered textile which is placed in a mold and then infused with resin under a vacuum. The parts can then be cured in an oven without pressure, a process estimated to cost 25 percent more than metal. Ultimately, that gap needs to narrow significantly or disappear. Boatbuilders and windfarm makers have used this method for years. Secondary airplane parts have also been made that way. But although Canada's Bombardier partly used the technique for its CSeries, it was rare for flight-critical parts before the designers of the new Russian plane chose it for the wing. The MS-21 has yet to score large sales but has been able to catch onto the latest manufacturing wave at a time when Western giants are starting to think beyond their recently upgraded models to future designs. "This is an excellent technology demonstrator because it is on a real program and a primary-structure part," said Frank Nickisch, global director of strategic projects at Solvay Composite Materials, which provided materials for the MS-21. He noted that the wings on the MS-21 are of comparable size to a Boeing 737 or Airbus A320. Still, more needs to be done to bring down costs. And composite firms are not yet ready to support output at speeds planemakers have in mind. Industry sources say Boeing is expected to build 20-30 of its proposed mid-market planes a month, about twice the rate for the 787. Future 737 and A320 replacements are likely to be closer to the 60-80 mark. Nickisch said the proposed new Boeing middle-market aircraft would be a good test case for whether the industry can switch to a higher tempo using the widely expected composites. Yet tough planemaker targets on cost, performance and output require progress on three fronts: cheaper materials, wider automation and computer simulation to ensure new technology works first time, following widespread delays with new jet programs. "Prepreg technology has been developing for 40 years, based on day-to-day knowledge. But to bring in a new process we need to be able to predict it first, with databanks," Girardy said. ReutersShow More Russia MS-21 United Aircraft Corporation New Midsize Airplane NMA As US and China Find Common Ground on North Korea, Is Russia the Wild Card? Several Injured as Aeroflot Flight Hits Turbulence Before Landing in Bangkok   Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. MORE NEWS South Korea Defense Ministry 'Intentionally Dropped' Thaad Units in Report US, China Debating When UN Should Act on North Korea Indian Economy Rides on Consumer Spending Revival Ahead of GST Launch China Is Behaving Like a 'Bully' in South China Sea: McCain Singapore Fines Credit Suisse, UOB Over 1MDB-Linked Dealings, Wraps up Review Thai Cabinet Approves $2.9 Billion Infrastructure Fund Indian Rights Lawyer to Lead UN Probe Into Rohingya Crackdown North Korea Fires Scud-Class Ballistic Missile, Japan Protests Trump, Macron and Election: What Prompted Merkel's Blunt Munich Speech TRENDING #KampungMelayubombing #IslamicState #China #MarawiCity #Indonesiatourism Most Popular     ABOUT US PRIVACY POLICY CAREER CONNECT APPS Copyright©2017 Jakarta Globe, All Rights Reserved Close Close Close Close
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Phantom Express: The Super Spaceplane Boeing and DARPA Hope to Make a Reality Dave Majumdar May 30, 2017 TweetShareShare Earlier this month, Boeing and the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) announced that they hope to build a new space plane to quickly carry satellites and other payloads into orbit. Called the Experimental Spaceplane (XS-1) program, the new robotic spacecraft would be an autonomous, reusable spaceplane. The spaceplane would be used to lift a small expendable upper stage aloft to where it could launch a small satellite of about 3,000 pounds into low Earth orbit. “Phantom Express is designed to disrupt and transform the satellite launch process as we know it today, creating a new, on-demand space-launch capability that can be achieved more affordably and with less risk,” Darryl Davis, president of Boeing Phantom Works, said in a statement. The idea behind Phantom Express is that as a reusable spaceplane, it could be turned around and launched back into space quickly. Conventional rockets can be used just once while the U.S. Space Shuttle program—which was also reusable spaceplane—is a now a distant memory. But even then, the Shuttle did not have an especially quick turnaround time. Despite being decades newer, the Phantom Express will leverage some of the technology from the Space Shuttle program, which was developed during the 1970s. Indeed, the Phantom Express spaceplane’s engine technology is directly derived from the Space Shuttle. “The Aerojet Rocketdyne AR-22 engine, a version of the legacy Space Shuttle main engine, would power the spaceplane,” reads a Boeing statement. “It is designed to be reusable and operates using liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen fuel.” But while the Phantom Express reuses some of the Space Shuttle’s technology, it offers advances in other areas. It would offer a much more advanced airframe design as well as new third-generation thermal protection. But the air vehicle would be far smaller and lighter than the Space Shuttle—nor would it need to be built to withstand quite the same stresses as its predecessor. “Once the spaceplane – called Phantom Express – reaches the edge of space, it would deploy the second stage and return to Earth,” Boeing states. “It would then land on a runway to be prepared for its next flight by applying operation and maintenance principles similar to modern aircraft.” Boeing and DARPA are planning to jointly invest their money into the development of the Phantom Express. The two entities hope to conduct a demonstration of 10 flights over 10 days—a feat which is unprecedented. If the experiment works, the Phantom Express could be a revolution in space launch technology. Dave Majumdar is the defense editor for The National Interest. You can follow him on Twitter: @davemajumdar. Image: Boeing.  TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Will Donald Trump Embark on an Endless Crusade in Afghanistan? Making the Taliban the primary enemy has gotten the United States into an unwinnable war in Afghanistan. Ted Galen Carpenter A Taiwanese Arms Package Could Be Used as Leverage in the Korean Crisis Trump has developed U.S. foreign policy with Chinese characteristics, keeping Beijing guessing. John HemmingsJake Ramsamugh Can Germany Defend Europe On Its Own? Most of NATO’s frontline members in eastern and southern Europe are doing their part. Germany is not. Salvatore Babones Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
CLOSE Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Art & Culture Drive Explore Faith Fashion Wednesday, May 31, 2017 SG ePaper Saudi Arabia World Opinion Business Technology Sport Rio Olympics 2016 Life Indonesian mobile cinema keeps old film format alive in digital age Swedish comedy ‘The Square’ is surprise Cannes winner How Hollywood is giving its biggest stars digital facelifts Saudi artist Shalimar Sharbatly paints Formula One car Red carpets and rap parties: Rising movie star gets full Cannes experience AllArt & CultureDriveExploreFaithFashion Home Business Boeing design focuses on details that matter to passenger comfort Business Boeing design focuses on details that matter to passenger comfort May 31, 2017 90 0 SHARE Facebook Twitter Blake Emery RIYADH —  Every day, thousands of passengers in the Middle East will board a flight bound for any one of the hundreds of destinations served by the region’s airlines. For some, the experience will offer nothing out of the ordinary, including the tiredness and jet lag associated with long-haul travel. Others, however, will fare – and feel – better. Blake Emery, Director of Differentiation Strategy for Boeing Commercial Airplanes, looks at how innovation has shaped a better passenger experience. What makes an airplane journey memorable? Was it the comfort of the seat, the quality of service, or the in-flight entertainment? Since the earliest days of air travel, the expectations of the flying public have largely remained unchanged: safety, cabin comfort, and in-flight service. While flying has never been safer, and airlines in the Middle East have set a high bar for both the quality of service and the standard of their cabins, there was still a need for aircraft manufacturers to step up and further enrich the cabin experience. This wasn’t about building bigger airplanes; it was about designing better ones that rely on innovation and attention to detail to truly improve the passenger journey. Think about your most recent flight: did you feel a sense of relief after walking down the narrow confines of the jet-way and boarding the aircraft to be greeted by an open area with high ceilings? Did you then comfortably settle into your seat, taking in the roomy cabin around you, instead of crouching to slide down your row, all the while dreading the next few hours? And when you got to your destination, did you feel less tired and jet-lagged than you expected to? If the answer to all the questions is affirmative, it was very likely that you were experiencing the Boeing 787 Dreamliner and its Boeing Sky Interior. The sense of relief you felt when stepping onboard the plane was the result of using an age-old architectural technique – compression and release – commonly employed in the construction of religious monuments and modern hotels. After queuing through the tunnel-like bridge, the aircraft’s entrance is specifically designed to give passengers a psychological sense of relief and space when they board the plane. The space and comfort you experienced are the results of a wider cabin, the largest windows currently in the sky, sculpted sidewalls for added enhancement, and spacious overhead storage bins which don’t protrude inconveniently over the seats, folding instead into the ceiling and walls. Even the latches on the bins have been given careful consideration and are designed to operate whether a passenger pulls or pushes them, opening the stowage in a carefully timed manner. The uniquely lower cabin altitude that better matches what your body is used to on the ground, and the human-centric cabin lighting which, depending on the time of the day, will emit soothing hues of the airlines’ choice, helped reduce your tiredness and symptoms commonly associated with jetlag. Although the flying public will take many of these features for granted, each element of the cabin’s design – however mundane it may seem – is intended to unconsciously appeal to the passengers’ psyche, improving their in-flight wellbeing. Each aspect is meticulously well-thought-out and refined, using a combination of science, passenger feedback, and practicality, with the goal of contributing to the overall customer experience. Importantly for customers such as Saudi Arabian Airlines, which currently operates the 787 Dreamliner, they also complement an airline’s in-flight product and brand. By placing emphasis on the details that matter to the comfort and well-being of the passenger, we always strive to better that journey for the people who travel on our airplanes. And when airplanes – such as the Dreamliner and the 777X – set new benchmarks for passenger comfort, they do so entirely by design. — SG SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleSyria’s economy is on its knees Next articleFive die as cyclone batters Bangladesh Imran Syed RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR King prays for forgiveness, reward for Muslims Deputy crown prince: Kingdom, Russia going through best moments ever Iranian bid to kill Jubeir was approved at ‘highest level’ NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply May 2017 S M T W T F S « Apr       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   STAY CONNECTED 1,640,742FansLike 44,154FollowersFollow Ads Recent Posts King prays for forgiveness, reward for Muslims May 31, 2017 Deputy crown prince: Kingdom, Russia going through best moments ever May 31, 2017 Iranian bid to kill Jubeir was approved at ‘highest level’ May 31, 2017 Qatar reportedly gave $500m to Popular Mobilization militias in Iraq May 31, 2017 Videos on Saudia planes tell of workers’ rights in 9 languages May 31, 2017 Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 © Saudi Gazette 2015 All rights reserved. OKAZ AL-NADI
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Log In Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business World Russia’s challenger to 737 and A320 makes first brief flight Originally published May 30, 2017 at 1:14 pm The MS-21, which is also often referred to using the Cyrillic alphabet as MC-21, is Russia’s first post-Soviet airliner and represents a determined effort to regain the country’s standing as a center of aerospace engineering prowess. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter Less than a month after China’s national aerospace champion offered its challenge to Airbus and Boeing with the first flight of a 737-sized airliner, Russia entered the fray Sunday when jetmaker Irkut flew the MS-21 for the first time. The MS-21, which is also often referred to using the Cyrillic alphabet as MC-21, is Russia’s first post-Soviet airliner and represents a determined effort to regain the country’s standing as a center of aerospace engineering prowess. It features a carbon fiber reinforced plastic wing and tail, as well as the latest Pratt & Whitney geared turbofan engines, similar to those on the Airbus A320 and Bombardier CSeries jets. The flight was not announced in advance. Irkut said in a statement that the larger of two proposed variants, the MS-21-300, successfully completed its flight in Irkutsk, Siberia, flying for just 30 minutes, reaching an altitude of 3,300 feet and a speed of 186 miles per hour. Most Read Stories Garfield teacher pepper-sprayed by Seattle police to receive $100,000 settlement  WATCH Young father run down, killed in Grays Harbor County campground confrontation Swedish double-booked its surgeries, and the patients didn't know | Quantity of Care Backing out of wedding means owning decision | Dear Carolyn Tesla’s Model X misses out on nation’s SUV hungerSale! Get 90% off digital access. The shortness of the flight and the relatively low speed and altitude could indicate some issue arose to cut the test flight short, but in its statement Irkut insisted all was normal. “During the flight a simulated landing approach was performed, followed by a flight over the runway, climbing and turning,” Irkut said. “This technique is typical for the maiden flight of new types of aircraft.” Larger yet lighter The Russian jet enters the same market as the Chinese C919, which had its debut flight in Shanghai on May 4. Designed to carry 163 to 211 passengers, the MS-21-300 — like the C919 — is aimed at the heart of the single-aisle market, today dominated by the Airbus A320 and the Boeing 737-800. Its fusleage is four inches wider than that of the Airbus jet and a full foot wider than Boeing’s, offering the possibility of wider seats and better passenger comfort. The MS-21 is also slightly longer than either of the Western aircraft, and it has an extra seven inches of wingspan. Yet data provided by independent Russian aviation sites indicates that the plane’s composite plastic wing and tail make it more than 3 tons lighter than the Boeing 737. The composite wing is not produced the way Boeing manufactures the wings of the 787 Dreamliner — by baking the material to hardness in a high-pressure oven, known as an autoclave. Instead, Irkut uses a technology called Resin Infusion that hardens the composite without the enormous energy and capital investment required for the autoclave process. Future threat The 21 in the MS-21’s name designates it a “21st century” aircraft. “MS” is for Magistralni Samolyot, meaning airplane for mainline or backbone routes. Irkut, a division of Russia’s state-controlled United Aircraft Corporation (UAC), has been tasked by President Vladimir Putin with restoring the country’s aerospace industry to its former pre-eminence and challenging the West’s dominance. Russia is also developing its own PD-14 jet engine, which it plans to offer as an alternative on the MS-21 to the Pratt & Whitney engine. The aircraft has won 175 initial firm orders from Russian buyers. It’s likely to sell more not only within Russia but within those countries of the former Soviet Union still dependent on Moscow. But can it sell well in the West? To do so, UAC will have to build an extensive support infrastructure to supply maintenance and spare parts for Western airlines — a tall order starting from scratch. Irkut’s ability to streamline the resin infusion technology to efficiently ramp up production will also be critical to the jet’s chances of success. In a report published Monday, U.S. aviation consulting firm AirInsight wrote that “if the MC-21 turns out to meet its specifications, then UAC has a fine product on its hands that may further disrupt the duopoly” of Airbus and Boeing. The challenge to the two Western aircraft makers is not so much to the new Airbus A320neo and Boeing 737 MAX single-aisle jets. Both of those are established successes, with Airbus having already stacked up more than 5,000 orders for the A320neo while Boeing has just over 3,700 orders for the MAX. But if the MS-21 gains a foothold in the market and sells well enough to survive, then looking a decade ahead the next new jet from Russia could be more of a threat. Earlier this month, Russia and China together announced a new joint venture to develop over the next decade a larger, twin-aisle airliner in the same size category as the Boeing 787 Dreamliner and the Airbus A350. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story Space odyssey: UW, WSU students building tiny satellites (think Kleenex box-size) Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Triumph agreement with Boeing extends support for V-22 Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Tue May 30, 2017 | 3:05pm EDT BRIEF-Triumph agreement with Boeing extends support for V-22 May 30 Triumph Group Inc : * Triumph agreement with Boeing extends support for V-22 * ‍contract is expected to be negotiated before end of 2017 between Bell Boeing and U.S. Navy​ * Selected by Boeing to support V-22 Osprey Multiyear 3 contract, once approved * ‍agreement extends statement of work Triumph currently has on V-22 Multiyear 2 contract​ * ‍triumph deliveries in support of Multiyear 3 contract will begin in 2019 and extend through 2024​ Source text for Eikon: Further company coverage: Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News JGBs slip as investors await BOJ's June purchase details TOKYO, May 31 Japanese government bonds edged lower on Wednesday, though moves were small as investors awaited details of the Bank of Japan's regular bond-purchasing operations for June. German retail sales unexpectedly drop in April BERLIN, May 31 German retail sales unexpectedly fell in April, data showed on Wednesday, dampening hopes that private consumption will propel growth in Europe's largest economy this year. UPDATE 1-Novartis warns of U.S. price pressure on Sandoz generics ZURICH, May 31 Novartis warned on Wednesday that price pressure on its generics drugs in the United States has intensified in the second quarter, cutting into its Sandoz division's sales growth in the world's largest healthcare market. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Triumph Agreement with Boeing Extends Support for V-22 BERWYN, Pa.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Triumph Group, Inc. (NYSE:TGI) announced they have been selected by Boeing to support the V-22 Osprey Multiyear 3 contract, once approved. The contract is expected to be negotiated before the end of 2017 between Bell Boeing and the U.S. Navy. The agreement extends the statement of work Triumph currently has on the V-22 Multiyear 2 contract, and also reinstates work that was previously awarded to Triumph in the first multiyear order, but was not renewed for the second. Triumph’s Aerospace Structures site in Red Oak, Texas, and its Precision Components site in Milledgeville, Georgia, will extend deliveries of empennage, elevator, ramp extensions, ramp mounted weapons system floor boards, main landing gear doors and sponsons for the V-22 through 2024 in support of the third multiyear order. Triumph will also manufacture cargo ramps and doors included in the renewed statement of work. “We are pleased to extend our partnership with Boeing as they negotiate another multiyear contract for the V-22 program,” said Dan Crowley, Triumph’s president and CEO. “We continue to win work on important military programs, and we are winning back work thanks to the investments made to improve efficiency, quality and schedule in our manufacturing process. Customers are taking notice, and we are strengthening our relationships with OEM partners like Boeing.” Triumph deliveries in support of the Multiyear 3 contract will begin in 2019 and extend through 2024. Triumph Group, Inc., headquartered in Berwyn, Pennsylvania, designs, engineers, manufactures, repairs and overhauls a broad portfolio of aircraft structures, components, accessories, subassemblies and systems. The company serves a broad, worldwide spectrum of the aviation industry, including original equipment manufacturers of commercial, regional, business and military aircraft and aircraft components, as well as commercial and regional airlines and air cargo carriers. More information about Triumph can be found on the company’s website at http://www.triumphgroup.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Jamba Juice Opens First Location in Thailand, Marking the Company’s 70th International Location Next PostNext Riassunto: 4finance riferisce i risultati del trimestre concluso il 31 marzo 2017 Search Recent Posts Zetta Data Protection Receives PC Magazine Editor’s Choice Award ALM Equity AB: Kommuniké från årsstämma i ALM Equity AB (publ) DryShips Inc. Receives Firm Commitment of $150 Million Senior Secured Credit Facility From ABN AMRO Bank N.V. („ABN AMRO”) and Export-Import Bank of Korea („KEXIM”) Global Isocyanate Market size and Key Trends in terms of volume and value 2017-2027 Lithium Enters into Definitive Agreement to be Acquired by Vista Equity Partners Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Triumph Agreement with Boeing Extends Support for V-22 May 30, 2017 02:58 PM Eastern Daylight Time BERWYN, Pa.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Triumph Group, Inc. (NYSE:TGI) announced they have been selected by Boeing to support the V-22 Osprey Multiyear 3 contract, once approved. The contract is expected to be negotiated before the end of 2017 between Bell Boeing and the U.S. Navy. The agreement extends the statement of work Triumph currently has on the V-22 Multiyear 2 contract, and also reinstates work that was previously awarded to Triumph in the first multiyear order, but was not renewed for the second. Triumph’s Aerospace Structures site in Red Oak, Texas, and its Precision Components site in Milledgeville, Georgia, will extend deliveries of empennage, elevator, ramp extensions, ramp mounted weapons system floor boards, main landing gear doors and sponsons for the V-22 through 2024 in support of the third multiyear order. Triumph will also manufacture cargo ramps and doors included in the renewed statement of work. “We are pleased to extend our partnership with Boeing as they negotiate another multiyear contract for the V-22 program,” said Dan Crowley, Triumph’s president and CEO. “We continue to win work on important military programs, and we are winning back work thanks to the investments made to improve efficiency, quality and schedule in our manufacturing process. Customers are taking notice, and we are strengthening our relationships with OEM partners like Boeing.” Triumph deliveries in support of the Multiyear 3 contract will begin in 2019 and extend through 2024. Triumph Group, Inc., headquartered in Berwyn, Pennsylvania, designs, engineers, manufactures, repairs and overhauls a broad portfolio of aircraft structures, components, accessories, subassemblies and systems. The company serves a broad, worldwide spectrum of the aviation industry, including original equipment manufacturers of commercial, regional, business and military aircraft and aircraft components, as well as commercial and regional airlines and air cargo carriers. More information about Triumph can be found on the company’s website at http://www.triumphgroup.com. Contacts Triumph Group, Inc. Michele Long Director – Communications 610-251-1000 mmlong@triumphgroup.com or Sheila G. Spagnolo Vice President – Tax & Investor Relations 610-251-1000 sspagnolo@triumphgroup.com Contacts Triumph Group, Inc. Michele Long Director – Communications 610-251-1000 mmlong@triumphgroup.com or Sheila G. Spagnolo Vice President – Tax & Investor Relations 610-251-1000 sspagnolo@triumphgroup.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Pink Caravan Ride 2017 + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 10 2017 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2017 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 Smart CEO 2017 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music Naam Shabana + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Hard Drive On The Road Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Food and Dining Kitchen Classic Restaurant Review People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) Business Elite 2020 (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Pink Caravan Ride 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Pakistan Resolution Day Bangladesh Special Report Cook Book Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Aviation Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports | ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > Business > Aviation Etihad expands Boeing 787 network in Europe Staff Report/Abu Dhabi Filed on May 30, 2017 | Last updated on May 30, 2017 at 08.02 pm Share More > Vote Etihad's Dreamliners will service Amsterdam from September 1 and Madrid from October 1. (Supplied photo) Etihad Airways on Tuesday announced plans to boost its European Dreamliner network with the deployment of Boeing 787-9 aircraft to Amsterdam and Madrid. The 299-seat Dreamliners will be introduced on year-round scheduled services to Amsterdam from September 1, and to Madrid, effective October 1, joining Düsseldorf and Zurich as the airline's other European Dreamliner services. The 787-9 will also operate seasonally to Athens during the summer months. With a phased delivery of nine Boeing 787-9s this year, the aircraft are gradually being introduced on a number of international routes from the airline's Abu Dhabi hub. Etihad Airways currently operates a fleet of 13 Boeing 787-9s to 11 destinations - namely Washington, Düsseldorf, Zurich, Johannesburg, Amman, Riyadh, Singapore, Shanghai, Tokyo, Perth and Brisbane from Abu Dhabi. Beirut, Beijing, Seoul and Melbourne are due to join the 787 network over the next few months. The Amsterdam route will have a taste of the 787 between 2 and 30 June to help meet demand during the early summer peak period. The current four weekly Madrid services will also be boosted with additional flights, moving to a daily operation from June 1. Peter Baumgartner, chief executive officer of Etihad Airways, said: "Flights to and from Amsterdam and Madrid cater to business and leisure travellers, and with growing demand, there was a strong case to introduce bigger aircraft to these destinations." The 787 is fast becoming our flagship long-haul aircraft and as more are delivered, we will continue to look at upgrading existing routes with these excellent planes." Etihad Airways' two-class Boeing 787-9s include award-winning interiors that feature 28 Business Studios and 271 Economy Smart Seats, offering superior levels of comfort, entertainment and in-flight connectivity. On-board décor and lighting have been inspired by contemporary Arabian design, complementing the signature 'Facets of Abu Dhabi' identity introduced by the airline during its livery relaunch in 2014. Etihad Airways has pending deliveries of a further 58 Dreamliners over the next few years. - business@khaleejtimes.com Share More > Vote MORE FROM Business Aviation Etihad expands Boeing 787 network in Europe Etihad Airways on Tuesday announced plans to boost its European... READ MORE Real Estate ENBD Reit invests Dh120m in student accommodation ENBD Reit, the Nasdaq Dubai-listed Shariah-compliant real estate... READ MORE Real Estate Buy now, pay later deals spur Dubai property... Payment plans have evolved from being front-loaded to back-ended to... READ MORE Real Estate Buy Damac serviced villa now, pay 60% on handover Damac Properties has launched Casablanca Villas, a collection of... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Sharjah 30 intelligent radars installed in this UAE... The radars can track violations such as heavy loading of vehicles,... READ MORE Rest of Asia Five dead as cyclone batters Bangladesh Some of the worst damage was at camps housing the 300,000 Rohingya... READ MORE Local Business Top global firm to help women return to work in... Programme is designed to enable highly-experienced women at mid-... READ MORE Music Ariana Grande to headline star-studded Manchester ... Justin Bieber, Coldplay and Katy Perry among others will join the... READ MORE CurrentRequestUnmodified: /apps/pbcs.dll/section?category=listing&profile=1114 macro_action: listing, macro_profile: , macro_adspot:   Popular Voted Abu Dhabi Panic as owner of UAE-based money exchange absconds 112408 views | 29 May 2017 Education Meet the UAE CBSE topper who just broke an IHS record 59553 views | 28 May 2017 International Video: Newborn baby walks immediately after birth, becomes internet sensation 57842 views | 29 May 2017 Africa 23-year-old man gang raped for days by three women 44927 views | 30 May 2017 India Man kills woman in public view, shoots video 34326 views | 29 May 2017 Dubai Dubai Municipality scotches plastic rice rumours 25857 views | 30 May 2017 Bollywood 'Pakeezah' actress abandoned in hospital 24598 views | 29 May 2017 Nation Can I eat at a Dubai cinema hall during Ramadan? 23025 views | 29 May 2017 Economy UAE slashes petrol prices for June 17389 views | 28 May 2017 Nation Here's how VAT will affect your household financially 14274 views | 28 May 2017 Bollywood Video: Kareena Kapoor's post-pregnancy workout 13796 views | 29 May 2017 Business Jobseekers optimistic about opportunities during Ramadan 10477 views | 28 May 2017 Rest of Asia Video: Man drives over security guard for parking slot 8296 views | 30 May 2017 Bollywood Anushka Sharma wasn't Virat Kohli's first choice 7880 views | 30 May 2017 Offbeat Can you solve this riddle that is melting the internet? 7848 views | 29 May 2017 Nation Mega sale of up to 80% discount coming up in UAE 724 votes | 23 May 2017 Ramadan News Ramadan 2017 to begin on Saturday, May 27 529 votes | 25 May 2017 Dubai 7 killed, 35 hurt in horrific Dubai bus-truck collision 177 votes | 23 May 2017 Abu Dhabi Panic as owner of UAE-based money exchange absconds 128 votes | 29 May 2017 Crime Dubai man accused of raping girlfriend, kicking her naked out of house 118 votes | 25 May 2017 Pakistan Indian girl, forced to marry Pakistani, to return home 79 votes | 24 May 2017 Education Meet the UAE CBSE topper who just broke an IHS record 75 votes | 28 May 2017 Region Filipino airline suspends flights in the Gulf region 73 votes | 24 May 2017 India Man kills woman in public view, shoots video 73 votes | 29 May 2017 Ramadan News Ramadan 2017 working hours for UAE private sector announced 59 votes | 24 May 2017 Abu Dhabi From a company driver to CEO of own firm 56 votes | 25 May 2017 Bollywood 'Sachin - A Billion Dreams' movie review: A fan's delight 56 votes | 25 May 2017 Dubai Dubai announces parking, Metro timings for Ramadan 55 votes | 24 May 2017 General 100% tax to be imposed on cigarettes, energy drinks in UAE 55 votes | 23 May 2017 Sharjah 30 intelligent radars installed in Sharjah 52 votes | 30 May 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 26 mins S&P 500 2,412.91 -2.91 (-0.12%) Dow 30 21,029.47 -50.81 (-0.24%) Nasdaq 6,203.19 -7.00 (-0.11%) Here's why Boeing 747s have a giant hump in the front Rob Ludacer and Jessica Orwig Business Insider May 30, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Why do Boeing 747s have that hump in the front? Turns out, it's been around since the '60s. Back then, everyone was excited for supersonic commercial flight.  Sadly, that never panned out. However, that excitement got Boeing to thinking: its 747 might not be ideal for commercial flight if supersonic planes ruled the skies. So, instead of designing the 747 solely for passengers, Boeing also designed the plane for cargo. But it needed an easy way to load large cargo into the plane.  That's where that iconic hump comes in. Engineers decided to turn the front of the plane into a giant door. The nose would open up, making it easy to load tall cargo. But there was just one problem: the cockpit was located over the nose.  So, it was moved to the second deck, creating that giant hump you still see today. Follow Tech Insider: On Facebook More From Business Insider Animated timeline shows how Silicon Valley became a $2.8 trillion neighborhood Here's what the two tiny dots at the top of your iPhone are for Here's everything Apple is rumored to be launching in 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next U.S. proposes fining United $435,000 over 2014 flights Reuters Bombardier delivers first CS300 passenger jet to Swiss International Reuters Men probing Ivanka Trump brand in China arrested, missing Associated Press An Amazon engineer is letting thousands of Twitch users play the stock market with $50,000 of his own money Business Insider Study shows how GOP plan would lower premiums: ditching costly, sick people Yahoo Finance What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, May 31 Yahoo Finance Video Housing, Beige Book — What you need to know in markets on Wednesday Yahoo Finance 'The Russians are laughing' as tensions rise between the US and Germany CNBC Spicer: Trump's relationship with Angela Merkel is 'fairly unbelievable' Business Insider Cramer: Why Amazon crossing $1000 is a potential red flag CNBC Sponsor pressure on after Tiger Woods DUI arrest Yahoo Finance Video Fix My Finances: Is an IBR plan the best way to pay off your student loans? Yahoo Finance The Chipotle turnaround may officially be over Yahoo Finance Trump fires back at Merkel, says Germany is 'very bad' for the US CNBC Trump's attacks on Germany show he misunderstands a basic fact about Europe Business Insider Samsung’s new Galaxy is a hardware beast Yahoo Finance Video Kathy Griffin apologizes for beheaded Trump photo: 'I crossed the line' Bob: Everyday, Liberal's prove they are hands down the most hateful people in our country. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.8k
PurchasingB2B Subscribe News Features Opinions Events More Digital Edition Digital Archives Salary Calculator Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise Ottawa to review Boeing military bids Government to sole-source 18 Super Hornets as stop-gap before running a competition to replace CF-18s May 30, 2017 Categories PurchasingB2B Topics Business Operations Procurement Public Procurement Supply Chain Tags CF-18 fighter jets government procurement May 30, 2017 The Canadian Press The federal government hinted that Boeing should not take future military contracts with Canada for granted, a veiled threat that coincided with a spat between the aerospace giant and rival Bombardier. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland’s comment that it’s “reviewing current military procurement that relates to Boeing” appeared to be a not-so-subtle hint that the government would revisit its purchase of Super Hornets. The government has said it plans to sole-source 18 Super Hornets as a stop-gap measure before running a full competition to replace its aging CF-18 fleet. The Liberals say the Super Hornets, which internal estimates suggest could cost as much as $2 billion, are urgently needed. Military officials and defence industry representatives contacted by The Canadian Press on Thursday were united in assuming that Freeland’s warning related to the planned Super Hornet purchase. Freeland’s comments came as the next potential Canada-U.S. trade dispute unfolded Thursday with the aerospace giants clashing at a Washington hearing. “The U.S. market is the most open in the world, but we must take action if our rules are being broken,” U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said in a statement after the hearing began into Boeing’s claim that Bombardier received subsidies allowing it to sell its CSeries planes at below-market prices. Aerospace analyst Richard Aboulafia of the Teal Group said the Canadian government’s move was inevitable, putting into question Boeing’s strategy in taking on Bombardier. “If Boeing is smart it’ll press the do-over button and walk away,” he said in an interview, adding the aeronautics powerhouse has much more to risk from losing military contracts than the tiny gain from a successful trade complaint. “Boeing values Canada as a customer and supplier-partner for both our commercial and defence businesses,” said company spokesman Dan Curran. “Two of Canada’s most recent acquisitions of Boeing military products, the C-17 Globemaster and CH-47 Chinook, were delivered on-time and/or ahead of schedule.” In an emailed statement Boeing also pointed out that it places substantial amounts of commercial and defence work in Canada and has a supply chain that “leverages the breadth and depth of the Canadian aerospace industry.” Lobbyists, lawyers and aerospace executives crowded a room in Washington for a little battle playing out in the broader context of the day’s larger trade news: the U.S. announcement that NAFTA renegotiations will start in the next 90 days. Bombardier has made it clear that its true goal is to grab half the international market share for 100-to-150-seat aircraft, according to Boeing, which argues its rival has received an unfair head start from Canadian taxpayers. Boeing vice-president Raymond Conner said the sale of cheap, subsidized planes to Delta Air Lines helped build momentum for Bombardier to enter a new market. If Bombardier reaches its stated goal, he said, it would squeeze Boeing from that market and cost the company US$330 million a year in annual sales. “Today we are at a critical moment,” Conner told the seven-member U.S. International Trade Commission. “If you don’t fix it now, it will be too late to do anything about it later.” Boeing has petitioned the U.S. Commerce Department and the U.S. International Trade Commission to investigate subsidies of Bombardier’s CSeries aircraft that it says have allowed the company to export planes at well below cost. A preliminary determination on the petition is expected by June 12. If the ITC determines there is a threat of injury to the U.S. industry, preliminary countervailing duties could be announced in July, followed in October by preliminary anti-dumping duties, unless the deadlines are extended. Final determinations are scheduled for October and December. Boeing is calling for countervailing duties of 79.41 per cent and anti-dumping charges of 79.82 per cent. It complains that Bombardier has received more than US$3 billion in government subsidies so far that have allowed it to engage in “predatory pricing.” Lawyers for the U.S. aerospace giant argued Thursday that Bombardier’s own words prove it was rescued financially by multibillion-dollar assistance from the Quebec government, which last year invested US$1 billion in exchange for a 49.5 per cent stake in the CSeries. The company also shored up its finances by selling a 30 per cent stake in its railway division to pension fund manager Caisse de depot for US$1.5 billion. Bombardier representatives countered that their planes never competed with Boeing in a sale to Delta—which the American rival describes as a seminal moment. Bombardier lawyer Peter Lichtenbaum said the plaintiff is a global powerhouse that hasn’t lost any sales as a result of Bombardier, has an enviable order backlog and doesn’t even compete with Bombardier in the sales campaigns it has complained about because the CSeries is smaller than Boeing’s 737-800 and Max 8 planes. “Boeing’s petition in this case is unprecedented in its overreach,” he said. “If this is a case of David vs. Goliath, Boeing has cast itself in the wrong role.” Boeing’s annual sales were US$94.6 billion last year. That means the US$330 million Conner expressed concern about amounts to one-third of one per cent of its annual sales. Bombardier revenues last year were US$16.3 billion, including US$9.9 billion from aerospace activities. News from © Canadian Press Enterprises Inc. 2016 Share This Post Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Print this page Related Posts Trudeau swats away Super Hornet questions amid Boeing Bombardier dispute United selects Boeing over Bombardier CSeries Heroux Devtek deepens Boeing ties with contract for 787 components Airbus, Boeing announce $3B airplane deals at Singapore show Can the TPP still offer a quick fix for NAFTA? Services Advertise Contact Us Subscribe Print Subscribe E-News View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Manufacturing Network Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Defense Robotics – Advanced Technologies LONDON, May 30, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — This report analyzes the worldwide markets for Defense Robotics in US$ Million by the following Robotics Platform Types: Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV), Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMV), and Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGV). Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4910459/ The report provides separate comprehensive analytics for the US, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East, and Rest of World. Annual estimates and forecasts are provided for the period 2015 through 2022. Also, a six-year historic analysis is provided for these markets. Market data and analytics are derived from primary and secondary research. Company profiles are primarily based on public domain information including company URLs. The report profiles 43 companies including many key and niche players such as – AeroVironment, Inc. – BAE Systems plc – Boeing Company – Boston Dynamics Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4910459/ I. INTRODUCTION, METHODOLOGY & PRODUCT DEFINITIONS Study Reliability and Reporting Limitations Disclaimers Data Interpretation & Reporting Level Quantitative Techniques & Analytics Product Definitions and Scope of Study Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAV) Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMV) Unmanned Surface Vessels (USV) Unmanned Underwater Vehicles (UUVs) Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGV) II. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 1. INDUSTRY OVERVIEW Robots: An Introductory Prelude Table 1: Global Robots Market by End-Use Sector (2016): Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Sales for Commercial, Consumer, Defense, Industrial, Medical/Healthcare and Security (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Defense Robotics: The Unmanned Systems for Military Applications Northbound Trajectory in Global Military Spending Bodes Well for Defense Robotics Table 2: Global Defense Spending by Region (2016): Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Investments for Americas, Asia-Pacific, Europe, and Middle East & Africa (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Table 3: Leading Military Spending Countries in the World (2016): Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Investments on Defense Forces for China, France, Germany, India, Japan, Russia, Saudi Arabia, South Korea, UK, US, and Others (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Increased Complexity in Global Security Landscape Creates Conducive Environment Key Global Tensions of 2016: A Review Myriad Benefits Offered Enhance Market Prospects Reduced Number of Casualties High Precision & High Efficiency Fatigueless Functioning Support for Any Terrain Type Cost Benefits Positive Economic Scenario to Extend Growth Opportunities Global Market Outlook The US: Key Revenue Contributor Developing Regions Emerge as Hot Spots for Future Growth Competitive Scenario 2. MARKET TRENDS & GROWTH DRIVERS Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) Drive Momentum in Defense Robotics Market Select Widely Deployed Military UAVs: A Snapshot Table 4: Global Aerial Drone Market by Application (2016): Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Spending for Civilian and Defense Sector (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Small UAVs Gain Traction in Short-Range ISR Operations MALE & HALE UAVs Suffice Military Needs in Long-Range Tactical Missions Unmanned Combat Aerial Vehicles (UCAV): An Emerging Segment Solar Powered UAV Elicit Increasing Interest Worldwide Futuristic UAV Designs Seek to Proliferate the Market Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGVs) Enable Seamless Efficiency in Ground Operations Robotic Arms Enhance the Functionality of UGVs New Line of Ground Robots to Widen Market Prospects of UGVs Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMVs) Gain Critical Interest in Maritime Operations USVs Seek Bigger Role in Maritime Operations Resolving Technical Limitations: Critical for Future Success UUVs Make Steady Progress Table 5: Global AUVs Market by Application (2016): Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Spending for Commercial, Military and Research (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Table 6: Global ROVs Market by Application (2016): Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Spending for Military, Oil & Gas and Other Offshore Applications, and Research (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) New R&D Programs Elevate Future Prospects of UUVs AUV Drive Growth in UUV Segment Guidance Technologies: The Backbone for Defense Robotics GPS Renders Unmatched Proficiency in Route Navigation Collaboration with Manned Systems: The New Focus Areas 3. PRODUCT/TECHNOLOGY OVERVIEW Robots Technological Evolution Path of Service Robots General Classification of Robots Industrial Robots Service Robots Defense/Military Robots Classification of Defense Robots Unmanned Aerial Systems (UAS) Unmanned Marine Vehicles (UMV) Unmanned Surface Vessels (USV) Unmanned Underwater Vehicles (UUVs) Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGV) Electronic Components for Defense Robots Components of Defense Robot System Major Applications of Military Robots Reconnaissance & Surveillance Target Identification & Designation Counter-Mine Warfare 4. PRODUCT INNOVATIONS/INTRODUCTIONS AeroVironment Rolls Out Snipe Boeing Unveils Echo Voyager UUV BAE Systems Develops Jetstream 3 Unmanned Aircraft UIMC Unveils Razvedchik and Korsar Unmanned Aerial Systems 5. RECENT INDUSTRY ACTIVITY Boeing to Acquire Liquid Robotics Arlington Capital Establishes Endeavor Robotics Arlington Capital to Acquire iRobot’s Defense & Security Business Delair-Tech Teams Up with ECA Group AeroVironment Bags Small UAS Contract in the Netherlands AeroVironment to Expand Operations in Australia AeroVironment to Deliver RQ-20A Puma™ AE Small UAS to the US Marine Corps 6. FOCUS ON SELECT GLOBAL PLAYERS AeroVironment, Inc. (USA) BAE Systems plc (UK) Boeing Company (USA) Boston Dynamics (USA) Clearpath Robotics Inc. (Canada) Elbit Systems Ltd. (Israel) Endeavor Robotics (USA) General Atomics (USA) General Dynamics Corporation (USA) Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) (Israel) Lockheed Martin Corporation (USA) Northrop Grumman Corporation (USA) Oceaneering International, Inc. (USA) QinetiQ Group plc (UK) Saab AB (Sweden) Textron Inc. (USA) Thales Group (France) 7. GLOBAL MARKET PERSPECTIVE Table 7: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Defense Robotics by Geographic Region – US, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East, and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 Through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Table 8: World Historic Review for Defense Robotics by Geographic Region – US, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East, and Rest of World Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 Through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Table 9: World 14-Year Perspective for Defense Robotics by Geographic Region – Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for US, Europe, Asia-Pacific, Middle East, and Rest of World Markets for Years 2009, 2017 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Table 10: World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Defense Robotics by Platform – UAV, UMV, and UGV Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 Through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Table 11: World Historic Review for Defense Robotics by Platform – UAV, UMV, and UGV Markets Independently Analyzed with Annual Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 Through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Table 12: World 14-Year Perspective for Defense Robotics by Platform – Percentage Breakdown of Revenues for UAV, UMV, and UGV Markets for Years 2009, 2017 & 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) III. MARKET 1. THE UNITED STATES A.Market Analysis The United States: Primary Market for Defense Robotics UAVs Seek Mainstream Role in the US Army Table 13: US UAV Market by Type (2016): Percentage Breakdown of Expenditure for Combat UAV, ISR UAV, Logistics UAV, Multirole UAV and Training UAV (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Maritime Operations Efficiency Enhanced by UUVs Global Leadership in Arms Exports Enhances Market Prospects US DoD’s Sustained Emphasis on Unmanned Systems Augurs Well US Military’s Fiscal Year 2017 Proposed Spending on Unmanned Systems: A Review Table 14: US DoD Funding for Defense Robotics (2016): Percentage Breakdown of Dollar Investments for UAVs, UGVs, and UMVs (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Table 15: Key UAS Technologies in the US DoD Drone Spending for 2017 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) DARPA Funding Program Missile Defense Agency Funding Program Product Launches Strategic Corporate Developments Select Key Players B.Market Analytics Table 16: US Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Defense Robotics Market Analyzed with Annual Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 Through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Table 17: US Historic Review for Defense Robotics Market Analyzed with Annual Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 Through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) 2. EUROPE A.Market Analysis Market Overview Expected Increase in Military Spending in Overseas Missions Bodes Well The 2014 Wales Summit to Improve Military Spending Leading Players in the European Defense Robotics Market An Overview of Select Regional Markets Russia: A Prominent Market for Defense Robotics Italy’s Military Modernization Program Bodes Well for Defense Robotics UK Extends Opportunities on Platter French Defense Sector: An Overview Product Launches Strategic Corporate Developments Select Key Players B.Market Analytics Table 18: European Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Defense Robotics Market Analyzed with Annual Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 Through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Table 19: European Historic Review for Defense Robotics Market Analyzed with Annual Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 Through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) 3. ASIA-PACIFIC A.Market Analysis Asia-Pacific Emerges as a Key Market for Defense Robotics China: A High Potential Market for Defense Robotics New R&D Projects to Drive Future Growth Unmanned Combat Aerial Vehicles (UCAVs) Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGVs) Unmanned Underwater Vehicles (UUVs) Unmanned Surface Vehicles (USVs) Chinese Defense Industry: An Overview Ambiguity Surrounds China’s Technological Innovation Capability Despite Substantial Growth; Inadequacies Remain India Seeks to Deploys Robotics in Maritime Operations Indian Defense Sector in Recent Past South Korean Defense Sector: An Overview Corporate Development B.Market Analytics Table 20: Asia-Pacific Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Defense Robotics Market Analyzed with Annual Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 Through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Table 21: Asia-Pacific Historic Review for Defense Robotics Market Analyzed with Annual Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 Through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) 4. THE MIDDLE EAST A.Market Analysis Growing Military Budgets Favors Defense Robotics Market Unmanned Systems Enjoy Pivotal Role in Israeli Defense Force Focus Areas in Israeli Defense R&D Saudi Arabia: Growing Defense Spending Augurs Well Select Key Players B.Market Analytics Table 22: Middle East Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Defense Robotics Market Analyzed with Annual Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 Through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Table 23: Middle East Historic Review for Defense Robotics Market Analyzed with Annual Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 Through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) 5. REST OF WORLD A.Market Analysis Key Player B.Market Analytics Table 24: Rest of World Recent Past, Current & Future Analysis for Defense Robotics Market Analyzed with Annual Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2015 Through 2022 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) Table 25: Rest of World Historic Review for Defense Robotics Market Analyzed with Annual Revenues in US$ Million for Years 2009 Through 2014 (includes corresponding Graph/Chart) IV. COMPETITIVE LANDSCAPE Total Companies Profiled: 43 (including Divisions/Subsidiaries – 53) The United States (26) Canada (2) Europe (18) – France (5) – Germany (3) – The United Kingdom (4) – Italy (1) – Rest of Europe (5) Asia-Pacific (Excluding Japan) (4) Middle East (3) Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4910459/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-defense-robotics—advanced-technologies-300465399.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Vouchers that Make Having a Baby Safe and Cheap for Some Ugandan Women Next PostNext Global Ice Cream Market 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Analogix lance ANX7447, la gamme de contrôleurs de port monopuce USB-C avec alimentation Version 3.0 Global Fracking Chemicals and Fluid Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Vilkyškių pieninė AB, not audited financial results for the first three months of 2017 Need for Cost Reduction and Faster Time to Pure Play Software Testing Services Market 2017-2021 AB Vilkyškių pieninė 2017 metų trijų mėnesių neaudituoti finansiniai rezultatai Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
My News Personalise your news feed by choosing your favourite topics of interest Get Started No Thanks Create your own newsfeed Choose 3 or more topics that you want to see. Irish News Politics International Opinion Living Family Technology Business GAA Soccer Rugby MMA Watercooler Going Out Screens Quizzes Change Generation Create my newsfeed   TheJournal.ie uses cookies. By continuing to browse this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies. Click here to find out more » Business ETC The42 The Daily Edge Search site Search Dublin: 11 °C Wednesday 31 May, 2017 Advertisement Homepage Irish Politics International Voices Family Culture Tech Business My Feed RSS Tags fora Germany Italy Michael O'Leary Neil Sorahan Ryanair shiny new planes Transport See other tags Tags German and Italian airlines' losses will be Ryanair's gain as it orders more planes A restructuring programme at Air Berlin presents a ‘massive opportunity’ for the Irish carrier. By Fora Staff Tuesday 30 May 2017, 3:30 PM 16 hours ago 20,226 Views 20 Comments http://jrnl.ie/3416840 Share4 Tweet Email3 Image: Sam Boal/Rollingnews.ie Image: Sam Boal/Rollingnews.ie RYANAIR SEES “MASSIVE” growth opportunities in continental Europe as loss-making legacy airlines in Germany and Italy rejig their troubled business models. Speaking at the announcement of Ryanair’s annual financial results today, chief executive Michael O’Leary said that monetary woes at Air Berlin and Alitalia have opened a further gap in markets that the Irish carrier already in some cases dominates. “At the moment we have more growth opportunities than our planned fleet deliveries for the next couple of years can cope with,” O’Leary said. As a result, Ryanair’s finance boss, Neil Sorahan, has been tasked with extending leases on 10 aircraft through to 2019. “We’re also having discussions with (plane manufacturer) Boeing about adding one or two aircraft deliveries in 2018 and 2019 where Boeing can facilitate those additional orders,” O’Leary said. Source: Ryanair Click here to view a larger version. Ryanair has been taking delivery of 175 Boeing 737-800 aircraft since 2015. That order is due to be completed by the end of next year. From 2019, it will start receiving the first of its 200 Boeing 737 Max planes. Those jets are frequently referred to as “game-changers” because they will give the airline eight extra seats – 197 in total – and use 15% less fuel on a per-seat basis. Ryanair said the extra capacity gives its scope to serve 200 million passengers per year by the end of March 2024. Sorahan was enthused about growth opportunities in Germany, where Ryanair operates 10 bases. German legacy carrier Air Berlin has been undergoing a major shake-up in recent months, seeing its fleet halved to 75 aircraft and downsizing its flight network from 387 to less than 100 routes. “We see more (German) corporates and private customers alike coming to Ryanair and more airports looking for our business,” Sorahan said. Mock-up of a Ryanair 737 Max 200 Source: Boeing On Alitalia – which earlier this month filed to be put under special administration – O’Leary said he believes that it will be restructured as well. He said said Ryanair is not prepared to invest in or acquire Alitalia, but will “help it survive” by offering to feed passengers into the Italian airline’s long-haul routes. Labour relations A thorn in O’Leary’s side will surely be the slip in Ryanair’s prized punctuality record, which dropped 2% in 12 months to the end of March 2017. That meant that 88% of all Ryanair were on time last year. The airline blamed this slight drop on “unusually disruptive weather” in November and December as well as air traffic controller strikes in France. On the subject of labour relations, O’Leary was dismissive of recent turbulence in Scandinavia. In his usual colourful language, the chief executive recently branded Nordic pension providers as “idiots” for refusing to invest in the airline over objections to its work practices. As many as seven retirement schemes in Denmark and Sweden sold their shares or blacklisted Ryanair after it clashed with trade unions in Copenhagen. “There has been some misinformed commentary up in Scandinavia recently about our labour relations which remain excellent,” O’Leary said today. “In 30 years we’ve never had a strike.” O’Leary has for years taken a no-nonsense approach to unions. He told Fora last week that any workers looking to unionise “will find their base either frozen or closed”. Ryanair hired 1,000 new staff last year bringing the total workforce to 13,000. O’Leary expects to recruit another 1,000 people this year. Brexit has been high on Ryanair’s agenda since the UK voted to leave the European Union last June. O’Leary told investors today that it remains “a big dark cloud hanging over us the next 18 months”. He repeated warnings that there may be “a period of days week or months” after March 2019 where there may be no flights between the UK and European Union in the absence of a bilateral agreement between the two regions. He said if that was the case, Ryanair would relocate UK-based aircraft to European bases. Ryanair posted a profit of just over €1.3 billion in the financial year ended 31 March 2017, up from €1.2 billion for the previous 12-month period. It said that it expects traffic to grow by 8% to 130 million by the end of March 2018. Sign up to our newsletter to receive a regular digest of Fora’s top articles delivered to your inbox. Written by Conor McMahon and posted on Fora.ie Take me to Fora Read: Fancy an adventure? Outdoor clothing chain Regatta is opening stores across Ireland Read: Eason has sold out of the newspaper and magazine distribution trade Get the top business news from Fora delivered to your inbox: Get breaking news from TheJournal.ie via Facebook. Just click Like. Short URL Tweet this Share on Facebook Email this article   About the author: About the author Fora Staff See more articles by Fora Staff Contribute to this story: Leave a Comment Send a Photo / Video Send a Tip Send a Correction Read next: Embed this post To embed this post, copy the code below on your site 600px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/ryanair-aircraft-order-2-3416840-May2017/?embedpost=3416840&width=600&height=460" ></iframe> 400px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/ryanair-aircraft-order-2-3416840-May2017/?embedpost=3416840&width=400&height=460" ></iframe> 300px wide <iframe width="600" height="460" frameborder="0" style="border:0px;" src="http://www.thejournal.ie/http://www.thejournal.ie/ryanair-aircraft-order-2-3416840-May2017/?embedpost=3416840&width=300&height=460" ></iframe> Email “German and Italian airlines' losses will be Ryanair's gain as it orders more planes”. Your Email Recipient's Email Submit Feedback on “German and Italian airlines' losses will be Ryanair's gain as it orders more planes”. Your Feedback Your Email (optional) Submit Report a Comment Please select the reason for reporting this comment. Please select your reason for reporting... You don't like this comment, or you disagree with this commenter It contains offensive language, is hateful or incites violence It contains a libelous/defamatory statement Some other reason... Please give full details of the problem with the comment... Your Email Submit COMMENTS (20) This is YOUR comments community. Stay civil, stay constructive, stay on topic. Please familiarise yourself with our comments policy here before taking part. write a comment Leave a commentcancel Log in with: Facebook Twitter Log out Logged in with Share Comment on Facebook or Twitter Notify me of followup comments via e-mail Post Comment Read Next: Download our app Trending Opinions Column: '8 per cent of young people aged 10 to 17 smoke cigarettes' Donal Buggy We need smoking prevention efforts to ensure smoking rates continue to drop among all young people, writes Donal Buggy. 'With the average house costing €338K, the market is looking sillier with each passing minute' Gavin Mendel-Gleason It’s all going to lead to a bad end when the bubble eventually burst, writes Gavin Mendel-Gleason. Opinion: 'We still don't have crucial parental rights for same-sex married couples' Dr Brian Tobin The State has a duty to protect all married couples, including same-sex couples, writes Dr Brian Tobin. Most Popular Today 1 Crow which attacked 'up to 20 people' in Cork may have just been hungry 62,649  67 2 Mother who raised nearly €100k to fund her cancer treatment has died 56,154  36 3 UK zoo blames 'freak accident' after zookeeper is killed by tiger 39,060  9 1 Eason has sold out of the newspaper and magazine distribution trade 3,026  0 2 German and Italian airlines' losses will be Ryanair's gain as it orders more planes 1,116  0 3 There has been a 'staggering' rise in full-time jobs in Ireland over the past year 391  0 1 French player banned from Roland Garros for kissing female reporter during interview 42,992  45 2 All-Star defender Cathal Barrett dropped from Tipperary panel 23,500  29 3 Tiger Woods sorry after arrest, says alcohol not involved 22,176  0 1 Michael Fassbender and Bono turned up to Noel Gallagher's birthday party and it looked like serious craic 11,020  2 2 A Co Down primary school has been accused of miming after a 'technical glitch' on Britain's Got Talent 7,819  0 3 18 of the very best responses to last night's UK Prime Minister debate on Channel 4 6,368  0 Trending Tags PLANNING Diageo gets the go-ahead to build €25 million whiskey distillery in Dublin city A €3.8 million co-operative housing scheme built on former ghost estate opens in Galway today Simon Coveney thinks Ireland should go high-rise 'in the right places' PLOUGHING This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday This little Tipp lad's hurling rap was the highlight of the Ploughing yesterday How Marty Morrissey and his cardboard cut-out own the Ploughing COURTS Father sues Minister of Social Protection over care allowance being refused for his son Jury fails to reach verdict in Rolf Harris indecent assault trial Westmeath man who kidnapped his ex-partner handed 7-year jail term HSE 'It makes no sense': The HSE does not record the number of suicides at hospitals 'A watershed moment': TDs have come up with a plan to radically change the healthcare system People warned to cook meat fully after 50 fall ill in north Dublin salmonella outbreak GARDAí Three arrested over attack on elderly couple in their home in Tipperary Tusla is "very concerned" after child sexual abuse issue raised on RTE Investigates Beaten, neglected, left home alone - The report 'every parent in the country needs to read' DUBLIN Looking for a new job? Grant Thornton is creating 250 new roles in Dublin 'Six years on, we still have no school. I'm worried my daughter will never learn in a school building' 'If you introduce speed limits in a clumsy manner, nobody will pay attention' ∞ About Us About Us We're Hiring! Contact Us Advertise With Us Tech Blog Follow Us Twitter Facebook Corrections Report Content Policies Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Advertising Comments Copyright Competition Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2017 Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623. Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8. TheJournal.ie is a full participating member of the Press Council of Ireland and supports the Office of the Press Ombudsman. This scheme in addition to defending the freedom of the press, offers readers a quick, fair and free method of dealing with complaints that they may have in relation to articles that appear on our pages. To contact the Office of the Press Ombudsman Lo-Call 1890 208 080 or go to www.pressombudsman.ie or www.presscouncil.ie Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy. News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites. Switch to Mobile Site | Night mode Sites: TheJournal.ie | BusinessETC.ie | The42 | DailyEdge.ie | Boards.ie | Adverts.ie | Daft.ie Blow the whistle or share a story Upload an image Upload an image cancel Add an image URL cancel Upload a video | Add YouTube video Upload a video cancel YouTube Address (URL): cancel Your email (optional) Submit Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie Please log in to comment Please log in with facebook to become a fan Please log in RSS feeds available here: TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed German and Italian airlines' losses will be Ryanair's gain as it orders more planes Comments Report an error, omission or problem: Message: Your Email (optional) Submit Create Email Alert Create an email alert based on the current article Email Address One email every morning As soon as new articles come online Submit TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition Share stories with your friends and family easily Comment without having to login More features coming soon...
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists News Ryanair Wants More Boeing Jets To Fuel Global Growth GILLIAN RICH 5/30/2017 Reprints Ryanair (RYAAY) is looking to accelerate its global fleet growth with more narrow-body Boeing (BA) planes. On Tuesday, the European budget airline said in its fiscal year 2017 annual report that it's extending 10 of its planned lease returns in 2018 and 2019 to help boost fleet growth. XAutoplay: On | Off Ryanair is also considering adding "selectively" to its current Boeing order to have planes delivered in the next 24 months. With some models, carriers can be on the waiting list for years before deliveries start. Ryanair's U.S.-listed shares rose 1.45% to 107.76 in afternoon trade on the stock market today, hitting a fresh record high. Boeing rose 0.2% to 186.88, holding above a 185.81 buy point. Ryanair has 79 737-800 jets left to be delivered by fiscal 2019 on its massive 183-plane order from Boeing. The carrier has also agreed to buy up to 200 Boeing 737 Max 200 aircraft during fiscal 2020 to 2024. The carrier reported full year profit in line with analysts' views, despite a shift in capacity to Spain over terrorist attacks in the Middle East and North Africa, causing some overcapacity but a weaker pound sterling helped cut costs. Ryanair plans to boost fiscal 2018 profit by 8%. RELATED:  Virgin's Branson Was Asked About Starting A New Airline; He Said This The Latest Threat To Delta, United Comes From This New Budget Carrier Airline Industry News And Stocks To Watch GILLIAN RICH | Facebook | @IBD_GRich Share this: Related news Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch 5/30/2017 Build your watch list and action plan with a look at stocks set to report. 5/30/2017 Build your watch list and action plan with a look... Airline Industry News And Stocks To Watch The Real Star Of 'Top Gun 2' Won't Be Tom Cruise Defense And Aerospace Stocks To Watch And Industry News Stocks Shake Off Pressure; Nasdaq, S&P 500 Hit New Highs Honeywell Has This Retort For Activist Investor Pushing Aerospace Spinoff Surge For This Fighter Among The Few Big Changes In Trump's Budget Nasdaq Leads Solid Session: IBD 50 Jumps 1.3% As Bulls Take Charge Techs Lead Quiet Gains, Topping Both S&P 500 And Dow Today's Spotlight Stay Current with FANG Stocks Want to know how FB, AMZN, NFLX, & GOOGL are doing? Check our latest news and investing insight. MarketSmith Premium Find top stocks with MarketSmith Premium. Take a 3-week trial today. Special Webinar – May 31 Learn advanced buying strategies & see examples of how these techniques can boost portfolio profits. More News Overseas Tax Holiday For Tech Titans May Come With A Catch Which 2 ETFs On Breakout Watch Own Nvidia As Top Holding? All-New Pricing from TradeStation. Open an Account Today. Promoted Content By TradeStation Special Report Best Chinese Stocks To Buy And Watch Track the top-rated Chinese stocks trading in the U.S. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/30/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 45% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/30/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Boeing Wins Contract to Build DARPA XS-1 Experimental Space Plane But hey! What happened to Blue Origin? Rich Smith (TMFDitty) May 30, 2017 at 10:13AM For nearly three years now, we've been following the saga of the XS-1 Spaceplane -- the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency's (DARPA) project to build a new and improved, 21st-century space shuttle. Designed to fly "10 times in 10 days," the unmanned XS-1 will rocket to the edge of space and then fire a different rocket to launch payloads into orbit -- never leaving the atmosphere itself, and never actually entering orbit. Instead, after delivering its cargo the XS-1 will return to land on Earth like an airplane. In contrast to the actual space shuttle, which famously cost about $1 billion a mission to fly, XS-1 aims to deliver up to 3,000 pounds of cargo to orbit for just $5 million per flight. Artist's conception of Boeing's Phantom Express XS-1 spaceplane. Image source: Boeing. NASA has hired privately held Vector to build the second-stage "rocket" that will push payloads the last mile into orbit, using Vector's internally developed Vector-R rocket for this purpose. The question up till now, though, has been who would build the spaceplane itself. Would it be: Boeing (NYSE:BA), in collaboration with Amazon.com CEO Jeff Bezos' "Blue Origin" space company? Northrop Grumman, teaming up with Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic? Or privately held Masten Space Systems, working with equally private XCOR Aerospace? Now we know the answer: It's Boeing ... and Aerojet Rocketdyne (NYSE:AJRD). Boeing wins the prize -- but not Blue Origin On Wednesday, May 24, DARPA made its announcement: Boeing will "build and fly an experimental vehicle for aircraft-like access to space." Dubbed the Boeing Phantom Express, this will be the "first of an entirely new class of hypersonic aircraft that would bolster national security by providing short-notice, low-cost access to space." After Boeing successfully completed phase 1 of the XS-1 competition, DARPA has tapped the company to proceed through phases 2 and 3 as well -- fabrication and flight. And yet, Boeing's victory seems to have left Blue Origin in the lurch. Somewhere between 2014, when Boeing entered this competition, and this week, when Boeing won it, Blue Origin appears to have fallen off the Boeing team, to be replaced by Blue Origin's rocket-building rival Aerojet Rocketdyne. According to DARPA's press release, "the XS-1 technology demonstrator's propulsion system is an Aerojet Rocketdyne AR-22 engine, a version of the legacy Space Shuttle main engine (SSME)." In confirmation of this, Aerojet issued its own press release on Wednesday, stating that "Aerojet Rocketdyne is a member of the Boeing team" and that it has been "selected to provide the main propulsion for the Boeing and the U.S. Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) reusable Experimental Spaceplane (XS-1)." So it's official now: DARPA will proceed with building its spaceplane, with Boeing and Aerojet Rocketdyne doing the work. So what happens now? What happens now According to DARPA, Boeing and Aerojet Rocketdyne now move into phase 2 of the project, transforming XS-1 from concept into aircraft. This should be accomplished before the end of 2019, and will include at least 10 test-firings of the Phantom Express' engines over the course of 10 days. This accomplished, the companies will proceed to phase 3 in 2020, running between 12 and 15 flight tests to prove the aircraft can actually fly 10 times in 10 days. Ultimately, DARPA will ask its contractors to demonstrate Phantom Express' ability to hit flight speeds of Mach 10, and launch a demonstration payload weighing between 900 and 3,000 pounds into low-earth orbit. If they succeed in doing this, they'll prove the ability to put a pound of payload in orbit for as little as $1,700 -- and change the economics of spaceflight forever. Rich Smith has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Rich Smith (TMFDitty) I like things that go "boom." Sonic or otherwise, that means I tend to gravitate towards defense and aerospace stocks. But to tell the truth, over the course of a dozen years writing for The Motley Fool, I have covered -- and continue to cover -- everything from retailers to consumer goods stocks, and from tech to banks to insurers as well. Follow me on Twitter or Facebook for the most important developments in defense & aerospace news, and other great stories besides. Article Info May 30, 2017 at 10:13AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $186.88 up $0.29 (0.16%) Aerojet Rocketdyne NYSE:AJRD $21.70 up $0.01 (0.05%) Read More Boeing Bags $2.2 Billion Navy Contract Russia's New Spaceship Could Be Crewed by Robots Boeing Co. Earnings: 2017 Begins on a Mixed Note Could NASA Beat SpaceX in the Next Space Race? 5 Things Boeing Co.'s Management Wants You to Know Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Boeing Wins Contract to Build DARPA XS-1 Experimental Space Plane @themotleyfool #stocks $BA, $AJRD
Wednesday 31 May 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Turkish Airlines receives 30th 777-300ER from Boeing ISTANBUL, 18 hours, 59 minutes ago Turkish Airlines recently celebrated the arrival of its 30th Boeing 777-300ER, adding to its ever-growing fleet of carriers. The new delivery, which was welcomed with a traditional water salute, is a highly one for the carrier as it is the first aircraft to feature seats by Turkish Seats Industries (TSI), a complete Turkish brand through a close collaboration with Boeing. TSI, the first locally aircraft seat producer in Turkey, which is a joint venture between Turkish Airlines and Assan Hanil, aims to play a key role in the global aircraft seat market with its innovative, lightweight, quality products. “Three years ago, we partnered in a significant initiative to pioneer another first in Turkish Civil Aviation. By establishing Turkish Seat Industry (TSI), in collaboration with Assan Hanil, we took a more active role in the industry through logistical support. And now we’re taking the delivery of the first aircraft equipped with those locally produced seats designed by TSI, an installation manufactured in Turkey that conforms to all international standards. With adding this 30th Boeing 777-300ER to our ever expanding fleet, we look forward to TSI to become a leading brand across the industry, and be a substantial part of our aircrafts in the near future.” said M. İlker Aycı, chairman of the Board and the executive committee of Turkish Airlines.   “Turkish Airlines has been a long-standing and key partner for Boeing and we are proud of their confidence and trust in Boeing’s technology and industry-leading airplanes such as the 777,” said Marty Bentrott, vice president for Sales, Middle East, Turkey, Russia and Central Asia, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “This delivery is especially significant since it is the first to feature seats by Turkish Seat Industries (TSI). We look forward to further developing and strengthening our relationship with Turkish Airlines and the Turkish Aviation Industry.” Turkish Airlines and Boeing share a long history that goes back to 1945, with the arrival of the airline’s first DC-3/C-47 airliners. Turkish Airlines entered the jet age in the late 1960s, when the airline began operating DC-9, DC-10 and Boeing 707 airplanes. Over the years, the Turkish carrier has also flown the Boeing 727, 757, MD-80 and the most modern 737 and 777 airplanes. Boeing’s backlog with Turkish Airlines includes two 777 Freighters and 75 737 MAXs. - TradeArabia News Service Tags: Boeing | Turkish | Airlines | 777 | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Atlantis, The Palm unveils new offer for World Oceans Day Duqm online city guide launched Emirates to unveil new First Class cabin in Nov Etihad to expand B787 network in Europe Qatar Airways offers iftar meal boxes on board Dubai hotels post highest occupancy, rates in Mena Etihad Guest reaches five-million milestone Centro Capital Doha celebrates Ramadan in style Escape for summer with Virgin Limited Edition Baiguera named GM of Mövenpick Hotel Bahrain Jannah Burj Al Sarab gets top recognition Emirates names UAE nationals to key positions Emirates Crown is Dubai’s newest vacation home Ramadan retreat at Four Seasons Bahrain Bay Bahrain World Trade Center, Moda Mall conclude fire drill exercise Turkish dramas continue to drive tourism from Arab region US may ban laptops on all incoming, outgoing flights Gulf Air chairs AACO emergency response meeting Mangalis opens Seen Hotel Abidjan Plateau Hilton Beirut honours corporate partners SriLankan Airlines to establish its presence in Australia All aboard: how to feed and entertain guests on Harmony of the Seas Dubai passenger traffic tops 7.6m in April ‘Stay for Free’ at Coral Beach Resort Sharjah Crystal Lagoons inks $117m Egypt project deal Emirates World Club introduces premium concierge service Jumeirah Golf Estates to remain host venue of DP World Tour Championship Royal Jordanian welcomes new president/CEO Travel could be 'the solution to reviving brick and mortar retail' Create priceless memories this summer at Danat Hotels Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Wednesday 31 May 2017 / Tehran - 11:33 / GMT - 07:03 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Economy http://fna.ir/KTR70Q Tue May 30, 2017 4:50 Iran Issues Stern Warning over Passenger Planes Contracts Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iranian government warned the foreign states and companies which have signed contracts to sell passenger planes to Tehran of the country's reciprocal moves if the other parties defy their undertakings. "If any measure is taken in violation of the contract to purchase planes, we will reciprocate," Government Spokesman Mohammad Baqer Nobakht told reporters in his weekly press conference in Tehran on Tuesday. His remarks came after US Secretary of Treasury Steven Mnuchin announced last week that the department is reviewing licenses for Boeing and Airbus to sell aircraft to Iran, telling lawmakers he would increase sanctions pressure on Iran. Mnuchin did not elaborate on the review of the licenses, which were issued under a 2015 agreement between Tehran and world powers to lift sanctions in return for curbs on Iran’s nuclear activities. The review suggests that Trump’s support for Boeing’s defense and jetliner businesses could have political limits. Iran has said that halting the airplane deals would breach the 2015 nuclear agreement. For Boeing, losing the Iran Air deal could affect 777 production, since 15 of the wide-body jetliners are included in the first approved batch of Boeing aircraft due for delivery to Iran Air by 2020. Deliveries start in May next year. Boeing said in December it would cut 777 output by 40% this year under plans that include Iran Air’s still-tentative order. Iran's National Flag Carrier, Iran Air, has agreed to buy 200 US and European passenger aircraft worth up to $37 billion at list prices, though such deals typically include big discounts. They include 80 jets from Boeing, 100 from Airbus and 20 turboprops from Franco-Italian ATR. All the aircraft need US licenses because of their reliance on US parts. Meantime, Managing Director of Iran Air Farhad Parvaresh announced late in March that the giant aviation company Airbus has delivered the third passenger plane to the country. "The third Airbus, an A330, landed at Tehran's Mehrabad airport," Parvaresh said at the time. He noted that the A330 plane which has 32 business class and 206 economy class seats is suitable for long-distance flights.         LATEST STORIES (9) Iraqi Forces in Last Stages of Defeating ISIL in Western Mosul Syrian Army Makes Fresh Gains in Southern Deir Ezzur Iraqi Forces Launch Heavy Offensive on Terrorists before Liberating Aljazeera Residential Complex North of Ba'aj Syria Celebrates 72nd Anniversary of Army Foundation Philippines Army Battles to Contain ISIL Attacks from Spreading to Second City Syrian Army Establishes Control over Vast Areas in Eastern Homs Syria: Last Group of Militants Leave Barzeh District in Eastern Damascus Baghdad Attack: At Least 27 Killed in ISIL Bombings Trump and His Pals Summon Deamons of War and Chaos ISIL Sets Fire to 'Black Archives' in Nineveh Tens of ISIL Terrorists Killed in Clashes with Kurdish-Led SDF in Northeastern Syria Terrorists Live in Fear Following Unprecedented Dispatch of Syrian Soldiers, Military Equipment to Dara'a Several Mass Graves Containing Tens of Bodies Unearthed in Northwestern Iraq Iran Condemns Terrorist Blasts in Iraq Syrian Army Preparing to Storm Key Town in Eastern Homs as Vital Point toward Deir Ezzur Iraqi Forces in Last Stages of Defeating ISIL in Western Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said that his country's military forces are in the last stages of defeating ISIL militants in the remaining neighborhoods of the Western side of Mosul. [PHOTOS] Syrian Army Makes Fresh Gains in Southern Deir Ezzur TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army made fresh gains in the battle against ISIL in an offensive near the provincial cemetery, Harabish District and Tal Brouk. [VIDEO] Iraqi Forces Launch Heavy Offensive on Terrorists before Liberating Aljazeera Residential Complex North of Ba'aj TEHRAN (FNA)- Popular Forces (Hashd Al-Shaabi) and Iraqi aircraft heavily strike ISIL positions in an all out attack against the terrorists, West of Mosul, before liberating the Aljazeera Residential Complex North of Ba'aj. [VIDEO] Syria Celebrates 72nd Anniversary of Army Foundation TEHRAN (FNA)- Syrian people and army troops celebrated the 72nd anniversary of the army foundation across the country. [PHOTOS] Philippines Army Battles to Contain ISIL Attacks from Spreading to Second City TEHRAN (FNA)- More than 90% of Marawi’s 200,000 population fled a week of street clashes and aerial strikes. Many have relocated to Iligan City, 38km (24 miles) to the North, where authorities have implemented a 10pm to 4am curfew. [PHOTOS] Syrian Army Establishes Control over Vast Areas in Eastern Homs TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian army managed to establish control over huge chunks of ISIL-held territory in the Eastern province of Homs. The major achievement by the army would see the ISIL militants deprived of key supply routes. [VIDEO] Syria: Last Group of Militants Leave Barzeh District in Eastern Damascus TEHRAN (FNA)- The last group of militants left Barzeh for Idlib province within the framework of an agreement reached between the Syrian government and local opposition leaders. [VIDEO] Baghdad Attack: At Least 27 Killed in ISIL Bombings TEHRAN (FNA)- Two ISIL car bombs killed at least 27 people and wounded dozens more in Baghdad Karrada district and near the al-Shahada (Martyrs') Bridge, packed with crowds preparing for the Ramadan fast. [PHOTOS] Trump and His Pals Summon Deamons of War and Chaos TEHRAN (FNA)- The Qatar-backed London-based Middle East Eye website published an incendiary cartoon that shows US President Donald Trump and two Arab leaders apparently summoning the devil rejoicing at death and “more dead kids”. [CARTOON] ISIL Sets Fire to 'Black Archives' in Nineveh TEHRAN (FNA)- ISIL has set fire to all documents in its main archives in the town of al-Ba'aj, West of Nineveh province, as terrorists are about to lose the city to the popular forces, a senior Hashd al-Shaabi (Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces) commander said on Tuesday. Tens of ISIL Terrorists Killed in Clashes with Kurdish-Led SDF in Northeastern Syria TEHRAN (FNA)- The predominately Kurdish Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) continued the fourth phase of their Euphrates Rage Operation in the Western part of Raqqa province, taking control over several villages near al-Tabaqa city and killing tens of militants. Terrorists Live in Fear Following Unprecedented Dispatch of Syrian Soldiers, Military Equipment to Dara'a TEHRAN (FNA)- Media sources reported unprecedented angst has covered the entire terrorist-held regions in Dara'a city after arrival of a large number of fresh Syrian Army soldiers and armored vehicles in the Southern city. Several Mass Graves Containing Tens of Bodies Unearthed in Northwestern Iraq TEHRAN (FNA)- Hashd al-Shaabi (Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces) have discovered ten mass graves in Sinjar region during an anti-ISIL operation in the region, media sources reported on Tuesday. Iran Condemns Terrorist Blasts in Iraq TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iranian foreign ministry deplored the recent terrorist blasts in Iraq which killed a large number of innocent people, including women and children. Syrian Army Preparing to Storm Key Town in Eastern Homs as Vital Point toward Deir Ezzur TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army troops continued their advances against ISIL in Eastern Homs, and are now getting ready to storm the last stronghold of the terrorists in the province that is also considered as a gate to Deir Ezzur, military sources said on Tuesday. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:03 GMT +331 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Russia Reveals What the '21' in Its New MC-21 Airliner Really Stands For © Sputnik/ Sergey Mamontov Russia 14:48 30.05.2017(updated 15:03 30.05.2017) Get short URL 22688382 Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin has revealed what the number '21' in the name of Russia's new MC-21 medium-range passenger airliner really stands for. Over the weekend, the Irkut MC-21, a prospective new jet airliner that's expected to be Russia's answer to the Boeing-737 and the Airbus A-320, conducted its maiden flight. © Sputnik/ Sergey Mamontov MC-21, Russia's Answer to Boeing, Performs Its Maiden Flight (PHOTO, VIDEO)Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin, whose portfolio includes aircraft construction, has taken a highly active role in promoting the new aircraft and supporting its development. On Monday, the minister finally revealed the real reason for the number '21' in the MC-21's name.  In a post on his official Facebook page, Rogozin wrote that his aircraft designer friend has told him that "the MC-21 is 21% superior to its competitors in every respect – fuel consumption, maintenance requirements, comfort, noise isolation, and weight. And of course, buyers will earn 21% more by flying these aircraft, compared to the catalogue prices of Boeing and Airbus planes." "There you have it. Now I understand where our mainline aircraft [Russian 'Magistralny Samolet' – abbreviated as MS or MC] got its lucky number from," Rogozin quipped. © Sputnik/ IRKUT Corporation/Marina Lisceva Russia to Offer Integrated Contracts for MC-21 Plane - Deputy Prime MinisterEngineers have confirmed that the MC-21's maiden flight Sunday took place as expected, with all the plane's onboard systems working flawlessly. The twin-engine short- and mid-range airliner is expected to have at least three variants, with passenger capacity ranging between 150-212 persons.  The MC-21 is designed to be faster, more efficient, and less expensive than its Western counterparts, incorporating the latest in the field of airframe, engine and avionics systems technology in its design. For example, the plane features a composite wing-design, which improves fuel efficiency, and will eventually be fitted with new Russian-made PD-14 engines, which meet and exceed global safety, noise, and fuel efficiency standards. The aircraft is also designed to have a superior cruising speed, and a price tag tens of millions of dollars less than those of its Boeing and Airbus competitors. Last week, Rogozin said that there are already 185 orders for the MC-21, with dozens more expected as interest rises amid flight testing.  On Monday, Russian Minister of Industry and Trade Denis Manturov said that the MC-21 should receive its airworthiness certificate in 2019. Eight planes, including three for flight testing, are currently being assembled at the Irkutsk Aviation Plant. Russia hopes to produce up to 1,000 of the planes for the medium-haul passenger liner market, which is by far the most capacious segment of the global aviation market, by 2037. © Sputnik/ Sergey Mamontov 'Great Export Potential': Russia's MC-21 Passenger Jet Conducts Maiden Flight (VIDEO)Work on the MC-21 first began in the late 2000s, and intensified in 2014 after the downturn in relations with Western countries. Moscow has taken a number of steps to allow Russian aviation companies to win back the commercial passenger aircraft market, both domestically and abroad. On Tuesday, RIA Novosti reported that the Russian government had instructed its representatives in the boards of directors of state companies to vote in favor of the purchase or lease of only Russian-made aircraft. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 382 Related: Russia's Irkutsk Aviation Plant Already Assembling Eight MC-21 Passenger Planes Russia to Offer Integrated Contracts for MC-21 Plane - Deputy Prime Minister Airworthiness Certificate for Russian MC-21 Planes Expected in 2019 - Minister 'Great Export Potential': Russia's MC-21 Passenger Jet Conducts Maiden Flight MC-21, Russia's Answer to Boeing, Performs Its Maiden Flight (PHOTO, VIDEO) Standing Orders at 185 Units for Russia's MS-21 Passenger Jets - Deputy PM MC-21, Russia's Answer to Boeing and Airbus, Rolls Off Assembly Room Floor TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 10:02Militants Fleeing Afghanistan May Pose Threat to CIS - Anti-Terror Center 09:43Milestones of OPEC-Russia Energy Dialogue 09:04Russian Defense Minister Informs Putin of Anti-Daesh Missile Strikes - Kremlin 08:33Russia's Navy Hits All Daesh Targets Near Syria's Palmyra - Defense Ministry 07:46Daughter of Ex-S. Korean President's Associate Arrested on Plane to SeoulAll news Russian Scientist Patents Method to Create Atmosphere on Mars 12106 Race for Hypersonic Superiority: Russia Over Half-a-Decade Ahead of the US 9809 Russia is Always One Step Ahead in Syria: Here is Why 8125 Beloved US Air Force A-10 Warthog Attack Aircraft Saved From Chopping Block 7954 With China Rattled by Long Bridge, India to Build 17 Highways for Jet Landing 7305All news Clapper: Russians ‘Genetically Driven’ to Interfere in Elections 55 Merkel Hints Europe Can No Longer Rely on US, Britain 54 McCain: Putin a Greater Threat Than Daesh 52 Russia Has Little Reason to Trust NATO After It Absorbed Whole of Eastern Europe 37 Trump Offers Moscow a Way Out of the Ukrainian Stalemate – Can Russia Trust Him? 30All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics China's Dragon Boat Festival Gets Underway The War in Dashboard New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Wednesday 31 May 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Etihad to expand B787 network in Europe ABU DHABI, 21 hours, 18 minutes ago Etihad Airways today announced plans to boost its European Dreamliner network with the deployment of Boeing 787-9 aircraft to Amsterdam and Madrid.   The 299-seat Dreamliners will be introduced on year-round scheduled services to Amsterdam from September 1, and to Madrid, effective October 1, joining Düsseldorf and Zurich as the airline’s other European Dreamliner services. The 787-9 will also operate seasonally to Athens during the summer months.   With a phased delivery of nine Boeing 787-9s this year, the aircraft are gradually being introduced on a number of international routes from the airline’s Abu Dhabi hub.   Etihad Airways currently operates a fleet of 13 Boeing 787-9s to 11 destinations – namely Washington, Düsseldorf, Zurich, Johannesburg, Amman, Riyadh, Singapore, Shanghai, Tokyo, Perth and Brisbane from Abu Dhabi. Beirut, Beijing, Seoul and Melbourne are due to join the 787 network over the next few months.   The Amsterdam route will have a taste of the 787 between June 2nd and 30th to help meet demand during the early summer peak period. The current four weekly Madrid services will also be boosted with additional flights, moving to a daily operation from June 1.   Peter Baumgartner, Etihad Airways chief executive officer, said: “With two of Etihad Airways’ most popular European destinations joining our 787 network later this year, we are giving more guests the opportunity to fly on our next generation aircraft.   “Flights to and from Amsterdam and Madrid cater to business and leisure travellers, and with growing demand, there was a strong case to introduce bigger aircraft to these destinations. The 787 is fast becoming our flagship long-haul aircraft and as more are delivered, we will continue to look at upgrading existing routes with these excellent planes.   “Since introducing our first 787 into commercial service more than two years ago, we have enjoyed excellent feedback from guests on our ground-breaking cabin interiors that have set a benchmark for high service levels in the region and across the world.”   Etihad Airways’ two-class Boeing 787-9s include award-winning interiors that feature 28 Business Studios and 271 Economy Smart Seats, offering superior levels of comfort, entertainment and in-flight connectivity. On-board décor and lighting have been inspired by contemporary Arabian design, complementing the signature ‘Facets of Abu Dhabi’ identity introduced by the airline during its livery relaunch in 2014.   Etihad Airways has pending deliveries of a further 58 Dreamliners over the next few years. - TradeArabia News Service   Tags: Etihad | Dreamliner | madrid | Amsterdam | B787 | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Atlantis, The Palm unveils new offer for World Oceans Day Duqm online city guide launched Turkish Airlines receives 30th 777-300ER from Boeing Emirates to unveil new First Class cabin in Nov Qatar Airways offers iftar meal boxes on board Dubai hotels post highest occupancy, rates in Mena Etihad Guest reaches five-million milestone Centro Capital Doha celebrates Ramadan in style Escape for summer with Virgin Limited Edition Baiguera named GM of Mövenpick Hotel Bahrain Jannah Burj Al Sarab gets top recognition Emirates names UAE nationals to key positions Emirates Crown is Dubai’s newest vacation home Ramadan retreat at Four Seasons Bahrain Bay Bahrain World Trade Center, Moda Mall conclude fire drill exercise Turkish dramas continue to drive tourism from Arab region US may ban laptops on all incoming, outgoing flights Gulf Air chairs AACO emergency response meeting Mangalis opens Seen Hotel Abidjan Plateau Hilton Beirut honours corporate partners SriLankan Airlines to establish its presence in Australia All aboard: how to feed and entertain guests on Harmony of the Seas Dubai passenger traffic tops 7.6m in April ‘Stay for Free’ at Coral Beach Resort Sharjah Crystal Lagoons inks $117m Egypt project deal Emirates World Club introduces premium concierge service Jumeirah Golf Estates to remain host venue of DP World Tour Championship Royal Jordanian welcomes new president/CEO Travel could be 'the solution to reviving brick and mortar retail' Create priceless memories this summer at Danat Hotels Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Thomson Reuters Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Business Development MENA Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 31 May 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Dubai DXB Entertainments appoints new CEO Consumer spending picks up in Saudi Arabia Saudi Dussur, GE sign $267mln power sector joint venture Saudi Makkah emir opens first phase of Jabal Omar project NRI investment: Indian expats seek costlier homes back home Dubai Investments Park 280 new sub-tenants in first four months of 2017 New malls in Dubai will impact future occupancy levels New entity to manage Meraas, Dubai Holding projects Saudi Makkah emir opens first phase of Jabal Omar project Dubai's Drake and Scull in talks with banks on restructuring Dubai utility awards $212mln contract for K-Station power project UAE's Musanada deploys new system for construction equipment Saudi Dussur, GE sign $267mln power sector joint venture Qatar takes tough stance on project stakes in Japan LNG contract talks India's record diesel demand to continue in 2017, growth to slow Dubai utility awards $212mln contract for K-Station power project Jobs in UAE: Around 900 employees laid off in Abu Dhabi’s banking sector DIFC’s fintech accelerator attracts global innovators Dubai's Drake and Scull in talks with banks on restructuring UAE Central Bank shuts down money exchange over irregularities Dubai's Mashreq bank signs up for SWIFT global payments innovation Abu Dhabi to develop Sheikha Fatima Park Turkish Islamic banks' association, IDB sign cooperation deal Oman raises $2bln sukuk with 4.397% profit rate DIFC’s fintech accelerator attracts global innovators Ajman inaugurates Sanad project in cooperation with Huawei UAE's Musanada deploys new system for construction equipment UAE mobile phone usage 228.3 phones per 100 people Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global GCC eyes closer ties with commodity-rich Latin America Jobs in UAE: Around 900 employees laid off in Abu Dhabi’s banking sector Saudi Deputy Crown Prince visits Moscow today India's record diesel demand to continue in 2017, growth to slow GCC eyes closer ties with commodity-rich Latin America Qatar deports Saudi asylum-seeker to Saudi Arabia -Amnesty Jobs in UAE: Around 900 employees laid off in Abu Dhabi’s banking sector Saudi Deputy Crown Prince visits Moscow today UN urges Algeria, Morocco to release trapped Syrian refugees France's Macron meets Syrian opposition Jordan's public debt ratio "stable", expenditure down: ministry Israel to push 140,000 Palestinians out of Jerusalem boundaries Unveiled: Egypt's mummy DNA study shows close ties with Europe UN urges Algeria, Morocco to release trapped Syrian refugees Sudan ratifies ban on Egyptian farm and animal product imports As many as 30 migrants from Libya feared dead GCC eyes closer ties with commodity-rich Latin America U.S. says no announcement planned this week on expanding laptop ban Scenarios for May's UK election in June India's record diesel demand to continue in 2017, growth to slow Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Weak oil prices may keep institutions away; MSCI changes to cause passive flows Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament Oil falls as rising Libyan, U.S. output undermines cuts Swing traders in action as Dubai index outperforms Weak oil prices may keep institutions away; MSCI changes to cause passive flows Swing traders in action as Dubai index outperforms Gulf mostly rises, Qatar underperforms as Ezdan plunges again Take an overweight view on GCC, EU equities - ADIB Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament Dollar firms against sterling, euro amid political uncertainties Volatility pauses in Bitcoin as new moves eyed Dollar edges up, markets take N.Korea missile test in stride Egypt has bought 3.6mln tonnes of local wheat since start of season Gold set for first monthly drop since Dec as Fed rate hike likely GCC eyes closer ties with commodity-rich Latin America Oil falls as rising Libyan, U.S. output undermines cuts Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Motorists Alert: Sharjah Police installs 30 new smart road radars UAE Central Bank shuts down money exchange over irregularities New Jersey town to pay $3.25mln to end lawsuits over rejected mosque U.S. says no announcement planned this week on expanding laptop ban GCC eyes closer ties with commodity-rich Latin America Motorists Alert: Sharjah Police installs 30 new smart road radars UAE Central Bank shuts down money exchange over irregularities New Jersey town to pay $3.25mln to end lawsuits over rejected mosque Qatar deports Saudi asylum-seeker to Saudi Arabia -Amnesty UAE Central Bank shuts down money exchange over irregularities U.S. says no announcement planned this week on expanding laptop ban Smart Solution: Dubai Police to use drone to defuse bombs GCC eyes closer ties with commodity-rich Latin America UAE confirms 99% compliance with regulation on fishing and trading of local fish Abu Dhabi intensifies food safety campaigns during Ramadan Absconding workers on the rise in Oman Prominent Saudi actor wins defamation case against cleric Safety First: Sharjah Police urge parents to use child seats in cars Egypt cabinet approves raising minimum income tax threshold Shisha in hotel Ramadan tents only after 9pm Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Abu Dhabi’s sweet shops get busier by the day Unveiled: Egypt's mummy DNA study shows close ties with Europe Tiger Woods asleep at the wheel of stopped car before arrest Bright prospects for global luxury sales Abu Dhabi’s sweet shops get busier by the day Abu Dhabi intensifies food safety campaigns during Ramadan Healthy Move: Shisha banned in Ramadan tents during iftar Smoking shisha and dokha just as harmful as cigarettes Click to brick: Moda Operandi gets comfortable with physical transition Sparking a boom in Dubai: UAE’s F&B sector cooks up some major deals 18 places to get Ramadan sweets in the UAE Shisha in hotel Ramadan tents only after 9pm UAE's Etihad Airways to boost Dreamliner network in Europe Emirates’ new Boeing first class cabin to be unveiled at Dubai Air Show Etihad Airways expands Boeing 787 network in Europe Iran most affordable tourist destination UAE production house on board Denzel Washington project Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan pranked on MBC's Ramadan show US Box Office: Pirates of the Caribbean hooks No.1, Baywatch flops ‘La Perle’ aquatic theatre tickets go on sale Tiger Woods asleep at the wheel of stopped car before arrest Bilateral cricket: No progress as India, Pakistan meet in Dubai turns futile Tiger Woods arrested for driving under influence All eyes on Malinga as pacer gears up in England Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Travel & Tourism Article travel and tourism Etihad Airways expands Boeing 787 network in Europe 30 May, 2017 An Etihad plane stands parked at a gate at JFK International Airport in New York, U.S., March 21, 2017. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson ABU DHABI, 30th May, 2017 (WAM) -- Etihad Airways today announced plans to boost its European Dreamliner network with the deployment of Boeing 787-9 aircraft to Amsterdam and Madrid. The 299-seat Dreamliners will be introduced on year-round scheduled services to Amsterdam from 1st September, and to Madrid from 1st October, joining Dusseldorf and Zurich as the airline’s other European Dreamliner services. The 787-9 will also operate seasonally to Athens during the summer months. With a phased delivery of nine Boeing 787-9s this year, the aircraft are gradually being introduced on a number of international routes from the airline’s Abu Dhabi hub. Etihad Airways currently operates a fleet of 13 Boeing 787-9s to 11 destinations from Abu Dhabi: Washington, Dusseldorf, Zurich, Johannesburg, Amman, Riyadh, Singapore, Shanghai, Tokyo, Perth and Brisbane. Beirut, Beijing, Seoul and Melbourne are due to join the 787 network over the next few months. The Amsterdam route will have a taste of the 787 between 2nd and 30th June to help meet demand during the early summer peak period. The current four weekly Madrid services will be also boosted with additional flights, moving to a daily operation from 1st June. Peter Baumgartner, Etihad Airways Chief Executive Officer, said, "With two of Etihad Airways’ most popular European destinations joining our 787 network later this year, we are giving more guests the opportunity to fly on our next generation aircraft. Flights to and from Amsterdam and Madrid cater to business and leisure travellers, and with growing demand, there was a strong case to introduce bigger aircraft to these destinations. The 787 is fast becoming our flagship long-haul aircraft and as more are delivered, we will continue to look at upgrading existing routes with these excellent planes. Etihad Airways has pending deliveries of a further 58 Dreamliners over the next few years. © Copyright Emirates News Agency (WAM) 2017. © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: aviation uae Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Bahrain's Alba announces the appointment of Acting Chief Operations Officer 21 hours ago UAE's SHUAA Capital appoints Fawad Tariq Khan as General Manager 22 hours ago Renu Misra is the new German GROHE President Middle East, Africa and East Mediterranean 23 hours ago  from Memac Ogilvy PR NYU Abu Dhabi appoints Joanna Settle new Associate Arts Professor of Theater 23 hours ago  from Four Communications Group Royal Jordanian appoints Stefan Pichler as its President/CEO 2 days ago Emirates Cricket Board appoints Dougie Brown as head coach 28 May 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Statement. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
10.56 AM Wednesday, 31 May 2017 Home News Emirates Government Region World Law & Order Local Region World Entertainment Films and Music Celebrity Gossip Events Lifestyle Health Shopping Food Fashion Offbeat This is life Crazy World Business Economy and Finance Corporate Technology Energy Property Real Estate Rentals Sports Local Cricket FootBall Other Olympics Classifieds Videos Pictures Bollywood Jobs Home Business Advanced Etihad Airways expands Boeing 787 network in Europe By Wam Published Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Etihad Airways today announced plans to boost its European Dreamliner network with the deployment of Boeing 787-9 aircraft to Amsterdam and Madrid. The 299-seat Dreamliners will be introduced on year-round scheduled services to Amsterdam from 1st September, and to Madrid from 1st October, joining Dusseldorf and Zurich as the airline’s other European Dreamliner services. The 787-9 will also operate seasonally to Athens during the summer months. With a phased delivery of nine Boeing 787-9s this year, the aircraft are gradually being introduced on a number of international routes from the airline’s Abu Dhabi hub. Etihad Airways currently operates a fleet of 13 Boeing 787-9s to 11 destinations from Abu Dhabi: Washington, Dusseldorf, Zurich, Johannesburg, Amman, Riyadh, Singapore, Shanghai, Tokyo, Perth and Brisbane. Beirut, Beijing, Seoul and Melbourne are due to join the 787 network over the next few months. The Amsterdam route will have a taste of the 787 between 2nd and 30th June to help meet demand during the early summer peak period. The current four weekly Madrid services will be also boosted with additional flights, moving to a daily operation from 1st June. Peter Baumgartner, Etihad Airways Chief Executive Officer, said, "With two of Etihad Airways’ most popular European destinations joining our 787 network later this year, we are giving more guests the opportunity to fly on our next generation aircraft. Flights to and from Amsterdam and Madrid cater to business and leisure travellers, and with growing demand, there was a strong case to introduce bigger aircraft to these destinations. The 787 is fast becoming our flagship long-haul aircraft and as more are delivered, we will continue to look at upgrading existing routes with these excellent planes. Etihad Airways has pending deliveries of a further 58 Dreamliners over the next few years. Share with a friend or colleague Your e-mail address: Recipient's e-mail address: Message Related Articles Etihad to start flying A380 and B787 in December 3 continents on Etihad flightplan, launching 6 routes in 2015 Etihad Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner touches down in Johannesburg Etihad to be largest Dreamliner operator Etihad’s Dreamliner touches down in Abu Dhabi Business Latest gold, forex rates in UAE Gold rates for Wednesday, May 31, 2017 Daily Morning 9:00 AM Afternoon 3:00 PM Evening 8:00 PM Ounce rate 1261     24k* Etihad Airways expands Boeing 787 network in Europe Etihad Airways today announced plans to boost its European Dreamliner network with the deployment of Boeing 787-9 DIP grows with 280 new sub-tenants in the first four months of 2017 Dubai Investments Park (DIP), the unique integrated commercial, industrial and residential community in the Middle East Bloom Properties awards five contracts worth over Dh1bn Bloom Properties, a Bloom Holding business specialising in the development of integrated and sustainable communities, Dubai to host international forum for real estate professionals The Dubai Land Department, DLD, will host the 69th World Congress of the International Real Estate Federation, FIABCI, Carrefour lays foundation stone for the largest distribution centre in Dubai Majid Al Futtaim, the leading shopping mall, communities, retail and leisure pioneer across the Middle East, Africa and Most Popular in Business Read Latest gold, forex rates in UAE Emirates announces key management changes across the Middle East Carrefour lays foundation stone for the largest distribution centre in Dubai Etihad Airways expands Boeing 787 network in Europe DIP grows with 280 new sub-tenants in the first four months of 2017 Videos Newborn tries to walk minutes after birth Newborn tries to walk minutes after birth Hilarious moment a farting goat scares a child Hilarious moment a farting goat scares a child. Female zookeeper dies in UK in 'freak accident' with tiger A female zookeeper died Monday after a tiger entered the enclosure where she was working in southeast England, with the Woman jumps on hood of her SUV to prevent theft A Wisconsin woman pumping gas near downtown Milwaukee stopped a thief from stealing her SUV by jumping on its hood and Donald Trump shoves his way to front of Nato group American president Donald Trump apparently pushing aside the prime minister of Montenegro, Dusko Markovic, in order to Melania slaps Donald Trump when he tries to hold her hand Video shows President Trump reaching out to hold the First Lady"s hand. Melania responds by quickly slapping the hand See more videos News In Images KUWTK: Kim Kardashian West predicted Kris Humphries marriage fail Crazy pictures from around the world Cannes 2017: Uma Thurman, Joaquin Phoenix, Diane Kruger... Spotted: Kareena, Bipasha... Follow Emirates 24|7 Dubai Municipality denies existence of plastic rice in Dubai markets Dubai Municipality has denied rumors about the existence of plastic rice in Dubai markets. In response to a rumour Emirates’ new First Class cabin to be unveiled in November Emirates confirmed on Tuesday that its new First Class product will be showcased at the Dubai Air Show in November. How does the rent in Dubai compare with its rising school fees? The Knowledge and Human Development Authority’s (KHDA) much awaited annual inspection results were released with In Case You Missed It ... Sharjah wilts without power in over 45°C heat for second day Women and children flee to relatives' and friends' houses in Dubai and other emirates to escape heat The coolest way to ride the water in Dubai Fare ranges between Dh50 and Dh570 for regular trips and Dh400 per hour for tourist journey Parents black, baby blonde and blue-eyed Dad insists mum was true to him Saudis urged to “market” daughters for marriage A prominent Saudi psychiatrist has urged local families to market their daughters for early marriage, saying this would Sri Lanka declare at 520-8 in first Test Rangana and Lasith prove unlikely saviours with career-best scores Back to top News Emirates Government Region World Law & Order Local Region World Entertainment Films and Music Celebrity Gossip Events Lifestyle Health Shopping Food Fashion Offbeat This is life Crazy World Business Economy and Finance Corporate Technology Energy Property Real Estate Rentals Sports Local Cricket FootBall Other Olympics Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms & Conditions Apps Advertise With Us Our services From Japan With Nada Al Fouzan Dubai Post Stub It Out Dubai Post The King of Rome Leaves his Throne Dubai Post Dubai Post From Japan With Nada Al Fouzan Dubai Post Stub It Out Dubai Post The King of Rome Leaves his Throne Dubai Post 23 Iftar Canons Across the UAE Dubai Post Healthy and Smart... Immunity Smoothie Dubai Post Copyright © 2017. Dubai Media Incorporated. All rights reserved. Tweet
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News ProShare Advisors LLC Sells 1,513 Shares of Hawaiian Electric Industries, Inc. (HE) Boeing Co (BA) Shares Bought by Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Stake Decreased by First Mercantile Trust Co. Founders Capital Management LLC Raises Position in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) ProShare Advisors LLC Sells 7,287 Shares of New York Times Co (NYT) ProShare Advisors LLC Reduces Position in 3D Systems Co. (DDD) ProShare Advisors LLC Sells 3,973 Shares of CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) ProShare Advisors LLC Sells 1,841 Shares of Live Nation Entertainment, Inc. (LYV) Beigene Ltd (BGNE) Stake Raised by ProShare Advisors LLC Profund Advisors LLC Sells 716 Shares of PS Business Parks Inc (PSB) Advance Auto Parts, Inc. (AAP) Stake Reduced by Profund Advisors LLC ProShare Advisors LLC Reduces Position in Wright Medical Group Inc (WMGI) ProShare Advisors LLC Sells 6,602 Shares of Albany Molecular Research, Inc. (AMRI) Profund Advisors LLC Takes Position in Shutterfly, Inc. (SFLY) Profund Advisors LLC Decreases Position in AMETEK, Inc. (AME) TopBuild Corp (BLD) Stake Cut by Profund Advisors LLC Genuine Parts Company (GPC) Stake Decreased by Profund Advisors LLC QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Stake Increased by Rehmann Capital Advisory Group Mechanics Bank Trust Department Acquires 930 Shares of 3M Co (MMM) Osborne Partners Capital Management LLC Has $430,000 Stake in 3M Co (MMM) Boeing Co (BA) Shares Bought by Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc. raised its position in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 11,934.5% during the first quarter, according to its most recent disclosure with the SEC. The firm owned 6,619 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 6,564 shares during the period. Independent Portfolio Consultants Inc.’s holdings in Boeing were worth $1,171,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other institutional investors have also made changes to their positions in BA. Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA acquired a new position in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter worth about $106,000. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter worth about $109,000. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC acquired a new position in shares of Boeing during the third quarter worth about $102,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. boosted its position in shares of Boeing by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Gemmer Asset Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Boeing by 50.6% in the first quarter. Gemmer Asset Management LLC now owns 899 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $159,000 after buying an additional 302 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 186.59 on Tuesday. The company has a market cap of $112.62 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.99 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Co has a 52 week low of $122.35 and a 52 week high of $187.60. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $181.75 and a 200 day moving average of $168.41. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last released its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The company had revenue of $20.98 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $21.27 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the firm posted $1.74 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was down 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Boeing Co will post $9.39 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be paid a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 3.04%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. Boeing’s dividend payout ratio is currently 74.25%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international trademark & copyright law. The legal version of this article can be viewed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/boeing-co-ba-shares-bought-by-independent-portfolio-consultants-inc.html. A number of brokerages have recently issued reports on BA. Cowen and Company restated an “outperform” rating and issued a $215.00 price objective on shares of Boeing in a research note on Wednesday, May 17th. Barclays PLC increased their target price on shares of Boeing from $190.00 to $200.00 and gave the stock an “overweight” rating in a research report on Monday, May 22nd. Vetr cut shares of Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $157.59 target price for the company. in a research report on Monday, February 6th. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and set a $170.00 target price on shares of Boeing in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, Berenberg Bank started coverage on shares of Boeing in a research report on Wednesday, March 29th. They set a “buy” rating and a $202.00 target price for the company. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating, thirteen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $167.52. In other news, SVP Bertrand Marc Allen sold 15,470 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Tuesday, May 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $183.62, for a total value of $2,840,601.40. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 43,801 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $8,042,739.62. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 5,047 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $182.83, for a total value of $922,743.01. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now directly owns 8,829 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $1,614,206.07. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 63,403 shares of company stock valued at $11,666,138 in the last ninety days. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India May 30, 2017-Tuesday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ct 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Studymate Englishmate CBI files 3 FIRs over probe into aviation ministry decisions during UPA tenure The FIRs relate to the purchase of 50 Boeing aircraft for the erstwhile Air India, the merger of Air India and Indian Airlines, and handing over of lucrative international airline routes to private airlines, a source in the CBI told Hindustan Times on condition of anonymity. india Updated: May 30, 2017 14:41 IST Appu Esthose Suresh Hindustan Times, New Delhi Air India’s Dreamliner aircraft. (File Photo) The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has registered three FIRs pertaining to the affairs of the civil aviation ministry under the previous Congress-led government. The First Information Reports (FIRs) relate to the purchase of 50 Boeing aircraft for the erstwhile Air India, leasing of aircraft, and handing over of lucrative international airline routes to private airlines, while the merger of Air India and Indian Airlines has been registered as a preliminary enquiry, a source in the CBI told Hindustan Times on condition of anonymity. The cases come on the heels of the CBI raiding former finance minister P Chidambaram’s son Karti. The FIRs do not mention any public official by name but are built around a report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) submitted to Parliament in 2011 and a subsequent report by the Parliamentary Accounts Committee (PAC). Both reports pointed out glaring gaps in the acquisition process, which experts believe led to the national air carrier bleeding financially. In January 2017, the Supreme Court had also asked the CBI to complete the probe on the same matter by June while hearing a public interest litigation filed by activist-lawyer Prashant Bhushan on the Boeing purchase. “The Supreme Court had asked the attorney general to look into the allegations in a time-bound manner. We examined the evidence and decided to register three separate cases. We will finish the investigation soon,” said a senior CBI official privy to the development. According to the CBI official who spoke to HT, the CBI director sanctioned the registration of a case on Saturday after it remained under the scanner since 2014. The other two cases — the merger and surrendering of routes — are part of a larger probe into the mismanagement of the national air carrier whose losses increased from Rs 63 crore to over Rs 7,000 crore in the 10-year period between 2004 and 2014 coinciding with the Congress-led UPA rule. The FIR only mentions “unnamed official of civil aviation ministry”. The auditor, which covered the 2002-2010 period in its review, had said in its 121-page report that Air India was forced to buy aircraft from Boeing in a hurry. It also detailed events that led to the company’s ambitious $11-billion purchase on a paltry equity base of $34 million. A Boeing spokesperson declined to comment. Former civil aviation minister Praful Patel told HT: “I am not aware of this. But if it is indeed true, I am happy. They should investigate and the truth must come out.” The first two decisions — purchase of aircraft and the merger — were decided by an empowered group of ministers headed by P Chidambaram, the then finance minister, and Pranab Mukherjee, the then external affairs minister. Patel was part of the group as civil aviation minister. The CAG report, however, pinned the responsibility on Patel’s ministry, “The erstwhile Air India was advised to revisit its proposal by “the aviation ministry” into expanding its requirement of aircraft. Whilst their earlier proposal for 28 aircraft had taken two years to prepare and submit, the revised long-term fleet for 50 aircraft plan was completed in four months,” the auditor had said. more from india Canada court dismisses plea to arrest visiting ex-CRPF officer Dhillon May 30, 2017 13:52 IST Three dead, 100 ill after consuming pork at a feast in Meghalaya May 30, 2017 13:53 IST Red Alert – Rising cases of student suicides sound alarm bells across India Partnered Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper interactives Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs CBI files 3 FIRs over probe into aviation ministry decisions during UPA tenure May 30, 2017 14:41 IST Canada court dismisses plea to arrest visiting ex-CRPF officer Dhillon May 30, 2017 13:52 IST Three dead, 100 ill after consuming pork at a feast in Meghalaya May 30, 2017 13:53 IST Naxals torch bus in Chhattisgarh, 7 rebels held after face-off with police May 30, 2017 13:42 IST Kashmir: Restrictions extended as Valley remains tense after Sabzar Bhat’s death May 30, 2017 13:48 IST In Saharanpur, cult of Chandrashekhar grows as Dalit-led Bhim Army takes on Tha... May 30, 2017 13:36 IST Rampur molestation: Nine suspects arrested, hunt on for remaining five May 30, 2017 13:01 IST Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega dead at 83 May 30, 2017 14:40 IST Philippine military says city siege planned to gain recognition as an IS branch May 30, 2017 13:58 IST Canada court dismisses plea to arrest visiting ex-CRPF officer Dhillon May 30, 2017 13:52 IST Australia becomes first country to prevent paedophiles from travelling abroad May 30, 2017 11:36 IST Top US lawmaker criticises China’s ‘negative and silly Tibet obsession’ May 30, 2017 11:31 IST After latest missile test, North Korea warns of ‘bigger gift package’ for US May 30, 2017 10:09 IST After talks with Vladimir Putin, France’s Emmanuel Macron hits out at Russian m... May 30, 2017 10:01 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi pune CBI arrest joint director of Himachal industries dept on graft charges in Chandigarh May 30, 2017 14:34 IST A gypsy’s wonderland: Main Bazar in Delhi’s Paharganj is a delight for shoppers May 30, 2017 14:41 IST I love Gurgaon’s cuisine: Enjoy a meal at the food capital of NCR May 30, 2017 13:56 IST Maharashtra HSC results today: Mumbai teen fights rheumatoid arthritis, scores ... May 30, 2017 14:38 IST ISC result 2017: Bangle seller’s daughter Vedanshi wants to change family fortu... May 30, 2017 13:49 IST HSC results LIVE: Maharashtra girls outshine boys; more students get distinction May 30, 2017 14:26 IST IAS trainee who drowned in a Delhi pool was an ace swimmer, served in Himachal ... May 30, 2017 13:37 IST ISC result 2017: Wheelchair-bound Lucknow girl Aparna scales another high, scores... May 30, 2017 13:29 IST UT admn may have to compensate encroachers in Sukhna Lake catchment May 30, 2017 12:58 IST analysis columns editorials authors Modi is here for another 7 years; Opposition can do little about it, writes Vir Sanghvi May 30, 2017 14:37 IST Environment ministry must close the ‘pollute and pay’ window for industries May 30, 2017 13:17 IST Merkel wants to look beyond the United States. Modi can help May 29, 2017 22:48 IST Ravinder Kumar’s killing over public urination is a blow to Swachh Bharat May 29, 2017 21:12 IST Jharkhand mob lynching shows colonial forms of violence flourish in modern India May 29, 2017 16:42 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa Rahul Dravid best candidate to replace Anil Kumble as India coach: Ricky Ponting May 30, 2017 14:23 IST ICC Champions Trophy 2017, Live, India vs Bangladesh, live cricket score: IND bat... May 30, 2017 14:42 IST India favourites at ICC Champions Trophy: Kumar Sangakkara explains why May 30, 2017 13:20 IST Live cricket score, Sri Lanka vs New Zealand, ICC Champions Trophy, live score May 30, 2017 12:27 IST ICC Champions Trophy: 5 reasons why India should not take Bangladesh lightly May 30, 2017 13:40 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid See pics: Shahid Kapoor’s wife Mira Rajput and daughter Misha are back home May 30, 2017 14:31 IST Farhan Akhtar and MARD: Make short films, join the actor in fight against gender-based... May 30, 2017 14:16 IST Script work underway for Pawan Kalyan, Chiranjeevi film May 30, 2017 14:07 IST Judwaa 2: Why is David Dhawan breaking bottles on Varun’s head? May 30, 2017 13:58 IST A Death in the Gunj: The most fun part was to create 1970s world, says Konkona Sen... May 30, 2017 13:28 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch New research identifies protein that can restrict growth of cancer cells May 30, 2017 13:58 IST Cellphone addicts, take note: Excessive texting may cause ‘smartphone thumb’ May 30, 2017 13:41 IST Parents, beware! Too much of mobile usage affects your teenager’s sleep, mood p... May 30, 2017 13:23 IST Instagram fitness buffs, have you tried your hand at Alien yoga yet? May 30, 2017 14:25 IST Suramin, a 100 year-old drug that can help autistic kids May 30, 2017 10:06 IST Adani says Carmichael mine decision on track after royalty agreement May 30, 2017 14:36 IST Novartis has assets to sell, investors wary of what it might buy May 30, 2017 14:26 IST British American Tobacco to expand “glo” smokeless tobacco sales in Japan from ... May 30, 2017 14:10 IST Who are the biggest buyers of gold in India? May 30, 2017 14:02 IST Cotton flooding the world? 5 factors India has to watch out for May 30, 2017 12:45 IST Sensex touches 31,220, Nifty hits 9,632 in early trade May 30, 2017 12:45 IST The ever-slowing salary hikes at Indian companies: New survey shows drop over past... May 30, 2017 08:23 IST iPhone 8 to have bezel-less display, fingerprint sensor goes to back: Report May 30, 2017 12:28 IST 41 banned outfits in Pakistan operate freely on Facebook: Report May 30, 2017 09:49 IST After WannaCry, a new threat: 36.5mn Android users may have been hit by ‘Judy’ May 30, 2017 00:39 IST Lenovo’s struggling mobile business sets sight on high-end market May 29, 2017 11:41 IST India’s ethical hackers rewarded abroad but treated with suspicion at home May 29, 2017 10:11 IST Why are there so few women on the Internet in India? May 29, 2017 11:55 IST BSNL plans satellite phone service for all citizens in two years May 28, 2017 15:07 IST Jharkhand board result 2017: Know how to check May 30, 2017 14:30 IST Assam Board 2017 : Rajababu Saikia tops despite struggle with poverty May 30, 2017 14:04 IST Maharashtra HSC results today: Mumbai teen fights rheumatoid arthritis, scores ... May 30, 2017 14:38 IST ISC result 2017: Bangle seller’s daughter Vedanshi wants to change family fortu... May 30, 2017 13:49 IST HSC results LIVE: Maharashtra girls outshine boys; more students get distinction May 30, 2017 14:26 IST Ganga might become the first river to be protected by an Act May 30, 2017 12:17 IST In photos: ISRO’s most powerful rocket GSLV Mark III to be... May 30, 2017 10:08 IST Photos: Here’s a look at the top scorers in CBSE Class 12th... May 29, 2017 11:58 IST Bhopal’s upper lake turns rowing hub for India May 29, 2017 09:18 IST Photos: Muslims observe first day of holy month Ramzan May 29, 2017 08:59 IST IIT-Madras students organize beef festival to protest cattle slaughter ban May 29, 2017 16:19 IST Black box of missing IAF Sukhoi-30 aircraft found May 29, 2017 11:33 IST Dealers in Muzaffarnagar ask Centre to roll back ban on cattle sale, purchase May 27, 2017 20:32 IST Musahars claim they were asked to take bath before Yogi Adityanath’s visit May 27, 2017 15:54 IST Kashmir organises first ever football coaching camp for deaf & mute kids May 27, 2017 14:26 IST interactives longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Hot Topics: ETFs | Smart Portfolio | Currencies | Online Broker Center   Our Businesses Tech Differentiate With Technology Trade Trade Multiple Asset Classes Track Track the Markets Intel Leverage Actionable Intelligence List Access Capital Listing Center Discover Discover Nasdaq Nasdaq Blog 2017 CNBC Disruptor 50 Learn more about the CNBC Disruptor 50 Quotes Quotes Quotes & Research Flash Quotes InfoQuotes Summary Quotes Real-time Quotes Extended Trading Options Trading Center Historical Quotes Charts Basic Charts Interactive Charts Companies Company News Press Releases Market Stream Company List Nasdaq Companies Stock Analysis Analyst Research Guru Analysis Stock Reports Competitors Fundamentals Financials Revenue/EPS SEC Filings Short Interest Dividend History Holdings Ownership Summary Institutional Holdings Insiders Form 4 Markets Extended Hours Pre-Market Activity After Hours Activity Stocks Most Active Unusual Volume 52 Week High/Low Upcoming Splits New SEC Filings IPO Summary Earnings Calendar Dividend Stocks Sector Analysis Commodities Gold Oil Analyst Activity Upgrades/Downgrades Forecast Changes Earning Surprises Indices Major Stock Indices Market Sector Indices Statistical Milestones Global Markets News Company News Market Headlines Market Stream Economic Calendar Business Video Technology News Featured Article 2 Top Virtual-Reality Stocks to Buy in 2017 AR and VR spending is expected to hit $143 billion in 2020 Investing How to Invest Investing Basics Broker Comparison Glossary Stocks Mutual Funds Investing Tools Stock Screener Guru Screener   Financial Advisor Center Advanced Investing ETFs Forex Forex Broker Comparison Wealth Management Options Bonds Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate Banking Insurance Saving Money Taxes Investments Small Business Featured Article Disturbing Percentage Of Americans Fear Never Being Able To Retire Healthcare costs have a huge impact My Nasdaq Stock Ratings My Ratings Smart Portfolio Overview My Holdings My Portfolio Analysis Crowd Insights My Performance Customize Your Experience Join the NASDAQ Community today and get free, instant access to portfolios, stock ratings, real-time alerts, and more! Join Today Already a member? Login Search RPT-ANALYSIS-New Russian jet heralds carbon manufacturing shake-up May 30, 2017, 02:00:00 AM EDT By Reuters Reuters 
(Repeats Monday's story with no changes to text)
    * MS-21 first jetliner using composite wings without
autoclaves
    * Move foreshadows changes in the way many jets may be built
    * Boeing pondering same technology for possible mid-market
plane
    * Upcoming technology choices to shape jet industry for
decades

    By Tim HepherPARIS, May 29 (Reuters) - Russia's new jetliner, which
conducted its maiden flight on Sunday, may have a hard time
challenging the sales duopoly of Boeing and Airbus, but it does
point the way to radical changes in how they could be building
jets in the future.
    The MS-21, a new single aisle airliner produced by Russia'sUnited Aircraft Corporation, is the first passenger plane borne
aloft by lightweight carbon-composite wings built without a
costly pressurised oven called an autoclave.
    The manufacturing process provides a test for a technology
already being assessed by Western rivals, who are looking for
cheaper and faster ways to build some of their aircaft with
composites, according to aerospace executives and suppliers.
    Even as it sets up the world's largest autoclaves to make
wings for its giant 777X, Boeing is exploring alternatives for
its "New Midsize Airplane" (NMA), in the middle of the market
between its big wide-body jets and best-selling 737.
    "There's a good chance part of the NMA will be built without
 autoclaves," a person familiar with the project said.
    A Boeing spokesman said it was studying mid-market
opportunities and declined further comment.
    Sources say Boeing's choice of technology for its
two-aircraft NMA family will lay the foundation for the next
generation of its money-spinning 737, expected to appear from
2030 and last well into the second half of the century.
    Boeing has not yet discussed this part of its strategy
publicly, but industry sources said it may include a trio of
jets seating 160 to 210 people and built using broadly the same
production system as the one developed for the NMA.
    Both families of planes are likely to be built for 30 years
and stay in service for another 20-30. So today's technology
choices represent a colossal 75-year bet.
    Airbus too is monitoring the technology as it considers how
to respond to Boeing's mid-market jet, CNN reported last month.
Airbus has declined to comment on the report.

    PIVOTAL DECISION
    Composites have been used in aviation since the 1970s but
achieved a breakthrough in the past decade as the Boeing 787
Dreamliner and Airbus A350 entered service, promising to save
money on fuel by replacing most metal parts with lighter carbon.
    Those are long-haul jets, which means that the savings on
fuel are worthwhile even though the planes are expensive to
build. For short-haul planes that burn less fuel, like the NMA
or future 737, it is more important to find cheaper ways to
build them, and avoiding the need for autoclaves could help.
    Betting on technology that does not require an autoclave is
a gamble also for composite suppliers like U.S.-based Hexcel
<HXL.N>, Solvay <SOLB.BR> of Belgium and Toray <3402.T> of
Japan, whose share of aerospace manufacturing is growing.
    At a recent JEC composites fair in Paris, Hexcel and Solvay
showcased out-of-autoclave prototype parts as they gear up to
supply manufacturers on a bigger scale.
    "It's one of the big questions now in aerospace: how to
produce out-of-autoclave on a large scale and at high speeds,"
said Henri Girardy, business development manager at Hexcel
Composites, adding jetmakers would accept no cut in performance.
    Boeing's Dreamliner and the Airbus A350 are built from
carbon fibre already impregnated with resin, called "prepreg",
which is supplied to jetmakers, tailored by machines into plane
parts and cured inside giant pressure-cooking autoclaves.
    Analysts say these parts cost around 30-40 percent more to
produce than aluminium.
    Under the new technology, instead of using fibre that is
pre-impregnated with resin, parts are made from a dry-fibre
engineered textile which is placed in a mould and then infused
with resin under a vacuum.
    The parts can then be cured in an oven without pressure, a
process estimated to cost 25 percent more than metal.
Ultimately, that gap needs to narrow significantly or disappear.
    Boatbuilders and windfarm makers have used this method for
years. Secondary airplane parts have also been made that way.
    But although Canada's Bombardier partly used the technique
for its CSeries, it was rare for flight-critical parts before
the designers of the new Russian plane chose it for the wing.
    The MS-21 has yet to score large sales but has been able to
catch onto the latest manufacturing wave at a time when Western
giants are starting to think beyond their recently upgraded
models to future designs.
    "This is an excellent technology demonstrator because it is
on a real programme and a primary-structure part," said Frank
Nickisch, global director of strategic projects at Solvay
Composite Materials, which provided materials for the MS-21.
    He noted that the wings on the MS-21 are of comparable size
to a Boeing 737 or Airbus A320.
    Still, more needs to be done to bring down costs. And
composite firms are not yet ready to support output at speeds
planemakers have in mind.
    Industry sources say Boeing is expected to build 20-30 of
its proposed mid-market planes a month, about twice the rate for
the 787. Future 737 and A320 replacements are likely to be
closer to the 60-80 mark.
    Nickisch said the proposed new Boeing middle-market aircraft
would be a good test case for whether the industry can switch to
a higher tempo using the widely expected composites.
    Yet tough planemaker targets on cost, performance and output
require progress on three fronts: cheaper materials, wider
automation and computer simulation to ensure new technology
works first time, following widespread delays with new jet
programmes.
    "Prepreg technology has been developing for 40 years, based
on day-to-day knowledge. But to bring in a new process we need
to be able to predict it first, with databanks," Girardy said.

    <^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
Russia squares up to Boeing, Airbus with maiden jet flight
[nL8N1IU0D9]
Airbus looks to upgrades to counter Boeing's new mid-market jet
  [nL8N1I90GW]
GRAPHIC: How single-aisle jets compare     http://tmsnrt.rs/2qyEV0W
    ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^>
 (Writing by Tim Hepher; Editing by Peter Graff)
 ((tim.hepher@thomsonreuters.com; +33 1 49 49 54 52; Reuters
Messaging: tim.hepher.thomsonreuters@reuters.net))

Keywords: AEROSPACE COMPOSITES/ (REPEAT, ANALYSIS, PIX, GRAPHIC)
 This article appears in: Stocks , World Markets , Politics Referenced Symbols: 3402 , HXL , SOLB More from Reuters Subscribe Related stocks Articles Subscribe Melco's Lawrence Ho on Reasons for Split with James Packer's Crown 5/31/2017 02:22 AM When Will Stocks Perk Up? 5/31/2017 01:30 AM Warren Buffett's Top 4 Tips For Everyday Investors 5/31/2017 01:00 AM See headlines for 3402 Follow on: Most Popular Highest Rated RPT-Russia squares up to Boeing, Airbus with maiden jet flight Veneto banks' senior bonds hurt by "bail in" worries after Wednesday Bristow Group Inc. (BRS) Has Fallen To A 6-Month Low After Q4 Loss Inovio HIV Vaccine Elicits Nearly 100% Immune Response Rates in a Nokia begins first key tests on 4.5GHz band with DOCOMO to develop 5G China's Interest and Investment in Ethereum's Blockchain Expands Hub Group Announces the Acquisition of Estenson Logistics View All Highest Rated Research Brokers before you trade Compare Online Brokers Want to trade FX? Visit our Forex Broker Center  Stocks Referenced HXL 100% Rate It NASDAQ.com Company News/ Annual Report/ Contact/ Careers/ Advertise on Nasdaq.com|  Mobile Version Terms of Use/ Privacy Policy/ Sitemap/ Glossary/ General Feedback/ CLOSEX Edit Favorites Enter up to 25 symbols separated by commas or spaces in the text box below. These symbols will be available during your session for use on applicable pages. Update Clear List CLOSEX Customize your NASDAQ.com experience Background Color Selector Select the background color of your choice:  Black  Slate Gray  Light Gray  Gray Blue Quote Search Select a default target page for your quote search:  Real-Time  After Hours  Pre-Market  News  Flash Quote  Summary Quote  Interactive Charts  Default Setting Please note that once you make your selection, it will apply to all future visits to NASDAQ.com. If, at any time, you are interested in reverting to our default settings, please select Default Setting above. If you have any questions or encounter any issues in changing your default settings, please email isfeedback@nasdaq.com. CLOSEX Please confirm your selection: You have selected to change your default setting for the Quote Search. This will now be your default target page; unless you change your configuration again, or you delete your cookies. Are you sure you want to change your settings? YES NO CLOSEX Please disable your ad blocker (or update your settings to ensure that javascript and cookies are enabled), so that we can continue to provide you with the first-rate market news and data you've come to expect from us. CLOSEX
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 45-59 We set you thinking Wednesday 31 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Arts Arts Reviews Arts Listings State of the Arts Artlanders The A List Special Television Movies Movie Reviews Music Music Listings Music Reviews Celebrity TV Listings newstream Singapore Downtown Line 3 to open on Oct 21 1496213460 Singapore 22 people with disabilities receive SkillsFuture Study Award 1496213825 Entertainment Sgt Pepper at 50: Still full of joy and whimsy 1496213818 Lifestyle SilkAir to launch non-stop flights between Singapore and Hiroshima 1496155320 Business China steel PMI rises to one-year high in May; risks rising 1496210826 Business China May factory activity holds up on boost from steel, construction 1496210826 World Japan PM says he wants to work with China to resolve North Korea crisis 1496210317 World Huge car bomb near embassies in Afghan capital kills or wounds dozens 1496208618 Business Asia stocks cap fifth month of gains on China relief; sterling slips 1496208825 Singapore Brothel operator to hang for bludgeoning pimp to death 1496202540 Business Toshiba unable to present audited results at end-June shareholders meeting 1496208217 Business 'Green' mutual funds bounce back after Trump-induced retreat 1496208365 Business Venezuelan opposition condemns Goldman for $2.8 billion bond deal 1496191638 World At least 67 wounded in Kabul car bomb blast: official 1496207207 Singapore NKF appoints new CEO, 6 months after sacking former chief for ‘personal indiscretion’ 1496201760 China&India Chinese gang refill empty cans of Budweiser with 'beer' from a plastic tub 1496206380 World Indonesian ‘rainbow village’ is internet sensation 1496204818 Business Exxon steps up efforts to sway shareholders on climate-report vote 1496203771 World South Korea defense ministry 'intentionally dropped' THAAD units in report: Blue House 1496203602 China&India South-east Asia finds China love as Xi pushes One Belt, One Road 1496189760 China&India Daughter in Hong Kong incest case had sex with father so he would not marry his fiancée, court hears 1496190420 Singapore Web app helps parents, students narrow down school choices 1496144580 Entertainment Crazy Rich Asians movie, set in Singapore, 'will make history': Author Kevin Kwan 1496200620 World Three Malaysian students in UK detained over Manchester blast probe 1496186220 World Activist probing Ivanka Trump's brands in China arrested: rights group 1496202158 Singapore S$4m study to help Singaporeans manage chronic conditions 1496174520 Sports Man Utd ranked as Europe's most valuable club 1496201220 Singapore Homegrown formula milk brand eyes bigger market share with affordable prices 1496174520 Business Singapore ranked most ‘digitally competitive’ in the world 1496174520 Singapore Man jailed for sexual assault of schoolgirl, 9, in broad daylight 1496158500 China&India Emirates tells cabin crew to remove Taiwan flag pins after Chinese government urges one-China compliance 1496201460 Singapore I.T. firm, cafe among companies that raised salaries 1496174520 Singapore Two charged after wrecking Teochew porridge stall 1496197800 World South Korea returns six North Koreans rescued at sea 1496201050 World Philippines urges Islamist rebels to surrender as battle enters eighth day 1496139369 World Ominous signs of an Asian hub for Islamic State in the Philippines 1496201162 Entertainment Apple Music sets Aug 8 as new release date for Carpool Karaoke 1496199424 World Free school meals help Indonesian children stand tall 1496199417 World Ghanaian woman, walking into Canada from U.S., dies of hypothermia: police 1496198757 Singapore Wake up to a better you 1496047620 Entertainment Olivia Newton-John reveals new cancer 25 years later 1496196124 World Mexico's top diplomat says Venezuela is no longer a democracy 1496195464 Business SGX partners with IMDA to spur IPOs 1496194921 Voices Breadth is crucial in lifelong learning 1496194325 Business Uber fires self-driving car chief at center of court case 1496181732 World Battle over pipeline to divide Canada's left, weigh on Trudeau 1496191381 Business Wall Street slips as energy, financials lose ground 1496175150 Singapore Fatten up your brain 1495792080 Singapore A gut feeling 1495791180 Sports Eleven Sports Network criticised for EPL match choices, streaming quality 1496174520 Celebrity John Travolta donates his Qantas plane to Australia museum A file photo of a Qantas Boeing 707 jetliner. Hollywood star John Travolta has donated his 707 to an Australian aviation museum. Photo: AFP mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 11:15 AM, May 30, 2017 SYDNEY — Hollywood star John Travolta has donated his Boeing 707 plane to an Australian aviation museum and is aiming to be part of the crew to deliver the vintage aircraft. Made for Qantas Airways in 1964, the Hollywood actor, who is a qualified pilot, acquired the jet when Australia’s national carrier retired it more than 30 years later. “It gives me great pleasure to make this exciting historical announcement that my beloved Boeing 707 aircraft has been donated to the Historical Aircraft Restoration society (HARS),” Travolta, a Qantas ambassador since 2002, said in a statement. Australian aircraft preservation organisation HARS will help restore the plane so it can make the journey from the United States to their base some 145km from Sydney. A date for the flight is not yet fixed but the actor, a long-time aviation buff, said he plans to be on it. “The aircraft currently requires a lot of work to be restored to a safe flying state and having seen first hand the dedication and passion of people at HARS, I have no doubt this beautiful and historical aircraft will be flying again,” Travolta said. “I am hoping to be part of the crew to fly the aircraft to Australia.” HARS President Bob De La Hunty said the idea was first floated when he met Travolta in 2009 and the pair flew a Qantas 1955 Super Constellation aircraft along Australia’s east coast. “We share a mutual respect for old airplanes and flying and at that stage we were keen to suggest to him that if he ever wanted to part with his Boeing 707 we would be very interested in it,” De La Hunty told broadcaster ABC. “When we heard earlier this year that he was looking at possibly not continuing with his Boeing 707, we made contact. He jumped at the idea and so we’ve been in detailed discussions and negotiations since.” Boeing 707s dominated passenger aircraft in the 1960s, helping usher in an era of long-range travel which had previously been dominated by rail and sea. AFP mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Entertainment READ COMMENTED “The Noose” returns with a bang ‘X-Men’ director Bryan Singer accused of sexual assault ‘Wherefore art thou, @RomeoRomeo?’ ‘We survived a war!’: 70 years of The Stage Club ‘Wayang’ takes centre stage in new Singapore film ‘Baywatch’: A romp full of surf, sand and lots of skin What is it really like to be The Sam Willows? Tom Cruise says Top Gun 2 in the works Tay Kewei, Alfred Sim to star in Sing.Lang concert Student arrested for scam involving Coldplay and Ed Sheeran concert tickets Stephen Colbert off the hook and up the charts Star Wars new images include touching shot of Carrie Fisher, Billie Lourd Something’s abuzz at Waterloo Street: A burgeoning indie arts scene Sgt Pepper at 50: Still full of joy and whimsy Review: Wonder Woman film and star live up to the name Inside Today World Japan PM says he wants to work with China to resolve North Korea crisis Huge car bomb near embassies in Afghan capital kills or wounds dozens At least 67 wounded in Kabul car bomb blast: official Indonesian ‘rainbow village’ is internet sensation South Korea defense ministry 'intentionally dropped' THAAD units in report: Blue House Business China steel PMI rises to one-year high in May; risks rising China May factory activity holds up on boost from steel, construction Asia stocks cap fifth month of gains on China relief; sterling slips 'Green' mutual funds bounce back after Trump-induced retreat Toshiba unable to present audited results at end-June shareholders meeting Sports Man Utd ranked as Europe's most valuable club Climbers, ice-skaters win their first SOF-Peter Lim Scholarships China’s table tennis coach suspended over MBS debt Eleven Sports Network criticised for EPL match choices, streaming quality Stephan Widmer new head coach of S’pore swimming Entertainment Crazy Rich Asians movie, set in Singapore, 'will make history': Author Kevin Kwan Apple Music sets Aug 8 as new release date for Carpool Karaoke Olivia Newton-John reveals new cancer 25 years later Nathan Hartono claims woman in Edmund Chen case tried to scam him Review: Wonder Woman film and star live up to the name About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Log In Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Boeing puts 737 up against small business jets for $6.9B defense contract Originally published May 29, 2017 at 8:00 pm Updated May 29, 2017 at 9:53 pm Boeing is pitching to the Pentagon a 737-based replacement for the 17-aircraft fleet of JSTARS jets, used for surveillance of ground forces in a combat zone and to target enemy positions. The rivals are two high-end business jets. The contract may lead to further lucrative work. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter For a vital aircraft that will fly above distant battlefields, the Air Force will choose between Goliath and two Davids. One is a jet originally designed to carry around 135 passengers, the two others built to carry fewer than 20 people. With a $6.9 billion deal on the line, a militarized version of Boeing’s Renton-built 737 jet is going up against the Gulfstream G550 and the Bombardier Global 6000 high-end business jets for a special-mission contract to be awarded as early as this fall. The 17 JSTARS jets at issue will be stuffed with high-tech military radar and computer-analysis equipment. Most Read Stories Garfield teacher pepper-sprayed by Seattle police to receive $100,000 settlement  WATCH Young father run down, killed in Grays Harbor County campground confrontation Swedish double-booked its surgeries, and the patients didn't know | Quantity of Care Backing out of wedding means owning decision | Dear Carolyn Tesla’s Model X misses out on nation’s SUV hungerSale! Get 90% off digital access. The planes are heavily used in combat zones for surveillance of ground forces and to target enemy positions. The current JSTARS fleet is now active in strikes on the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. Boeing hopes a JSTARS win could incline the Air Force to choose the 737 to replace more than 100 different types of special-mission aircraft in its inventory — contracts that are lucrative far beyond the mere number of 737s involved. But the competition from Savannah, Georgia-based Gulfstream and Canada’s Bombardier is formidable. For special missions, air forces around the world are increasingly selecting business jets that fly higher, faster and further than airliners. The U.S. Air Force initially chose the Gulfstream for a separate electronic-jamming plane code-named Compass Call, although Boeing this month formally challenged that process. Fred Smith, director of global sales and marketing at Boeing Military Aircraft, dismisses the business jets as “a great solution for countries with smaller air forces and navies.” As for the U.S., he said, “for a bigger mission, you need a bigger airplane.” JSTARS 737 virtual tour In a conference room inside Boeing’s former Space Center in Kent, now a hive of different defense programs, a reporter donned a virtual-reality visor to take a look at a virtual mock-up of the jet maker’s 737 JSTARS contender. JSTARS stands for Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System. It’s a joint Air Force and Army system, revolving around a massive, long-range radar that monitors what’s happening on the ground in a battle zone. The virtual mock-up shows the radar hidden in a canoe-shaped bump about 20 feet long under the jet’s fuselage. Inside the virtual airplane, operators seated at 10 stations toward the rear of the aircraft monitored large computer screens, analyzing the radar data and communicating with U.S. forces. Aft of the stations, large metal cabinets housed the computer servers and other equipment. Forward of them was a robust printer and a “mission table,” with a tabletop computer display screen of the battle zone. At the front of the cabin, immediately behind the flight deck, was a crew rest area for long-endurance missions and extra seats. Then Smith showed off a Boeing marketing trick, designed to impress upon the Air Force why size matters. With a click of a button, an arc of light sliced through the virtual cabin, superimposing upon Boeing’s mock-up another cabin wall that cut off half the computer stations. “That’s the G550 fuselage,” Smith said. Highflying G550 The Gulfstream jet is proposed by a team led by defense firm Northrop Grumman and L3 Technologies, a leading integrator of military electronics. L3 is the lead system integrator role on the Compass Call contract and is set to choose the aircraft for that program — Boeing’s protest of the contracting process centers on L3’s close collaboration with Gulfstream. L3 integrated the intelligence, surveillance and reconnaissance mission systems on G550s sold to Australia, Israel and Singapore and for other special-mission models sold to Japan and Germany. Northrop is the prime contractor on the current JSTARS fleet. First deployed in combat during the first Iraq war in 1991, those jets are all converted 707 airliners — now with an average age of 48 years and ripe for replacement with something more efficient. Alan Metzger, Northrop’s vice president for surveillance and targeting systems, said in an interview that though the Air Force needed a 707-sized jet to house all the equipment when the original JSTARS contract was awarded in 1985, a smaller business jet is appropriate today because the technology has all been miniaturized. “I don’t understand why you need a 135-passenger aircraft to carry around 10 Air Force operators,” Metzger said. Northrop bought a G550 and outfitted it with the current JSTARS mission equipment to demonstrate not only that the jet was big enough and met all requirements but that it had sufficient margin for any anticipated future growth. The key advantage of the business-jet solution is performance, he said. The G550 will fly hundreds of miles farther than a 737 and burn less fuel. It’s so much lighter it can take off from a shorter runway, giving it access to almost twice as many bases around the world, Metzger said. And the G550’s standard flight ceiling is 51,000 feet, compared with 41,000 feet for the 737. That matters when you are beaming radar down into a mountainous region such as, say, Afghanistan. At lower altitudes, a mountain peak up ahead may be in the way. As the plane flies higher, it has a direct line of sight into more of the landscape below. “You’ll see less if you have to look through rock, instead of over it,” Metzger said. Global 6000 foreign sales The third JSTARS contender, offering the Bombardier business jet as the platform, is a team led by defense giant Lockheed Martin, partnered with electronics and mission-systems integrator Raytheon. Raytheon is separately bidding against Northrop to provide the high-tech radar equipment on the JSTARS plane and all three contenders are ready to offer whichever radar system wins. The Bombardier Global 6000 is larger than the G550, both longer and with a wider cabin, yet still about half the weight of the smallest 737. The U.S. Air Force uses a Global 6000 for its E-11 special-mission jet, which is an airborne node for relaying battlefield communications. And the Bombardier jet too has won a series of foreign military orders, said Stephane Villeneuve, Bombardier’s vice president of specialized aircraft. It’s the platform for the U.K.’s Sentinel reconnaissance fleet, AWACS aircraft for the United Arab Emirates, intelligence-gathering aircraft for India and maritime-patrol aircraft for Israel. “In the international market, people are going to a business jet for all the missions we are describing here,” Villeneuve said. 737 cost effectiveness That trend threatens Boeing’s hope of extending its line of modified commercial jets for the military by replacing all the U.S. Air Force special-mission aircraft with 737-based models. Most of the existing planes are aging 707-based platforms, with a variety of missions and each with its own strangely opaque code name, including: • Cobra Ball, a fleet of three aircraft that collect data on ballistic-missile launches. • Rivet Joint, a 17-strong fleet of aircraft that gather and analyze military-electronic signals. • Constant Phoenix, a two-aircraft fleet that collects atmospheric data from nuclear tests. The Gulfstream and Bombardier jets each cost just over $60 million at list prices, some $20 million cheaper than the Boeing 737 model on offer. And they do burn a lot less fuel than the big jet. Nevertheless, one of Boeing’s major arguments is that the Air Force will save money on a fleet of 737s because maintenance and operational costs are so much lower. There are more than 9,000 of its 737s in service around the world, Boeing argues, with spare parts available anywhere in the world within 24 hours and with a tremendous reliability record that minimizes downtime. Smith compares the Air Force’s options to someone looking to repair a Ford truck rather than a fancy sports car. “There’s a maintenance shop on every corner,” he said. “It’s extremely cost competitive.” He cited U.S. Defense Department data showing that when maintenance costs are included, the total operational cost of a 737 used to ferry around top military brass is about half that of a G550-based Air Force jet used for the same purpose. Rod Meranda, Boeing’s sales and marketing lead for the JSTARS program, contends that the Air Force also takes on less risk if it goes with Boeing. For example, he said, neither the G550 nor the Global 6000 has ever been fitted with an in-flight refueling capability — a JSTARS requirement. “There’s a lot of risk taking a small airplane, cutting a hole in it and putting in in-flight refueling,” said Meranda. “How much will it take to test that, something that’s never been done before?” Boeing by contrast has already installed in-flight refueling on its 737-based fleet of P-8 Poseidon anti-submarine jets. The Air Force plans to weigh the cost, risk and performance of the three proposals on offer and choose the JSTARS replacement by year end. If Boeing were to win, the necessary military modifications to the airframe would likely be done during final assembly on the Renton production line — perhaps even on the same dedicated military line now churning out the P-8s. Where Boeing would then install the mission equipment, the radar and all the computers, is unclear. Still, for Renton, a Boeing JSTARS win would be significant and worth more than just 17 airplanes. It would indicate a high likelihood of further special-mission aircraft contracts later. First though, Goliath has to beat the Davids. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Space odyssey: UW, WSU students building tiny satellites (think Kleenex box-size) Previous Story Aerospace tax incentives saved Boeing $242 million last year Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
   FOLLOW PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION LOGIN / REGISTER press enter to search LOGIN / REGISTER PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news NEWS politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY COMMUNITY Youth OPINION OPINION ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS LIFESTYLE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ARTS & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS FOOD BOOKS TRAVEL TRAVEL News Destinations VIDEO VIDEO VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS follow JPLUS     LOGIN / REGISTER LOGIN / REGISTER PREMIUM SUBSCRIPTION HOME LIFESTYLE entertainment arts & culture technology people health parents food books Video follow JPLUS     most viewed Why an apple a day keeps the doctor away Rich Chigga chats with Pharrell on US radio Halal soy sauce being developed with help of Muslim students Reusable Tasini bag seeks to protect oceans from plastics Ramadhan recipe: Fairmont Jakarta’s spaghetti carbonara Art & Culture Travolta donates his Qantas plane to Australia museum News Desk Agence France-Presse Sydney, Australia | Tue, May 30, 2017 | 08:35 am Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Shares  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    A file photo taken on July 12, 2002, shows Hollywood star and Qantas "Ambassador-at-Large" John Travolta, standing in front of his Boeing 707 at Sydney Airport. Travolta has donated his "beloved" Boeing 707 plane to an Australian aviation museum and is aiming to be part of the crew to deliver the vintage aircraft down under. Made for Qantas Airways in 1964, Travolta acquired the Boeing 707 long after Australia's national carrier retired the jet. (AFP/Greg Wood) Hollywood star John Travolta has donated his "beloved" Boeing 707 plane to an Australian aviation museum and is aiming to be part of the crew to deliver the vintage aircraft. Made for Qantas Airways in 1964, the "Saturday Night Fever" heartthrob and qualified pilot acquired the jet when Australia's national carrier retired it more than 30 years later.  "It gives me great pleasure to make this exciting historical announcement that my beloved Boeing 707 aircraft has been donated to the Historical Aircraft Restoration society (HARS)," Travolta, a Qantas ambassador since 2002, said in a statement. Australian aircraft preservation organisation HARS will help restore the plane so it can make the journey from the United States to their base some 90 miles (145 kilometres) from Sydney.  A date for the flight is not yet fixed but the actor, a long-time aviation buff, said he plans to be on it.  Read also: Dresses that tell a story: Princess Diana's life in fashion "The aircraft currently requires a lot of work to be restored to a safe flying state and having seen first hand the dedication and passion of people at HARS, I have no doubt this beautiful and historical aircraft will be flying again," Travolta said. "I am hoping to be part of the crew to fly the aircraft to Australia." HARS President Bob De La Hunty said the idea was first floated when he met Travolta in 2009 and the pair flew a Qantas 1955 Super Constellation aircraft along Australia's east coast. "We share a mutual respect for old airplanes and flying and at that stage we were keen to suggest to him that if he ever wanted to part with his Boeing 707 we would be very interested in it," De La Hunty told broadcaster ABC. "When we heard earlier this year that he was looking at possibly not continuing with his Boeing 707, we made contact. He jumped at the idea and so we've been in detailed discussions and negotiations since." Boeing 707s dominated passenger aircraft in the 1960s, helping usher in an era of long-range travel which had previously been dominated by rail and sea. Tags : John-Travolta,Qantas,Museum,Australia,airplane,aviation follow JPLUS     Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Hot Stories Food 22 hours ago Ramadhan recipe: Fairmont Jakarta’s spaghetti carbonara Environment 22 hours ago Reusable Tasini bag seeks to protect oceans from plastics Entertainment 1 day ago Illusionist Demian Aditya to appear on 'America’s Got Talent' NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2017 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices New Russian jet heralds carbon manufacturing shake-up Reuters By Tim Hepher 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL British Airways shifts to recovery mode after weekend fiasco Disney World, Universal Orlando go through growing pains © REUTERS A view shows an An MS-21 medium-range passenger plane during a flight in Irkutsk Russia's new jetliner, which conducted its maiden flight on Sunday, may have a hard time challenging the sales duopoly of Boeing and Airbus, but it does point the way to radical changes in how they could be building jets in the future. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 186.88 +0.29 +0.16% Hexcel Corp HXL ▼ 50.25 -0.41 -0.81% The MS-21, a new single aisle airliner produced by Russia's United Aircraft Corporation, is the first passenger plane borne aloft by lightweight carbon-composite wings built without a costly pressurized oven called an autoclave. The manufacturing process provides a test for a technology already being assessed by Western rivals, who are looking for cheaper and faster ways to build some of their aircraft with composites, according to aerospace executives and suppliers. Even as it sets up the world's largest autoclaves to make wings for its giant 777X, Boeing is exploring alternatives for its "New Midsize Airplane" (NMA), in the middle of the market between its big wide-body jets and best-selling 737. "There's a good chance part of the NMA will be built without autoclaves," a person familiar with the project said. A Boeing spokesman said it was studying mid-market opportunities and declined further comment. Sources say Boeing's choice of technology for its two-aircraft NMA family will lay the foundation for the next generation of its money-spinning 737, expected to appear from 2030 and last well into the second half of the century. Load Error Boeing has not yet discussed this part of its strategy publicly, but industry sources said it may include a trio of jets seating 160 to 210 people and built using broadly the same production system as the one developed for the NMA. Both families of planes are likely to be built for 30 years and stay in service for another 20-30. So today's technology choices represent a colossal 75-year bet. Airbus too is monitoring the technology as it considers how to respond to Boeing's mid-market jet, CNN reported last month. Airbus has declined to comment on the report. PIVOTAL DECISION Composites have been used in aviation since the 1970s but achieved a breakthrough in the past decade as the Boeing 787 Dreamliner and Airbus A350 entered service, promising to save money on fuel by replacing most metal parts with lighter carbon. Those are long-haul jets, which means that the savings on fuel are worthwhile even though the planes are expensive to build. For short-haul planes that burn less fuel, like the NMA or future 737, it is more important to find cheaper ways to build them, and avoiding the need for autoclaves could help. Betting on technology that does not require an autoclave is a gamble also for composite suppliers like U.S.-based Hexcel (HXL.N), Solvay (SOLB.BR) of Belgium and Toray (3402.T) of Japan, whose share of aerospace manufacturing is growing. At a recent JEC composites fair in Paris, Hexcel and Solvay showcased out-of-autoclave prototype parts as they gear up to supply manufacturers on a bigger scale. "It's one of the big questions now in aerospace: how to produce out-of-autoclave on a large scale and at high speeds," said Henri Girardy, business development manager at Hexcel Composites, adding jetmakers would accept no cut in performance. Boeing's Dreamliner and the Airbus A350 are built from carbon fiber already impregnated with resin, called "prepreg", which is supplied to jetmakers, tailored by machines into plane parts and cured inside giant pressure-cooking autoclaves.© REUTERS/Christian Hartmann Belgian chemicals group Solvay displays a prototype aircraft wing skin made using alternative resin-infusion production methods without a traditional autoclave at the JEC World exhibition at Villepinte Analysts say these parts cost around 30-40 percent more to produce than aluminum. Under the new technology, instead of using fiber that is pre-impregnated with resin, parts are made from a dry-fiber engineered textile which is placed in a mould and then infused with resin under a vacuum. The parts can then be cured in an oven without pressure, a process estimated to cost 25 percent more than metal. Ultimately, that gap needs to narrow significantly or disappear. Boatbuilders and windfarm makers have used this method for years. Secondary airplane parts have also been made that way. But although Canada's Bombardier partly used the technique for its CSeries, it was rare for flight-critical parts before the designers of the new Russian plane chose it for the wing. The MS-21 has yet to score large sales but has been able to catch onto the latest manufacturing wave at a time when Western giants are starting to think beyond their recently upgraded models to future designs. "This is an excellent technology demonstrator because it is on a real programme and a primary-structure part," said Frank Nickisch, global director of strategic projects at Solvay Composite Materials, which provided materials for the MS-21. He noted that the wings on the MS-21 are of comparable size to a Boeing 737 or Airbus A320.© REUTERS An MS-21 medium-range passenger plane, produced by Irkut Corporation, takes off in Irkutsk Still, more needs to be done to bring down costs. And composite firms are not yet ready to support output at speeds planemakers have in mind. Industry sources say Boeing is expected to build 20-30 of its proposed mid-market planes a month, about twice the rate for the 787. Future 737 and A320 replacements are likely to be closer to the 60-80 mark. Nickisch said the proposed new Boeing middle-market aircraft would be a good test case for whether the industry can switch to a higher tempo using the widely expected composites. Yet tough planemaker targets on cost, performance and output require progress on three fronts: cheaper materials, wider automation and computer simulation to ensure new technology works first time, following widespread delays with new jet programmes. "Prepreg technology has been developing for 40 years, based on day-to-day knowledge. But to bring in a new process we need to be able to predict it first, with databanks," Girardy said. For graphic on how single-aisle jets compare http://tmsnrt.rs/2qyEV0W (Writing by Tim Hepher; Editing by Peter Graff) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Ex-Oasis singer Liam honours UK bomb victims at emotional Manchester gig Reuters French embassy in Kabul damaged in car bomb attack - minister Reuters Wasps sign centre Juan de Jongh from Stormers Reuters Reuters View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Save $328.95 on a Surface Pro 4 Bundle Linksys Wi-Fi Range Extender, only $99.99 Students save 10% or more on select products The Huawei MateBook is stylish and powerful! Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman UAV Drones Market Size Local Supply, Import, Export, Local Consumption Analysis by 2022 Market Size Forecasters released a new research report of 120 pages on title ‘Global UAV Drones Market Professional Survey Report 2017’ with detailed analysis, forecast and strategies. The study covers important manufacturer such as including covering are Boeing, PARROT, 3DR This report studies UAV Drones in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Boeing, PARROT, 3DR, Titan Aerospace, AAI, Northrop Grumman Request a sample copy of UAV Drones Market Research Report @ marketsizeforecasters.com/get-sample/70607/?utm_source=OP… By types, the market can be split into Up To 25 Kg, Up To 150 Kg, Up To 600 Kg, Above 600 Kg By Application, the market can be split into Military UAV, Civilian UAV By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan, India Request Discount for UAV Drones Market Research Report @ marketsizeforecasters.com/enquire-for-discount/70607/?utm… Table of Contents in UAV Drones Market Research Report Industry Overview of UAV Drones Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of UAV Drones Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of UAV Drones Global UAV Drones Overall Market Overview UAV Drones Regional Market Analysis Global 2012-2017 UAV Drones Segment Market Analysis (by Type) Browse full table of contents and data tables For UAV Drones Market Report @ marketsizeforecasters.com/global-uav-drones-market Related Reports: – Global Aviation Actuation System Market 2017-2021 An aircraft actuator, like any other actuator systems, is a component of a machine which is responsible for moving or controlling a mechanism. It works in response to a control signal and a source of energy, which is usually of low magnitude. It can be of various kinds such as electric voltage or current and pneumatic or hydraulic pressure. marketsizeforecasters.com/global-aviation-actuation-syste… MarketSizeForecasters.com, a Skyline Market Research LLP brand, is an online aggregator of market research reports. MarketSizeForecasters.com offers a comprehensive collection of full length reports on global and regional markets in 100+ industry verticals. We have partnered with some of the leading business and market research publishing houses and regularly update our online library to offer wide range of reports to our customers. Market size forecasters The Green Suite #4594, Dover, DE 19901 United States Phone: 1-201-355-0868 US Toll Free: 1-866-764-2150 Email: sales@marketsizeforecasters.com Website: marketsizeforecasters.com/ NEWS: marketsizeforecasters.com/news This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIndustry, Real Estate & Construction Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dont Roll Out the Red Carpet for Vietnams Autocratic Leader Next PostNext New Study: Analysis of the Glyphosate Market to be more than USD 240 million for the period of 2015-2020 Search Recent Posts Healthcare IT Solutions Market: Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 Healthcare Supply Chain Management Market: Major Manufacturers, Growth Factors, Analysis & Forecast to 2021 United States Dorsomorphin Dihydrochloride Market growth rate, sales performance, revenue generation, and the rate of growth of the current 2017 Artillery Fire Control System Market to See Incredible Growth During 2017-2025 Industrial Fire Brigade Training Program and Services Market 2017-2021 – Trends, Drivers, Strategies, Applications and Competitive Landscape Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
ROS LBoard 1 Rafizi says sorry over ‘Florence Goh’ mix-up FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Passenger plane overshoots runway in eastern Indonesia AFP | May 31, 2017 No one was hurt after the Boeing aircraft operated by domestic carrier Sriwijaya Air overshot the wet runway at the airport in Manokwari city, said transport ministry spokesman J. Adravida Barata. JAKARTA: A Indonesian passenger plane carrying 146 people skidded off the runway as it landed in the eastern Papua region Wednesday, an official said, the latest mishap to hit the country’s aviation sector. No one was hurt after the Boeing aircraft operated by domestic carrier Sriwijaya Air overshot the wet runway at the airport in Manokwari city, said transport ministry spokesman J. Adravida Barata. TV footage showed people being evacuated from the plane, as it rested on its belly on grass next to the runway. The airport will be closed for several hours so that the plane can be removed, Barata added. It is just the latest of many accidents for Indonesia’s air transport sector. In February, a Sriwijaya plane carrying 192 people from China to Bali was forced to turn back after the crew realised one of its doors was not properly closed. In the same month, a passenger plane operated by Indonesian flag carrier Garuda skidded off the runway as it landed at the airport serving the city of Yogyakarta in heavy rain. The aviation sector has been booming in recent years as a growing middle class increasingly use planes to get around the vast archipelago, but critics say safety standards have not kept pace with the expansion. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Sivarasa: No speech, just Ramadan wishes in mosque Indonesian ‘rainbow village’ is internet sensation Explore topics special ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Mahathir slams authorities for going after Lee Kim Yew Report: Students questioned in Manchester strongly opposed… S’pore takes exception to Utusan’s comments on… Sivarasa: No speech, just Ramadan wishes in mosque Train guns at Islam’s real enemy, Muslims told Ahmad Awang: Saya lawan Hadi atas desakan akar umbi PAS Melayu kami berjaya atas usaha sendiri, Singapura beritahu… Rafizi got the wrong Florence Goh, says MCA’s Wee Myanmar janitor hugs roommate after slashing him in Penang Zakir Naik seeking Malaysian citizenship, says report ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Selamat datang Ramadan (serta bufet, pembaziran dan tarawih kilat) The new silk road: Demons within, dragons without Stop making Ramadan a month of gluttony and wasteful spending Penulis jelaskan surat ajak bunuh Syiah Something terribly wrong if terrorists, spies can enter freely Mahathir’s premiership: A personal perspective More... FMT Bahasa Maaf saya silap, Rafizi dakwa keliru 2 ‘Florence Goh’ Nama sama, orangnya lain, Florence Goh beritahu Rafizi Benarkan kami berniaga, penjawat awam beritahu Najib Saya hanya ucap ‘Salam Ramadan’, kata Sivarasa Ahmad Awang: Saya lawan Hadi atas desakan akar umbi PAS Tidak cukup tidur punca kemalangan kakitangan hospital More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Military & Defense BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Americans still hold the US military in high regard, but one branch stood above the rest in a recent Gallup poll Jonah Bennett, Daily Caller News Foundation May 30, 2017, 11:03 PM 2,319 facebook linkedin twitter email print The KC-125, developed as a refueling tanker for the U.S. Air Force. Boeing/Handout via Reuters The military remains high in the U.S. public’s esteem, but Americans believe the Air Force in particular is the most important branch of the armed forces. A recent Gallup poll found that among 27 percent of Americans, the Air Force is the most important service, followed shortly after by the Army at 21 percent. Likely part of the reason for the Air Force’s top marks is that it’s been at the forefront of the fight against the Islamic State with regular airstrikes and reconnaissance flights. However, in terms of favorability, the Marine Corps slightly edges out the Air Force at 59 percent to 57 percent. Gallup also found that slightly more than three in four Americans who know something about the military services have favorable views of the military. Such views are consistent with previous Gallup polls surveying Americans’ views of public institutions. The military has topped the list every single time since 1998. A total of 72 percent of Americans have either “a great deal” or “quite a lot” of confidence over the past eight years in the armed forces. While other institutions have steadily lost public trust, the military stands out as nearly unchanged for the last 12 years, though confidence in the military is not uniform and is slightly lower among liberals and millennials. Gallup conducted this most recent poll from April 24 to May 2, using a random sample of 1,026 adults. The margin of error is plus or minus four percentage points with a confidence level of 95. Read the original article on Daily Caller News Foundation. Copyright 2017. Follow Daily Caller News Foundation on Twitter. More from Daily Caller News Foundation: SEE ALSO: If the Air Force can't stop losing pilots, it may force them to stay NOW WATCH: Former Navy SEAL commanders explain why they still wake up at 4:30 a.m. — and why you should, too Loading video... More: Air Force Military Poll Daily Caller News Foundation facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Americans still hold the US military in high regard, but one branch stood above the rest in a recent Gallup poll Americans still hold the US military in high regard, but one branch stood above the rest in a recent Gallup poll The military remains high in the U.S... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured HENRY BLODGET: Bitcoin could go to $1 million (or fall to $0) More "The Bottom Line" » First job, first car, first apartment: The smartest things to do with your money in your 20s More "Life Plan" » Military & Defense Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsWorld May 31, 2017 07:44 AM IST | Source: Reuters US proposes fining United Airlines $435,000 over 2014 flights The FAA alleged that in June 2014, United mechanics replaced a fuel pump pressure switch on the Boeing Co aircraft but failed to perform a required inspection before returning the aircraft to service. The US Federal Aviation Administration proposed fining United Airlines $435,000 for operating 23 flights in 2014 with a Boeing 787 that the government alleged was not in airworthy condition. The FAA alleged that in June 2014, United mechanics replaced a fuel pump pressure switch on the Boeing Co aircraft but failed to perform a required inspection before returning the aircraft to service.A United spokesman said, "The safety of our customers and employees is our top priority. We immediately took action after identifying the issue and are working closely with the FAA in their review." tags #United Airlines #US Federal Aviation Administration #World News Related news Business 'Made in China' could soon be made in the US May 31, 2017 11:49 AM Business Stay united even if a govt doubts need for Paris deal: UN chief May 31, 2017 11:33 AM Business Uber fires self-driving unit chief at centre of court case May 31, 2017 09:56 AM Business China manufacturing grew more than expected in May: Official survey May 31, 2017 08:46 AM Business Japan's factory output races in April to hit its highest level since 2008 May 31, 2017 08:44 AM Business PM Modi arrives in Spain on second leg of four-nation tour May 31, 2017 08:15 AM Business Analysts see more gains as Amazon shares break $1,000 May 31, 2017 07:35 AM Business US proposes fining United Airlines $435,000 over 2014 flights May 31, 2017 07:30 AM Business North Korea says ballistic missile test successful: Report May 30, 2017 10:26 AM News Most Popular Top News Early rains to shower hope for Sensex; top 10 stocks to chase this monsoon Tata Motors cuts up to 1,500 managerial jobs Mid & smallcap stocks crack; 10 stocks which can give up to 50% return This smallcap could pump more profits as it now starts to leverage its assets Stay with winning theme! 25 stocks rose up to 2000% in 5 years of top 5 midcap funds Market Live: Sensex, Nifty consolidate ahead of Q4 GDP data; M&M extends rally GDP estimates for FY17 to be revealed today: 4 things to watch out for Will Tiago be Tata Motors' first commercial e-vehicle? see more Video of the day Market punishing stocks whose valuations are not in sync with prices: Motilal Oswal Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Faizan Javed
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air Veterans California veteran, 95, gets final B-29 mission Published May 30, 2017 Fox News Facebook Twitter Email Print Jack Keane, a retired lieutenant colonel, once piloted B-24s and B-29s as a member of the U.S. Army Air Corp and U.S. Army Air Forces during World War II. Keene, 95, participated in 50 bombing missions and flew 100 missions transporting supplies over the Himalayas. Despite his lengthy resume, Keene got a chance to fly up in a Boeing B-29 one last time on April 29, according to The Orange County Register. 95-year-old Irvine veteran gets one more mission on a B-29 https://t.co/O3NpZjAQ05 pic.twitter.com/Z6xQPbRoZk— O.C. Register (@ocregister) May 30, 2017 As part of a fleet of World War II-era aircraft on the Commemorative Air Force AirPower History Tour, Keene flew in a Boeing B-29 Superfortress named FIFI at the Camarillo Airport. FIFI, along with one other remaining airworthy B-29, makes stops at airports throughout the country as part of the tour. VETERANS MAKE IT THEIR MISSION TO CLEAN UP HISTORIC CEMETERY Still, the flight didn’t go exactly as Keene would have preferred, his grandson told the Register. “He was very upset that he couldn’t fly the plane,” Grant Keene said. “Even told the pilot how many more (flying) hours he had than the guy.” The elder Keene received two Distinguished Unit Citations and multiple Air Medals during his time in the service. Going up in the B-29 allowed his family to get a glimpse into his experience as a pilot. “I always appreciated machinery and aircraft and I always loved my grandfather,” Grant Keene said. “For me it was a way to live through his experiences.” Advertisement Trending in US Mary Kay Letourneau's husband and former student reportedly files for separation US conducts successful missile intercept test, Pentagon says Christian geologist sues Grand Canyon for religious discrimination Mother, Good Samaritan die trying to save girl from raging river in Utah Illinois soldier gets airline ticket home, thanks to a stranger Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
EDITION US NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Horoscopes VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero Good News VIDEO NEWSLETTERS FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost MORE Books Candidate Confessional College Crime Divorce Eat the Press Education Green Outspeak Religion Small Business Sports Teen Weddings Arabi Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Greece India Italia Japan Korea Maghreb México Québec South Africa United Kingdom United States Close TRAVEL 05/30/2017 08:21 pm ET United May Get Fined $435,000 For Operating Plane That Wasn't 'Airworthy' The airline used that aircraft 23 times in 2014. By Suzy Strutner United Airlines seriously can’t catch a break.  The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration on Tuesday proposed fining United $435,000 for operating 23 flights in 2014 with a Boeing 787 that the government alleged was not in airworthy condition. The news comes about seven weeks after the fateful incident in which officers dragged a passenger off a plane when he refused to give up his seat for a United employee. The FAA alleged that back in June 2014, United mechanics replaced a fuel pump pressure switch on the Boeing aircraft but failed to perform a required inspection before returning the aircraft to service. A United spokesman said, “The safety of our customers and employees is our top priority. We immediately took action after identifying the issue and are working closely with the FAA in their review.” United has faced public backlash in the wake of April’s incident, which was followed by more public relations fiascos including the death of a large rabbit on a United flight. Last week, a gay dad said he planned to sue the airline after a flight attendant allegedly accused him of molesting his son. Reuters contributed to this report. ALSO ON HUFFPOST The 10 Best Coach-Class Airlines in the World The 10 Best Coach-Class Airlines in the World The 10 Best Coach-Class Airlines in the World 1 of 12 Best Overall Coach-Class Airline in North America: JetBlue Even after the current downgrading, JetBlue's extra legroom still beats any other airline. The de facto charge for a checked bag, at $15 over the minimum fare, is less than on most other airlines. The satellite-based Wi-Fi is free, at slow speeds, and $9 an hour for enough bandwidth to stream movies. And seats in JetBlue's Airbus planes are an inch wider than on any competitors' 737s. Related: 7 Embarrassing Travel Gadgets That Actually Work(Photo: JetBlue) Share this slide: Suggest a correction Suzy Strutner Lifestyle Editor, HuffPost MORE: U.S. News International News United Airlines Aviation Industry Physics Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW LIFESTYLE We’re basically your best friend… with better taste. Learn more Newsletter 1.67 M 431 K 479 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat United May Get Fined $435,000 For Operating Plane That Wasn't 'Airworthy' CONVERSATIONS ABOUT US ADVERTISE About Our Ads Contact Us RSS FAQ Careers Archive User Agreement Privacy Policy Comment Policy Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost Lifestyle
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Amazon (AMZN) briefly touches $1,000 per share for the first time >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > 3 Big Stock Charts for Tuesday: Boeing Co (BA), Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) and Abbott Laboratories (ABT) ABT, BA and CAT stock are all ready to break higher May 30, 2017, 11:00 am EDT  |  By Johnson Research Group     The market has been able to maintain its low-volatility trend move higher as we get into what are typically the more quiet days of summer trading. Abbott Laboratories (NYSE:ABT), Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) and Caterpillar Inc. (NYSE:CAT) are three of the large-cap companies on our technical radar screens today as all three companies are part of the market’s melt-up as stocks continue to push to new highs. Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Abbott stock surged on Friday with relatively heavy volume, pushing the stock towards a bullish technical trigger. ABT shares were pushed forward on a break above the stock’s 50-day moving average. This initiated a technical buy signal and thus the heavy volume. The move came close to seeing Abbott shares break above their top Bollinger Band, a move that would have accelerated and extended the rally of this biotech company. ABT stock will run into a little resistance at $45 from past chart resistance and the fact that the top Bollinger Band still resides at this price. A move above $45 will give traders a boost of confidence that this market leader is ready to take it to the next level with a price target of $50 from there. Boeing Co (BA) The continued political headlines have caused many of the air and defense stocks to start seeing selling as doubt over the Administration’s agenda, including defense spending, grew unsteady. This was the fundamental reason for the weakness in Boeing stock through March and April. After this consolidation, BA shares are beginning to build momentum again as the stock is headed towards $200 with a head of steam building. Chart watchers have been eyeing $185 as historical resistance as the stock has been stopped in its ascent at that price a number of times. Now, the break above this price has traders increasing their volume trading on Boeing. From a short-term perspective, BA shares are likely to become overbought as they approach $200. That will combine with the round-numbered resistance that comes naturally from a price point like $200. Expect to see the stock pause due to these factors. However, Boeing should be able to make a momentum move through this price and continue its leadership role in the market. Caterpillar Inc. (CAT) Another group of companies that have been affected by doubt around the Trump administration’s ability to move their agenda forward are the heavy machinery industrial companies. Caterpillar shares declined more than 10% into a short-term bottom in May, giving investors an opportunity to buy this stock “on sale”.  CAT shares have regained their price of $105 and are wrestling with chart resistance in trying to break higher. Short interest in the latest report showed that the bears have been selling out of their positions, helping to fuel the rally higher. The short interest of 4.0 now indicates that we’ve probably seen the majority of short covering help the stock higher. Look for a little rest as the stock takes a breather before breaking above $105, but from there, the momentum will move this heavy equipment manufacturer higher towards the $115-mark. As of this writing, Johnson Research Group did not hold a position in any of the aforementioned securities. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/3-big-stock-charts-for-tuesday-boeing-co-ba-caterpillar-inc-cat-and-abbott-laboratories-abt/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 5 Stocks to Sell in June The 3 Best Marijuana Stocks to Buy Now 5 Fit-as-a-Fiddle Restaurant Stocks 4 Under-the-Radar Defense Stocks to Buy for Big, Showy Profits Starbucks Investors Should Be Worried 10 High-Tech Graduation Gifts for 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 5 Stocks to Sell in June The 3 Best Marijuana Stocks to Buy 4 Under-the-Radar Defense Stocks to Buy for Big, Showy Profits 5 Restaurant Stocks That Are Fit as a Fiddle 3 Active Vanguard Funds That You Can’t Ignore Most Popular 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 4 Tech Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy for 12 Months of Retirement Income Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Is Heading to $80 Is It Time to Bail on Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock? Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# 3 years of Modi govt Manchester terror attack Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News World News U.S. proposes fining United $435,000 over 2014 flights Shares0 Wed, 31 May 2017-01:45am , Reuters The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration on Tuesday proposed fining United Airlines $435,000 for operating 23 flights in 2014 with a Boeing 787 that the government alleged was not in airworthy condition. The FAA alleged that in June 2014, United mechanics replaced a fuel pump pressure switch on the Boeing Co aircraft but failed to perform a required inspection before returning the aircraft to service. A United spokesman said, "The safety of our customers and employees is our top priority. We immediately took action after identifying the issue and are working closely with the FAA in their review." (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Bangladesh: Nowhere to go for Rohingya refugees after cyclone Mora wrecks camps World Activists probing Ivanka Trump's brands in China arrested, missing: Labour rights group World Mexico's top diplomat Videgaray says Venezuela no longer a democracy World France anti-terrorism powers used to curb protest: Amnesty World US successfully tests ICBM defence system World Donald Trump urges world leaders to call him on cellphone, raises security concerns Related Newark airport closed after engine fire prompts plane evacuation Now, United Airlines cancels Indian-origin man's ticket for filming dispute Didn't ask to urinate in cup: United Airlines denies claims by Missouri woman Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags United Airlines Boeing Co FAA U. S. Federal Aviation Administration SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Massive Kabul truck bomb kills 49, wounds hundreds Farmers in UP taking help of social media to seek redressal of Haryana police seize Rs one crore in demonetised notes French embassy in Kabul damaged in car bomb attack - minister French embassy in Kabul damaged in car bomb attack -minister Sport Rugby-Wasps sign centre Juan de Jongh from Stormers India, Australia favourites at CT despite off-field worries Soccer-Kruse lucky to be in squad, says Australia coach Postecoglou Tennis-Murray condemns Court comments, warns against Melbourne chaos Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, May 31 Entertainment Ex-Oasis singer Liam honours UK bomb victims at emotional Manchester gig Avika Gor and Manish Raisinghan's short film 'I, Me, Myself' gets screened at Cannes Film Festival 2017 WATCH: 'Vitctoria and Abdul' trailer explores the INEXPLICABLE friendship between Judi Dench and Ali Fazal Dench sad she couldn't come to India, might visit later: Ali PeeCee slams critics of dress she wore to meet PM Modi Money Karnataka Min soon to meet IT employees assns on layoffs Adani and Queensland Govt. reach deal over royalties for Carmichael coal mine Jet Airways flies low, slips nearly 5 pct post Q4 results UK's IG sees FY pretax profit "modestly" ahead of last year Aurobindo receives USFDA approval to manufacture ADHD drug Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Agri Business Logistics Macro Economy Policy BUDGET 2017 Probe of Air India, Indian Airlines to cover gamut of ₹45,000-cr deals Our Bureau comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet ‘All stakeholders’ in merger of state-run airlines on CBI radar New Delhi, May 30:   The CBI’s decision to probe the merger of Indian Airlines and Air India, the purchase of 111 aircraft from Boeing and Airbus, and alleged irregularities in the purchase and lease of aircraft by the two state-owned airlines comes in the wake of the Supreme Court setting the investigating agency a June deadline to complete the case. On January 5, the apex court had given a direction on a petition filed by the Centre for Public Interest Litigation led by lawyer Prashant Bhushan. On Monday, the CBI registered three FIRs and a preliminary enquiry (PE) to go into the decisions taken by the Manmohan Singh government, including surrender of profitable routes to favour private airlines. The cases were registered against unidentified officials of Air India, Ministry of Civil Aviation and others under charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and corruption. CBI sources said “all stakeholders” were under its scanner. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had recently said the government was open to strategic divestment of Air India, which had a debt of ₹50,000 crore and a market share of 14 per cent. Both Air India and Indian Airlines have been dogged by controversies since the Manmohan Singh government assumed office in 2004. In September 2005, Indian Airlines signed a ₹10,000-crore deal to acquire 43 Airbus A-320 family aircraft. Months later, Air India acquired 68 Boeing aircraft at over ₹35,000 crore. This too ran into controversy; government officials who had objected to such a large number of aircraft being ordered were reportedly shunted out before the deal was inked in January 2006. In 2007, the government completed the Air India-Indian Airlines merger into one airline under the name Air India. But problems soon emerged between the staff of the airlines. Before the merger, the airlines followed different human resource management policies. The then Civil Aviation Secretary told the Parliamentary Committee on Public Sector Undertakings that unless there was a merger in “the hearts of the people” the new airline will not work as intended. Under the Manmohan Singh government, the number of domestic carriers increased with IndiGo, Go Air, Kingfisher Airlines and SpiceJet taking to the skies. This too led to controversy as it was alleged that Indian Airlines was pressured to give up preferred times of operations in favour of private airlines. It was not uncommon for a flight by a private airline to depart on the same route a few minutes before an Indian Airlines’ flight. While the Manmohan Singh Government had three civil aviation Ministers, Praful Patel was Minister when Indian Airlines and Indian Airlines ordered the aircraft, the merger took place between the two airlines and many new airlines took off. (This article was published on May 30, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS Govt weighing all options for reviving Air India fortunes CBI lodges cases to probe IA-AI merger TOPICS crime, law and justice | corruption & bribery | economic offence | transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Slideshow All signals green for Tejas The first of the hi-speed premium train is set to start service between Mumbai and Goa from May 22. more slideshows »  MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Probe of Air India, Indian Airlines to cover gamut of ₹45,000-cr deals Jet Air likely to buy 100 more narrow body aircraft: CAPA Govt weighing all options for reviving Air India fortunes No proposal from Qatar Air for airline in India: Aviation Minister Court restrains KSRTC from processing tender for 3,000 buses Govt constitutes panel to set up renewable projects at Kandla GST regime: Freight charges expected to drop 4-10%, reckons IFTRT Jet Airways net dives 91% to ₹36.8 cr on rise in fuel price JNPT seeks more powers to expedite SEZ development CBI lodges cases to probe IA-AI merger Columnists Ashima Goyal Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram LATEST NEWS PSU oil companies – A mixed bag in the March quarter 7 min. ago At least 15 killed, 300 wounded in Kabul blast 12 min. ago NGT allows Rajeev Chandrasekhar to implead in Munnar land grab case 16 min. ago Silver futures decline to Rs 39,990 per kg 23 min. ago Gold futures fall to Rs 28,890 on weak global cues 27 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Logistics Court restrains KSRTC from processing tender for 3,000 buses Tata Motors challenges decision to buy Ashok Leyland vehicles » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Wed 31 May companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era icc champions trophy trump's america durban tourism indaba NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL international International All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Indian police to probe $10.8 billion aircraft deal International | 30 May 2017, 10:28am Bibhudatta Pradhan and Anurag Kotoky New Delhi - India’s federal investigation agency will probe a decade-old deal by the national carriers to acquire 111 aircraft, which saddled the flag carrier Air India with losses, the Central Bureau of Investigation said. The CBI, as the federal police is known, registered three cases and one preliminary inquiry in the light of orders from the Supreme Court in January, according to the statement dated May 29 on its website. The cases include investigating allegations regarding buying planes for 700 billion rupees ($10.8 billion), the CBI said. The acquisition allegedly caused a financial loss to the “already stressed” national carrier, it said. Tell a friend File image Air India spokesman Dhananjay Kumar and a spokeswoman for Boeing in India declined to comment. Praful Patel, who was India’s civil aviation minister at the time of the purchases, and an Airbus spokesman in India didn’t immediately respond to phone calls seeking comment. In December 2005, India’s cabinet gave an approval to the national carrier to buy 68 aircraft from Boeing In 2006, state-owned Indian Airlines Ltd. inked an agreement to buy 43 planes from Airbus SE. While the aircraft orders were made separately, the two national carriers were later merged by 2007 into the National Aviation of India Ltd., which operated under the brand Air India. Allegations The CBI said it’s also investigating allegations of leasing of a large number of aircraft “without due consideration.” Also part of the probe will be allegations about giving up profit-making routes by Air India in favour of national and international private airlines, which caused a “huge loss” to the national carrier, it said. Read also: Gupta plane had 'official business' Air India’s aircraft deal was controversial at the time of the purchase itself. A day after the Mumbai-based carrier chose to buy 23 Boeing 777 aircraft and 27 Dreamliners, Nigel Harwood, Airbus’s then vice president of sales for India, said in an interview that the European company wasn’t given a “fair chance.” Air India denied that, saying it took “strong exception” to the claims. India is considering selling a majority stake in Air India to a strategic partner after a $3.6 billion bailout failed to turn around the loss making national carrier, Bloomberg News reported in February, citing people with knowledge of the matter. The proposal includes reviving Air India within five years of selling a 51 percent stake, they said. Bloomberg Tell a friend Most Read 1 ANC war gets ugly 2 Gupta-owned ANN7's propaganda a big turn-off 3 Businesswomen killed in N12 crash 4 #ThembisileYende found dead in her office 5 Family believes #ThembisileYende was murdered Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Search Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Search Video Log out Rewards My Account Search Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Travel Travel Truths Destinations Hotels Offers Holiday types City Beach Tours Cruise Ski Family Luxury Advice More Cancel All Features Hotels Tours Destinations Features Hotels Tours Telegraph Travel Travel Truths The truth behind the 10 deadliest plane crashes of all time The Tenerife Airport Disaster is the deadliest aviation crash in history Credit: AP Hugh Morris 31 May 2017 • 7:00am Next month will mark 232 years since the first ever fatal aviation accident took place when a type of hot air balloon crashed in a field in France killing its inventor Jean-François Pilâtre de Rozier as well as his passenger, Pierre Romain. Since then there have been many more to have claimed scores of lives. Here, we count down the 10 deadliest plane crashes of all time.   It’s worth noting at this point that 2017 is on its way to being one of the safest years in aviation history, with just 37 crashes and 117 fatalities so far, according to the Bureau of Aircraft Accident Archives. Last year, too, was one of the safest. 10. American Airlines Flight 191 Date: May 25, 1979 Fatalities: 272 How to survive a plane crash The DC-10 left Chicago O’Hare on the Friday afternoon of Memorial Day weekend only for its left engine to detach from its wing and fall off, rolling the plane in the air and sending it crashing to earth just a mile from the runway. The plane “burst into a pillar of flame and smoke that could be seen up to eight miles away,” the Chicago Tribune reported at the time. All 271 people on board and two on the ground were killed in what remains America’s worst aviation disaster. The crash was found to be the result of a shortcut taken by removing the plane’s engines for maintenance, cracking an aluminium component which held the engine to the wing. Iranians mark the 21st anniversary of the downing of a Iranian passenger jet by the US Credit: 2009 AFP/ABOLFATH DAVARI 9. Iranian Air Force Ilyushun II-76 Date: February 19, 2003 Fatalities: 275 The official report into the military aircraft that crashed in the Sirach Mountains near Kerman in Iran found that bad weather, including high winds and fog, brought the plane down, killing all on board, all members of the Revolutionary Guards. The Aviation Safety Network classifies the crash as a Controlled Flight into Terrain. 8. Iran Air Flight 655 Date: July 3, 1988 Fatalities: 290 A controversial incident during tense times in the Gulf, owing to the Iran-Iraq War, the Airbus A300, a civilian airline, was shot down by surface-to-air missiles fired from US military cruiser USS Vincennes, killing all on board. The flight was in Iranian airspace, over Iranian territorial waters and on its usual flight path, yet, according to the US government, Vincennes mistook it for an F-14A Tomcat fighter plane. Crew on the American ship made 10 attempts to contact the Iran Air aircraft on military and civilian radio frequencies, with no response, before firing. In 1996 the US government and Iran reached a settlement at the International Court of Justice, the former expressing “deep regret over the loss of lives”, but not admitting legal liability or formally apologising. The US agreed to pay $213,103.45 compensation per passenger, about £346,000 in today’s valuation. A fire burns amid the wreckage of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 Credit: DOMINIQUE FAGET 7. Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 Date: July 17, 2014 Fatalities: 298 A similar incident took place over eastern Ukraine when a Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777-200 flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur was shot down near the Russian border, likely by pro-Russian forces in control of the region during the War in Donbass between separatist insurgents and the Ukrainian government. All 298 on board died when the plane crashed into a field near Torez. Some airlines had already begun to avoid Ukrainian airspace owing to the Crimean crisis that began early in 2014, with the International Civil Aviation Organisation warning of a risk to passenger jets in the area, but not all carriers had changed their routes. In September 2016, Dutch prosecutors concluded that the missile used to shoot down the plane had been transported into eastern Ukraine from Russia, adding that the launch vehicle returned across the border a day after the crash. The conflict in the region is ongoing. 6. Saudi Arabian Airlines Flight 163 Date: August 19, 1980 Fatalities: 301 The death of all 301 passengers on board the Lockheed L-1011 on the runway at Riyadh is the world’s deadliest aviation accident not to involve a crash or mid-flight break up. The flight took off from the Saudi capital airport en route to Jeddah, only to return to Riyadh minutes later for an emergency landing after a fire started in the cargo department. At a glance | 10 deadliest years in aviation history However, when the plane landed, instead of initiating an emergency evacuation, the pilot taxied the aircraft back towards the airport, stopping on the runway for nearly three minutes. It then took some 23 minutes to access the aircraft once the engines were stopped. By the time the doors were opened all on board had died from smoke inhalation. The source of the fire is believed to have been two butane stoves in the cargo. An evacuation was never initiated. 5. Air India Flight 182 Date: June 23, 1985 Fatalities: 329 Deemed the deadliest terror attack involving a plane at the time, the Air India Boeing 747 crashed off the coast of Ireland en route from Toronto to Sahar International in India, after a bomb placed in the cargo hold by Sikh extremists Babbar Khalsa exploded over the Atlantic. The passenger responsible is believed to be 'M Singh' who checked himself onto the flight - along with a suitcase - but did not board. A second bomb intended to go off in tandem on another flight exploded early in the terminal building at Narita Airport, Japan. An investigation into the bombing of Flight 182 found numerous failings in the security processes in Canada that allowed the terrorist attack to be successful. A number of memorials commemorate those who died, in Canada and Ireland. Relatives mourn at the site of the Japan Airlines Flight 123 crash Credit: Credit: Aflo Co. Ltd. / Alamy Stock Photo/Aflo Co. Ltd. / Alamy Stock Photo 4. Turkish Airlines Flight 981 Date: March 3, 1974 Fatalities: 346 A design flaw on the Douglas DC-10 led an aircraft carrying 335 passengers and 11 crew to crash in the Ermenonville Forest north of Paris, after taking off from Orly Airport bound for London Heathrow, en route from Istanbul. Around 10 minutes after the plane took off from Orly, the rear left cargo door blew off owing to a problem with how the hatches latched shut - they could be forced shut by baggage handlers without the pins locking correctly - causing an explosive decompression in the cabin and severing cables linking the flight deck with the aircraft’s elevators, rudder and two engines. The aircraft pitched sharply nose-down and began picking up speed as the pilots lost control, before it crashed into trees travelling at around 490mph. In the wake of the accident, the locking mechanism on the cargo doors was redesigned. The crash remains the deadliest single-plane crash with no survivors, the worst on French soil and the second worst in Europe. 3. Charkhi Dadri mid-air collision Date: November 12, 1996 Fatalities: 349 Los Rodeos air crash The world’s deadliest mid-air crash involved Saudia Flight 763 and Kazakhstan Airlines Flight 1907 over the city of Charkhi Dadri in northern India. Read a full account of exactly what happened in the minutes and hours before the Tenerife Airport Disaster Best of | Travel Truths The Saudia-operated Boeing 747 was bound for Dhahran from Delhi while the Kazakhstan Airlines Ilyushin II-76 was bound for Indira airport from Shymkent when they collided, killing 312 people on board the former and 37 on the latter. The crash occurred after the Ilyushin aircraft was cleared to descend to 15,000 feet, but then descended past that level to 14,500 feet while the 747 was ascending in the opposite direction. By the time the air traffic controller could warn of the proximity between the two aircraft it was too late. The tail of the Kazakhstan plane cut through the Saudia wing, causing the aircraft to go into a rapidly descending spiral, while the Ilyushin entered a gentler but still fast and uncontrolled descent. The captain of a passing US Air Force aircraft saw the crash and described a “a large cloud lit up with an orange glow”. A number of factors were found to have caused the crash, including the failure of the Kazakhstan Airlines pilot to follow the ATC instructions. 2. Japan Airlines Flight 123 Date: August 12, 1985 Fatalities: 520 The largest single aircraft accident in history was the crash of a Boeing 747 into Mount Takamagahara in central Japan. Just four survived when the aircraft spiralled out of control, its wing clipping a mountain ridge, before flipping and landing on its back, following an explosive decompression towards the rear of the plane, the result of a faulty repair job seven years earlier. Pilots were able to keep the plane in the air for 32 minutes after the mechancial failure - a time that has not been matched repeating the scenario in flight simulators since - before crashing into a mountain. Today, there is a shrine on the mountain dedicated to the crash, as well as a museum opened by the airlines that includes last letters and notes written by passengers to loved ones, to which all staff must visit. Though four passengers were able to survive, all female and sat in the middle of rows towards the rear of the aircraft, some concluded that more could have been saved had the wreckage been reached quicker by rescuers, and the offer of assistance from a nearby US base been accepted. A month after the crash a Japan Airlines maintenance official committed suicide, leaving a note, “I am atoning with my death”. 1. Tenerife Airport Disaster Date: March 27, 1977 Fatalities: 583 “The magnitude of the accident speaks for itself, but what makes it particularly unforgettable is the startling set of ironies and coincidences that preceded it,” wrote author and pilot Patrick Smith of the accident that took place at Tenerife North Airport (formerly Los Rodeos) 40 years ago, when two Boeing 747s, one belonging to KLM, the other to Pan Am, collided on a foggy runway. Neither of the two aircraft were supposed to be at Los Rodeos, both having been diverted away from Las Palmas on the nearby island of Gran Canaria, after it transpired that Canary Island separatists planted a bomb in the airport flower shop. The collision occurred when the KLM aircraft attempted to take-off without clearance while the Pan Am aircraft was still taxiing along the same runway, having missed its turning to leave. As the KLM 747 emerges from dense fog, having begun an errant take-off, owing to poor communication and confusion over radio contact, the pilot of the Pan Am was recorded as saying “There he is! Look at him! Goddamn, that son of a bitch is coming!” The KLM attempted to leapfrog the Pan Am but couldn’t and clipped the mid-section of the latter with its belly. There were no survivors on the KLM flight while 61 of the 396 on the Pan Am survived. Share this article View comments If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Please review our commenting policy Read more 25 May 2017, 2:31pm Revealed: How to bag the best seat on a plane 23 May 2017, 11:48am Revealed: The surprising secrets to making plane food taste better 17 May 2017, 1:42pm Revealed: The startling number of calories consumed on the average flight 17 May 2017, 11:39am The rule that forbids pilots from chatting below 10,000 feet – and the farcical crash that created it 12 May 2017, 4:58pm The shameful truth behind what happens to all your leftover hotel toiletries Travel latest Gallery 31 May 2017, 7:30am Gallery: Zaha Hadid's 35 most incredible buildings 30 May 2017, 5:45pm 10 great adventures for solo travellers Gallery 30 May 2017, 5:30pm Gallery: Plane crashes where - unbelievably - everyone survived 30 May 2017, 4:06pm Lanzarote: getting there 30 May 2017, 4:06pm Lanzarote restaurants 30 May 2017, 4:06pm Lanzarote nightlife 30 May 2017, 4:06pm Lanzarote beaches 30 May 2017, 4:06pm Lanzarote itineraries 30 May 2017, 4:06pm Lanzarote events Gallery 30 May 2017, 2:33pm Gallery: Inside Aynhoe Park, Noel Gallagher's 50th birthday party pad 30 May 2017, 2:08pm IT crash could cost British Airways £150m – here's how to claim your compensation 30 May 2017, 2:08pm The world's first 'treehouse crane' opens in Bristol Gallery 30 May 2017, 1:57pm Gallery: 12 geographical misconceptions you can blame on a Belgian cartographer 30 May 2017, 1:00pm Paris events 30 May 2017, 1:00pm Lanzarote attractions 30 May 2017, 12:45pm Where to ski in summer: the best glaciers for skiing 30 May 2017, 12:34pm Norfolk and Suffolk travel guide 30 May 2017, 12:34pm Norfolk and Suffolk attractions 30 May 2017, 12:34pm Norfolk and Suffolk beaches 30 May 2017, 12:34pm Norfolk and Suffolk nightlife 30 May 2017, 12:34pm 36 hours in...North Norfolk Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Branded Content Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 We've noticed you're adblocking. We rely on advertising to help fund our award-winning journalism. We urge you to turn off your ad blocker for The Telegraph website so that you can continue to access our quality content in the future. Thank you for your support. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Wed,  31 May 2017 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 7.40   0.00 0.00%   1STPRIMFMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   AAMRATECH 38.60   0.40 1.05%   ABB1STMF 7.00   0.00 0.00%   ABBANK 18.80   0.00 0.00%   ACI   0.70   ACIFORMULA 197.30   -0.80 -0.40%   ACMELAB 114.40   0.60 0.53%   ACTIVEFINE 50.70   0.10 0.20%   AFCAGRO 56.50   -0.80 -1.40%   AFTABAUTO 63.20   0.00 0.00%   AGNISYSL 27.80   0.80 2.96%   AGRANINS 17.60   0.50 2.92%   AL-HAJTEX 106.00   0.30 0.28%   ALARABANK 16.80   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 11.80   -0.10 -0.84%   AMANFEED 74.50   0.80 1.09%   AMBEEPHA 397.00   1.10 0.28%   AMCL(PRAN) 213.80   5.10 2.44%   ANLIMAYARN 29.80   0.10 0.34%   ANWARGALV 67.80   0.20 0.30%   APEXFOODS 136.00   0.20 0.15%   APEXFOOT 342.00   11.70 3.54%   APEXSPINN 107.70   -0.30 -0.28%   APEXTANRY 148.50   0.80 0.54%   APOLOISPAT 18.70   0.00 0.00%   ARAMIT 366.80   2.60 0.71%   ARAMITCEM 35.40   0.50 1.43%   ARGONDENIM 34.30   0.20 0.59%   ASIAINS 22.50   -0.40 -1.75%   ASIAPACINS 19.30   0.30 1.58%   ATCSLGF 10.60   0.00 0.00%   ATLASBANG 126.20   -0.10 -0.08%   AZIZPIPES 66.70   2.00 3.09%   BANGAS 117.20   -1.10 -0.93%   BANKASIA 15.80   0.00 0.00%   BARKAPOWER 43.50   0.60 1.40%   BATASHOE 1135.00   4.50 0.40%   BATBC   34.20   BBS   -0.10   BDAUTOCA 81.00   1.40 1.76%   BDCOM   2.20   BDFINANCE 19.30   0.00 0.00%   BDLAMPS 171.50   -0.30 -0.17%   BDTHAI 26.60   0.10 0.38%   BDWELDING 13.20   0.10 0.76%   BEACHHATCH 15.70   -0.10 -0.63%   BEACONPHAR 21.40   0.10 0.47%   BENGALWTL 46.00   0.20 0.44%   BERGERPBL 2100.00   0.00 0.00%   BEXIMCO 32.60   0.00 0.00%   BGIC   0.20   BIFC   -0.20   BNICL   0.00   BRACBANK 77.90   3.20 4.28%   BSCCL   0.20   BSRMLTD 130.00   -0.10 -0.08%   BSRMSTEEL 90.40   0.30 0.33%   BXPHARMA 108.10   0.30 0.28%   BXSYNTH 7.50   0.00 0.00%   CAPMBDBLMF 8.80   0.20 2.33%   CENTRALINS 21.50   0.70 3.37%   CENTRALPHL 27.40   0.10 0.37%   CITYBANK 32.90   0.30 0.92%   CITYGENINS 14.70   0.00 0.00%   CMCKAMAL 25.10   0.70 2.87%   CNATEX 9.10   -0.10 -1.09%   CONFIDCEM 130.10   0.80 0.62%   CONTININS 19.80   0.30 1.54%   CVOPRL 201.00   1.70 0.85%   DACCADYE 7.80   0.00 0.00%   DAFODILCOM 38.90   0.30 0.78%   DBH   0.30   DBH1STMF 8.50   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 94.50   1.30 1.39%   DELTASPINN 11.30   0.10 0.89%   DESCO   0.10   DESHBANDHU 18.40   -0.20 -1.08%   DHAKABANK 17.00   -0.10 -0.58%   DHAKAINS 19.60   -0.10 -0.51%   DOREENPWR 141.50   0.50 0.35%   DSHGARME 338.70   -1.10 -0.32%   DSSL   0.00   DUTCHBANGL 100.00   0.40 0.40%   EASTERNINS 30.40   0.00 0.00%   EASTLAND 21.30   0.20 0.95%   EASTRNLUB 967.10   5.40 0.56%   EBL   0.20   EBL1STMF 7.50   -0.10 -1.32%   EBLNRBMF 7.20   0.00 0.00%   ECABLES 137.00   -0.90 -0.65%   EHL   0.40   EMERALDOIL 23.40   -0.10 -0.43%   ENVOYTEX 37.80   -0.10 -0.26%   ETL   -0.20   EXIM1STMF 8.30   -0.20 -2.35%   EXIMBANK 10.20   0.20 2.00%   FAMILYTEX 8.00   -0.10 -1.23%   FARCHEM 24.80   0.00 0.00%   FAREASTFIN 9.70   0.00 0.00%   FAREASTLIF 75.80   -0.30 -0.39%   FASFIN 17.20   -0.20 -1.15%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 10.90   0.00 0.00%   FEKDIL 25.50   0.00 0.00%   FINEFOODS 27.10   1.10 4.23%   FIRSTFIN 11.10   0.10 0.91%   FIRSTSBANK 11.40   0.20 1.79%   FORTUNE 53.80   -0.30 -0.55%   FUWANGCER 17.80   -0.10 -0.56%   FUWANGFOOD 14.90   0.00 0.00%   GBBPOWER 22.80   0.20 0.88%   GEMINISEA 550.00   -0.40 -0.07%   GENNEXT 9.00   0.00 0.00%   GHAIL   0.30   GHCL   0.20   GLAXOSMITH 1470.00   -0.10 -0.01%   GLOBALINS 14.50   -0.30 -2.03%   GOLDENSON 16.80   0.10 0.60%   GP   -0.60   GPHISPAT 42.90   0.10 0.23%   GQBALLPEN 87.00   0.60 0.69%   GRAMEENS2 14.50   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELMF 8.40   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 59.50   0.20 0.34%   GSPFINANCE 27.30   0.00 0.00%   HAKKANIPUL 52.70   0.20 0.38%   HEIDELBCEM 448.90   -0.10 -0.02%   HFL   0.20   HRTEX   -0.20   HWAWELLTEX 36.60   -0.20 -0.54%   IBBLPBOND 978.50   5.00 0.51%   IBNSINA 242.90   2.70 1.12%   ICB   0.60   ICB2NDNRB 10.70   0.10 0.94%   ICB3RDNRB 7.90   0.10 1.28%   ICBAMCL2ND 9.10   0.00 0.00%   ICBEPMF1S1 8.20   0.00 0.00%   ICBIBANK 4.70   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 8.80   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   0.50   IFADAUTOS 136.00   2.40 1.80%   IFIC   0.50   IFIC1STMF 6.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 8.30   0.00 0.00%   ILFSL   0.20   IMAMBUTTON 14.00   0.10 0.72%   INTECH 17.50   0.40 2.34%   IPDC   0.30   ISLAMIBANK 31.30   -0.10 -0.32%   ISLAMICFIN 22.40   0.10 0.45%   ISLAMIINS 25.70   0.10 0.39%   ISNLTD 16.40   -0.30 -1.80%   ITC   0.30   JAMUNABANK 18.60   0.00 0.00%   JAMUNAOIL 203.10   0.10 0.05%   JANATAINS 10.60   0.10 0.95%   JMISMDL 180.50   1.20 0.67%   KARNAPHULI 15.20   0.00 0.00%   KAY&QUE 56.40   1.30 2.36%   KBPPWBIL 22.60   0.10 0.44%   KDSALTD 75.70   -0.20 -0.26%   KEYACOSMET 14.10   0.10 0.71%   KOHINOOR 396.00   9.90 2.56%   KPCL   0.00   KPPL   -0.30   LAFSURCEML 64.60   0.20 0.31%   LANKABAFIN 48.60   -0.10 -0.21%   LEGACYFOOT 20.90   0.30 1.46%   LIBRAINFU 522.00   2.40 0.46%   LINDEBD 1315.00   -1.90 -0.14%   LRGLOBMF1 7.10   0.10 1.43%   MAKSONSPIN 8.90   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 22.30   -0.10 -0.45%   MARICO 1009.10   -4.90 -0.48%   MATINSPINN 39.50   -0.10 -0.25%   MEGCONMILK 10.10   0.10 1.00%   MEGHNACEM 102.20   -0.40 -0.39%   MEGHNALIFE 55.50   -0.50 -0.89%   MEGHNAPET 8.90   -0.20 -2.20%   MERCANBANK 17.50   0.20 1.16%   MERCINS 19.40   0.20 1.04%   METROSPIN 7.70   -0.10 -1.28%   MHSML   -0.20   MICEMENT 91.30   -0.20 -0.22%   MIDASFIN 27.20   0.30 1.12%   MIRACLEIND 44.00   0.00 0.00%   MITHUNKNIT 43.00   -0.10 -0.23%   MJLBD   1.20   MODERNDYE 210.70   3.60 1.74%   MONNOCERA 37.50   0.30 0.81%   MONNOSTAF 525.50   0.40 0.08%   MPETROLEUM 193.10   -0.80 -0.41%   NATLIFEINS 171.80   -0.10 -0.06%   NAVANACNG 69.80   1.20 1.75%   NBL   0.20   NCCBANK 12.40   -0.50 -3.88%   NCCBLMF1 7.80   0.10 1.30%   NFML   0.40   NHFIL   -0.20   NITOLINS 22.90   0.20 0.88%   NORTHERN 498.10   -1.40 -0.28%   NPOLYMAR 102.00   -0.90 -0.87%   NTC   4.30   NTLTUBES 106.70   0.80 0.76%   OAL   0.10   OLYMPIC 268.10   -1.90 -0.70%   ONEBANKLTD 20.00   0.00 0.00%   ORIONINFU 57.70   -0.20 -0.35%   ORIONPHARM 48.40   0.00 0.00%   PADMALIFE 41.40   -0.40 -0.96%   PADMAOIL 243.80   -1.70 -0.69%   PARAMOUNT 18.80   -0.20 -1.05%   PDL   -0.30   PENINSULA 24.70   -0.30 -1.20%   PEOPLESINS 22.10   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 7.80   0.00 0.00%   PHARMAID 269.90   1.20 0.45%   PHENIXINS 24.10   0.10 0.42%   PHOENIXFIN 25.70   0.60 2.39%   PHPMF1 8.10   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 27.50   -0.50 -1.79%   PLFSL   0.00   POPULAR1MF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 67.00   0.40 0.60%   POWERGRID 53.00   0.50 0.95%   PRAGATIINS 28.50   -0.60 -2.06%   PRAGATILIF 100.00   0.70 0.70%   PREMIERBAN 10.30   0.30 3.00%   PREMIERCEM 90.80   0.60 0.67%   PREMIERLEA 17.40   -0.10 -0.57%   PRIME1ICBA 7.80   -0.10 -1.27%   PRIMEBANK 21.40   0.00 0.00%   PRIMEFIN 11.00   0.00 0.00%   PRIMEINSUR 18.70   0.50 2.75%   PRIMELIFE 52.30   -0.40 -0.76%   PRIMETEX 26.60   -0.40 -1.48%   PROGRESLIF 60.50   -0.20 -0.33%   PROVATIINS 17.50   -0.50 -2.78%   PTL   0.20   PUBALIBANK 23.50   0.10 0.43%   PURABIGEN 17.20   -0.10 -0.58%   QSMDRYCELL 93.20   0.50 0.54%   RAHIMAFOOD 116.80   10.60 9.98%   RAHIMTEXT 299.80   -0.10 -0.03%   RAKCERAMIC 55.80   -0.10 -0.18%   RANFOUNDRY 120.00   0.60 0.50%   RDFOOD 16.60   0.00 0.00%   RECKITTBEN 1548.00   43.30 2.88%   REGENTTEX 28.20   0.30 1.08%   RELIANCE1 10.80   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 44.10   -0.40 -0.90%   RENATA 1103.00   3.40 0.31%   RENWICKJA 569.00   2.00 0.35%   REPUBLIC 26.50   -0.30 -1.12%   RNSPIN 21.00   0.10 0.48%   RSRMSTEEL 81.50   -0.20 -0.24%   RUPALIBANK 25.40   0.20 0.79%   RUPALIINS 17.20   0.00 0.00%   RUPALILIFE 41.50   -0.20 -0.48%   SAFKOSPINN 13.70   0.10 0.74%   SAIFPOWER 41.90   0.20 0.48%   SAIHAMCOT 17.10   -0.20 -1.16%   SAIHAMTEX 21.40   0.00 0.00%   SALAMCRST 34.00   0.20 0.59%   SALVOCHEM 23.10   0.10 0.43%   SAMORITA 79.30   0.70 0.89%   SANDHANINS 35.00   0.40 1.16%   SAPORTL 39.50   0.10 0.25%   SEBL1STMF 13.30   0.10 0.76%   SEMLIBBLSF 9.40   -0.40 -4.08%   SHAHJABANK 15.40   0.10 0.65%   SHASHADNIM 67.00   0.00 0.00%   SHEPHERD 38.60   -0.40 -1.03%   SHURWID 10.50   -0.10 -0.94%   SHYAMPSUG 23.70   0.60 2.60%   SIBL   0.30   SIMTEX 27.80   -0.30 -1.07%   SINGERBD 180.20   1.00 0.56%   SINOBANGLA 36.10   -0.10 -0.28%   SONALIANSH 242.30   -1.10 -0.45%   SONARBAINS 14.80   -0.30 -1.99%   SONARGAON 11.50   0.20 1.77%   SOUTHEASTB 17.50   0.10 0.57%   SPCERAMICS 12.00   0.00 0.00%   SPCL   0.00   SQUARETEXT 63.90   -0.10 -0.16%   SQURPHARMA 281.60   0.70 0.25%   STANCERAM 59.10   -0.70 -1.17%   STANDARINS 17.10   1.30 8.23%   STANDBANKL 10.60   0.20 1.92%   SUMITPOWER 38.50   -0.20 -0.52%   SUNLIFEINS 21.50   0.40 1.90%   TAKAFULINS 19.10   -0.60 -3.05%   TALLUSPIN 9.90   0.20 2.06%   TITASGAS 49.90   0.90 1.84%   TOSRIFA 28.00   0.30 1.08%   TRUSTB1MF 7.10   0.00 0.00%   TRUSTBANK 25.00   -0.30 -1.19%   TUNGHAI 15.80   -0.10 -0.63%   UCB   0.10   UNIQUEHRL 53.00   0.10 0.19%   UNITEDAIR 6.00   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDFIN 19.60   0.10 0.51%   UNITEDINS 25.50   0.00 0.00%   UPGDCL 179.00   2.40 1.36%   USMANIAGL 89.00   -0.80 -0.89%   UTTARABANK 23.70   0.40 1.72%   UTTARAFIN 56.80   0.30 0.53%   VAMLBDMF1 8.50   0.00 0.00%   VAMLRBBF 8.80   -0.20 -2.22%   WATACHEM 159.10   -1.30 -0.81%   WMSHIPYARD 36.70   0.40 1.10%   YPL   -0.10   ZAHEENSPIN 26.20   -0.10 -0.38%   ZAHINTEX 19.10   0.30 1.60%   ZEALBANGLA 46.00   2.00 4.55%   Latest News China stocks rise sharply Paramount Textile to form consortium for power plant Sterling, Euro inch lower; Dollar rises Rough campaign for Putin foe Australian shares rise after positive Chinese data Premier Leasing now in ‘A’ category Gold price edges lower Row over Algerian residency rights in UK Global market scenario Oil falls on rising Libyan, US output SE Asian stocks rise in line with Asian peers TIME - 01:04 pm National Speaker nominates 5-member panel of chairman Economy BD wants India to relax LoC terms World Rough campaign for Putin foe Stock Paramount Textile to form consortium for power plant Bangladesh 10th in Islamic finance country index TOP NEWS Premier Leasing now in ‘A’ category Six trawlers with 71 fishermen go missing World No Tobacco Day today Huge blast rocks Kabul diplomatic zone, several dead DSE up, CSE down at opening Goldman in critics' crosshairs over Venezuela bond deal PM back home from IAEA summit NBR urges Power Div not to pass on new VAT rate to subscribers Experts link people's trust to insurance sector’s dev Use drops, still Facebook top site in Bangladesh China stocks rise sharply May 31, 2017, 12:50 pm China stocks rose sharply on Wednesday after regulators tightened rules regulating share sales by listed companies' major shareholders. The CSI300 index rose 1.0 per cent to 3,513.87 points at 1:53 GMT, while the Shanghai Composite Index gained 1.1 per cent to Read more Sterling, Euro inch lower; Dollar rises May 31, 2017, 12:45 pm The British pound dropped on Wednesday after a new poll found that British Prime Minister Theresa May's Conservative Party risks falling short of an overall majority in the June 8 national election. The pound was down 0.3 per cent at $1.2816 Read more Economy Bangladesh may get benefit from Indian cattle slaughter ban  KOLKATA: Exporters see Bangladesh is benefiting from the ban on cattle slaughter in India.  The leather produced in India contains certain type of grains which leather from countries like South America Foreign consortium to conduct study on Dighipara coal mine May 30, 2017, 12:20 am Bangladesh 4th largest FDI host among LDCs May 29, 2017, 5:07 pm Ukrainian migrants help grow Polish economy May 29, 2017, 1:31 pm Tax target to be set far higher May 29, 2017, 12:44 am EPB to propose $38b export target for FY '18 May 29, 2017, 12:42 am Finance Five SoCBs among nine banks facing capital shortfall in Q1 Two more state-owned commercial banks (SoCBs) were included in the list of banks facing capital shortfall in the first quarter (Q1) of this calendar year. With the latest two, the total number of banks facing capital shortfall, rose to nine in Fed raises rates Govt forms body to re-fix land price, registration fee Government moves to untie LoC knots Economists for raising direct tax in budget Editorial Transatlantic relationship in for an unsettling era? After the sword dancing with Saudi king Salman  over   Transatlantic relationship in for an unsettling era? After the sword dancing with Saudi king Salman  over   Op-Ed Teachers from non-cadre THE students of Bangladesh lose their valuable youthful years in Teachers from non-cadre THE students of Bangladesh lose their valuable youthful years in Alarming unemployment among qualified graduates  ACCORDING to a survey conducted by the Bangladesh Bureau of Alarming unemployment among qualified graduates  ACCORDING to a survey conducted by the Bangladesh Bureau of Quality tertiary education FOR any underdeveloped or developing country quality education is a Quality tertiary education FOR any underdeveloped or developing country quality education is a Stock Global market scenario Asian bourses were mixed but relatively subdued following negative leads from the US and UK as investors returned from public Stocks break two-day losing streak Nurani Dyeing makes debut tomorrow BSC tops DSE transaction chart Partnerships with eGeneration to support homegrown technology, innovations Major sectors witness mixed performance on DSE Stocks break two-day losing streak All about venture capitalists Asian stock markets timid National Cyclone leaves 7 dead in Cox's Bazar, Rangamati At least seven people were killed in Cox’s Bazar and  Rangamati districts as severe cyclonic storm ‘Mora’ hit Cox’s Bazar-Chittagong coast near Kutubdia on Tuesday morning. In Cox’s Bazar, four people were killed as tree collapsed on them in Chakaria and Sadar upazilas while a panicked woman, Mariam Begum, died of cardiac arrest at a cyclone centre at Jetty Ghat No Khaleda urges all to stand beside cyclone-hit people Bangladesh, Austria ink MoU on FOC Govt wants to extract coal considering environmental aspects ACC arrests education ministry official while taking bribe No bar for raising gas price from June 1 JS sitting adjourned PM urges expats to be aware of militancy Cyclone Mora crossing Cox’s Bazar coast Trade and Market Gold price edges lower Gold edged lower on Wednesday, moving away from a one-month peak hit in the previous session as US economic data boosted the case for an interest rate hike by the Federal Reserve next month. Spot gold was down 0.2 per cent to $1,260.60 per ounce at 0101 GMT. It touched a one-month high of $1,270.47 before pulling back 0.3 per cent Oil falls on rising Libyan, US output Uber fires self-driving car chief UK consumer confidence rises slightly Field-day on harvesting Zink paddy held in Panchagarh IFC to give $10m for SMEs' dev BDBL wants to realise 1.0pc service charge from govt 11 traders pay Tk 0.29m fine Mobile court fines 11 businesses at Karwan Bazar World Row over Algerian residency rights in UK A non-binding opinion from the European Court of Justice advocate-general stated that EU citizens were entitled to continue family life US tests missile defence system Australia to prevent paedophiles from travelling abroad Macron holds ‘extremely frank’ and ‘direct’ talks with Putin Sci-tech Russia offers scholarship for BD students' nuclear studies The delegation of Jatiya Sangsad’s standing committee on foreign affairs met with the deputy head of the Federation of Federal Assembly of Russia in Moscow on Monday. During the meeting, the deputy head of Russian parliament’s upper house Ilyas Magomed-Salamovich said Moscow wanted to offer scholarships to Bangladesh students to study nuclear technology. “Russian government is keen to enhance the number of scholarships to the Bangladeshi students in the disciplines related to nuclear science,” the Bangladesh embassy in Moscow in a press ... PM for 'science diplomacy' to ensure economic growth Bangabandhu satellite launching not on Dec 16 Bangabandhu Satellite to be launched by December Education Adult literacy rate rises to 72.3pc Bangladesh's adult literacy rate increased by 11.6 per cent to 72.3 per cent in 2016 from 60.7 per cent in 2012, said a survey conducted by Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics (BBS). The BBS in its Sample Vital Registration System (SVRS), released Monday in Dhaka, said the growth of adult literacy rate among the population aged 15+ was more pronounced in the case of females (22.8 per cent) than that of the males (16.0 per cent) during the five-year period. The survey also ... ULAB holds seminar on BD Cinema Police break up JU students' protests Newer perspectives in literature Sports Shakib stays atop all-rounders' list South Africa have received a major boost ahead of the ICC Champions Trophy 2017 with pace bowler Kagiso Rabada moving up four places to take the top spot in the International Cricket Council, according to a global media. Top-ranked South Africa lost their three-match series to England 2-1 but the former ICC U-19 World Cup star Rabada's haul of four for 39 in the final match at Lord's on Monday helped him finish the series with seven wickets and become the ... Bangladesh real Dark Horse: Sangakkara India beat Bangladesh Rabada cruises to top spot in ODI rankings Health Listening to sad music may trigger depression For all music lovers and admirers, music ceases to be just an art form, and becomes an experience, an extended Designer virus helps kickstart immune system, kill cancer Device alerts mother, hospital if infant moved without permission Aussie scientists develop effective new 'fasting' diet Entertainment Probe underway after boy flies off water slide A giant water slide at a brand new park in Dublin, Calif., was closed for the holiday. An investigation is Swedish film 'The Square' wins Palme d'Or at Cannes ‘The Square’ wins top Cannes film prize Why Isis hates music? Politics Prosecution ends testimony in Aug 21 grenade attack cases The prosecution on Tuesday concluded its testimony with completion of cross-examination of investigation officer (IO) in the August 21, 2004 grenade attack cases, reports BSS. After the prosecution confirmed that they will not submit any more prosecution witness in the case, Judge of Speedy Trial Tribunal-1, Dhaka, Shaheed Nur Uddin fixed three separate dates June 12, 13 and 14 for submission of statements by the accused in self-defence. The gruesome grenade attacks were carried out at an anti- terrorism rally of Awami ... Khaleda hosts Iftar for foreign diplomats Whip Salim gets show cause notice Don't talk much about party office raid, Quader tells BNP leaders Country Jhenaidah gunfight leaves two dead A regional leader of the outlawed Purba Banglar Communist Party (PBCP) and his associate were killed in a reported gunfight Magura road crashes kill two Two women die in Thakurgaon road accident Youth held with drugs PHOTO GALLERY A resident of Kutubpara in Cox\'s Bazar returning home from a shelter with some of his belongings, hours after Cyclone \'Mora\' hit the country\'s coastal areas and gradually weakened on Tuesday. — bdnews24.com The railway authority waiting to inaugurate the 984-metre long second railway bridge in Ashuganj as the cent per cent work on the bridge has already been completed. — Focous Bangla A couple of kitchen workers making lachchha semai at a makeshift factory in Rajshahi on Tuesday. — FE Photo A view of the turbulent sea at Patenga beach in Chittagong while cyclone \'Mora\' was approaching towards the coast on Monday. — Focus Bangla BOYS ON THE BEACH: A couple of fearless boys fishing in the turbulent Bay in Kuakata of Patualkhali, defying the warning for a forthcoming nor\'wester on Monday. — Focus Bangla more news Australian shares rise after positive Chinese data May 31, 2017, 12:36 pm SE Asian stocks rise in line with Asian peers May 31, 2017, 12:06 pm Uber fires self-driving car chief May 31, 2017, 11:46 am Taiwan stocks flat to weaker May 31, 2017, 11:20 am All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 138 ISSUES DECLINED 86 Most popular NBR urges Power Div not to pass on new VAT rate to subscribers May 31, 2017, 12:34 am Experts link people's trust to insurance sectors dev May 31, 2017, 12:32 am BD wants India to relax LoC terms May 31, 2017, 12:33 am Minister focuses on utilising coal with better technology May 31, 2017, 12:30 am Use drops, still Facebook top site in Bangladesh May 31, 2017, 12:31 am Bangladesh 10th in Islamic finance country index May 31, 2017, 11:33 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG PDL 21.60 23.70 21.80 23.50 8.80 NCCBANK 12.00 13.00 11.80 12.90 7.50 FAMILYTEX 7.80 8.10 7.80 8.10 3.85 DOREENPWR 136.30 142.00 135.60 141.00 3.45 PEOPLESINS 21.40 22.10 21.30 22.10 3.27 BANKASIA 15.30 16.00 14.50 15.80 3.27 AL-HAJTEX 102.70 106.80 103.30 105.70 2.92 BATBC 2622.10 2701.00 2602.00 2692.70 2.69 PRIMETEX 26.30 27.00 26.30 27.00 2.66 TUNGHAI 15.50 15.90 15.50 15.90 2.58 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation BANKASIA 14.50 16.00 14.50 15.90 9.66 NCCBANK 11.80 13.00 11.80 12.80 8.48 PHENIXINS 23.50 25.00 23.50 25.00 6.38 REPUBLIC 25.10 26.80 25.10 26.70 6.38 PDL 22.20 23.70 21.80 23.50 5.86 DOREENPWR 135.70 142.00 135.60 142.00 4.64 CENTRALINS 20.10 21.00 20.10 20.90 3.98 FAMILYTEX 7.80 8.10 7.80 8.10 3.85 BATBC 2602.10 2701.00 2602.00 2700.00 3.76 PEOPLESINS 21.30 22.10 21.30 22.10 3.76 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG DBH1STMF 9.00 8.80 8.40 8.50 -5.56 STANDARINS 16.70 16.90 15.60 15.80 -5.39 SONARGAON 11.70 12.00 11.00 11.30 -3.42 ICBAMCL2ND 9.40 9.20 9.10 9.10 -3.19 IFIC1STMF 7.00 6.90 6.80 6.80 -2.86 ATCSLGF 10.90 10.90 10.50 10.60 -2.75 PRIMEFIN 11.30 11.30 10.70 11.00 -2.66 PARAMOUNT 19.50 20.30 18.80 19.00 -2.56 MITHUNKNIT 44.20 44.10 43.00 43.10 -2.49 REGENTTEX 28.60 29.70 27.50 27.90 -2.45 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation SEMLIBBLSF 10.70 10.70 9.70 9.80 -8.41 PARAMOUNT 20.30 20.30 18.80 19.00 -6.40 REGENTTEX 29.20 29.70 27.50 27.60 -5.48 EBLNRBMF 7.60 7.60 7.10 7.20 -5.26 SINOBANGLA 37.80 37.80 36.10 36.20 -4.23 ANLIMAYARN 30.40 30.40 29.60 29.60 -2.63 DESCO 49.90 49.90 48.50 48.60 -2.61 FAREASTLIF 77.60 79.00 75.60 75.60 -2.58 EBL1STMF 7.80 7.80 7.60 7.60 -2.56 MITHUNKNIT 44.10 44.10 43.00 43.00 -2.49 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 20072008200920102011201220132014201520162017 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved Powered by :
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:04 GMT, May 31, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More 15 killed, more than 300 injured in Afghan capital Kabul blast – Health official HomeBusiness Russia schedules production of first post-Soviet large domestic airliner Published time: 30 May, 2017 11:02 Get short URL © Sergey Mamontov / Sputnik Production of Russia’s newest narrow-body airliner the MC-21 will start in 2019, according to the government press office. Irkut Corporation plans initial production of 20 planes a year, increasing to 70 by 2023. Read more Russia’s new civilian airliner takes off on maiden flight (PHOTOS, VIDEOS) The aircraft is expected to compete with the Boeing 737, Airbus A320 and China’s COMAC C919. “We plan to complete the testing in 2018. We are starting the second stage of flight testing for the PD-14 engine. The airliner will be powered only by Russian-made jet engines starting in spring 2019,” said Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin at the meeting chaired by Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev. The first examples of the airliner are to be powered by Pratt & Whitney PW1400G engines, while those for the domestic market will use the new PD-14 engine. The Prime Minister ordered a rethink of the commercial prospects for the plane, as new contracts could boost the country’s economy. According to Rogozin, the issue will be discussed at a meeting of the aviation board. Rogozin said the new aircraft would be sold with a 'full circle contract' meaning the manufacturer will be responsible for the planes through delivery until they are operating on revenue earning flights. “As the МС-21 is ahead of its rivals, Boeing and Airbus. We are seeking to announce the price which will be much more competitive than the one set by US and European colleagues,” Rogozin said. Russia’s new Il-112 transport plane to make maiden flight in 2017 https://t.co/HGXdDOFINYpic.twitter.com/HWhPMt7l5F— RT (@RT_com) May 29, 2017 The Irkut MC-21-300 is a narrow-body airliner that was rolled out almost a year ago. The first version of the plane can carry up to 211 passengers a distance of up to 6,000 kilometers. The plane made its maiden flight in Irkutsk in Eastern Siberia on Sunday. Certification of the MC-21 in Russia is planned for 2018 with European Aviation Safety Agency approval expected a year later. The manufacturer has reportedly signed contracts for 285 planes with domestic airlines with 185 down payments already made. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Wed, May 31, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Transport & Tourism Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Ryanair offers to take over Alitalia’s short-haul business Irish airline’s profits grew by 6 per cent last year to €1.3 billion Tue, May 30, 2017, 06:52 Updated: about 22 hours ago Barry O'Halloran Ryanair flew 120 million passengers in the course of its financial year, up 13 per cent on the previous year. Photograph: Reuters         Ryanair plans to offer Alitalia a deal that would see the airline effectively take over the bankrupt Italian carrier’s short-haul business while also selling its long-haul flights on its website. The Irish airline said on Tuesday that it grew profits after tax by 6 per cent to €1.316 billion in the 12 months to March 31st and announced plans to return €600 million to investors through a share buy-back scheme. According to chief commerical officer, David O’Brien, Ryanair is planning to propose a tranfser deal to the government-appointed commissioners s charged with saving Alitalia. Under its terms, Ryanair would take over much of Alitalia’s short-haul business and feed passengers to its long-distance network. “We’d even sell their long-haul flights on our website,” Mr O’Brien added. While analysts were not sure that the Italians would accept the deal they suggested that government efforts to save the flag carrier could deliver an outcome that would suit Ryanair. “They cannot keep it on life support but keeping it as a long-haul focused airline, which Ryanair would like, is an option,” one said. Ryanair has a bigger share of the Italian market than its troubled rival. Its operations there flew 36 million passengers in the 12 months ended on March 31st. Chief executive Michael O’Leary confirmed that Ryanair was in talks with Boeing to add “selectively” to the orders it has with the American aircraft manufacturer. The airline took delivery of 52 Boeing 737s in its 2017 financial year. Ryanair flew 120 million passengers during the financial year, an increase of 13 per cent on 2016. It grew revenues by 2 per cent to €6.54 billion. It plans to buy back €600 million worth of equities from investors between this week and October, bringing total returns to shareholders since 2008 to €5.4 billion. Mr O’Leary said Ryanair believed that profits this year could rise 8 per cent to between €1.4 billion and €1.45 billion, subject to a range of uncertainties. “Investors should be wary of the risk of negative Brexit developments, or any repeat of last year’s security events at European cities, which could damage consumer confidence, close-in bookings, and this full-year-18 guidance,” he cautioned.       Topics: David O Brien Michael O Leary Irish Stock Exchange Alitalia Boeing Ryanair Europe United Kingdom Read More Steering parts shortage stalls BMW car production BA left with financial headache and battered reputation Russia squares up to Boeing and Airbus with maiden flight of jet Eight British Airways flights from Dublin cancelled over IT failure Knock Airport leads the way in Irish passenger growth BA chief says he will not resign over IT problems Road Warrior: Alitalia bid deadline ICG sells 21-year-old vessel for €45m What now for DAA as Toland checks out three years early? US stalls decision on Norwegian Air International  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Markets Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament Work Lucy Kellaway: The tables will turn against Ikea Rugby Gordon D'Arcy: Lions have no issue about showing their hand too early Ireland Cycle series: A pleasant trip back in time Sponsored The Story of Home: a potter’s life Life through a lens: Samsung S8 brings photography to next level The Story of Home: A Kerry mountain retreat Truth serum: how serums won a place in our beauty regimes Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business This rustbucket is being turned into a hotel on Dublin's Liffey 07:50 First-time buyer mortgage approvals up 19% 07:49 Successful Jacobs Inn Hostel in surprise sale guiding €13.5m 07:48 German retail sales unexpectedly drop in April 07:34 Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament 06:53 Most Read in Business 1 This rustbucket is being turned into a hotel on Dublin's Liffey 2 Noonan triggers AIB share sale that could raise €3bn for State 3 Cliff Taylor: AIB IPO must go ahead regardless of cash usage 4 British Airways adopts brace position over IT failures 5 Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament 6 Ryanair lowers fares and market guidance for next year’s profits 7 Successful Jacobs Inn Hostel in surprise sale guiding €13.5m 8 Bord na Móna chief Mike Quinn in running for Ervia role 9 Ireland’s largest private landlord ‘tired of being called a vulture fund’ 10 First-time buyer mortgage approvals up 19% Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 31/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
CLOSE X IOLPersonal Finance Shop @ LootAfrican IndependentYoung IndependentIOL PropertyIVEO Wed 31 May companies economy energy markets entrepreneurs technology MORE Careers International Opinion Financial Tools IOL special features the zuma era icc champions trophy trump's america durban tourism indaba NEWS POLITICS business business report personal finance SPORT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE MOTORING TRAVEL Multimedia NEWSPAPERS Classifieds Cape Community About IOL international International All Business Report Companies | Economy | Energy | Markets Markets Shares Currencies Commodities Market Indicators | Entrepreneurs | Technology | Careers | International | Opinion | Financial Tools | About Us | Contact Us | Advertisement Indian police to probe $10.8 billion aircraft deal International | 30 May 2017, 10:28am Bibhudatta Pradhan and Anurag Kotoky New Delhi - India’s federal investigation agency will probe a decade-old deal by the national carriers to acquire 111 aircraft, which saddled the flag carrier Air India with losses, the Central Bureau of Investigation said. The CBI, as the federal police is known, registered three cases and one preliminary inquiry in the light of orders from the Supreme Court in January, according to the statement dated May 29 on its website. The cases include investigating allegations regarding buying planes for 700 billion rupees ($10.8 billion), the CBI said. The acquisition allegedly caused a financial loss to the “already stressed” national carrier, it said. Tell a friend File image Air India spokesman Dhananjay Kumar and a spokeswoman for Boeing in India declined to comment. Praful Patel, who was India’s civil aviation minister at the time of the purchases, and an Airbus spokesman in India didn’t immediately respond to phone calls seeking comment. In December 2005, India’s cabinet gave an approval to the national carrier to buy 68 aircraft from Boeing In 2006, state-owned Indian Airlines Ltd. inked an agreement to buy 43 planes from Airbus SE. While the aircraft orders were made separately, the two national carriers were later merged by 2007 into the National Aviation of India Ltd., which operated under the brand Air India. Allegations The CBI said it’s also investigating allegations of leasing of a large number of aircraft “without due consideration.” Also part of the probe will be allegations about giving up profit-making routes by Air India in favour of national and international private airlines, which caused a “huge loss” to the national carrier, it said. Read also: Gupta plane had 'official business' Air India’s aircraft deal was controversial at the time of the purchase itself. A day after the Mumbai-based carrier chose to buy 23 Boeing 777 aircraft and 27 Dreamliners, Nigel Harwood, Airbus’s then vice president of sales for India, said in an interview that the European company wasn’t given a “fair chance.” Air India denied that, saying it took “strong exception” to the claims. India is considering selling a majority stake in Air India to a strategic partner after a $3.6 billion bailout failed to turn around the loss making national carrier, Bloomberg News reported in February, citing people with knowledge of the matter. The proposal includes reviving Air India within five years of selling a 51 percent stake, they said. Bloomberg Tell a friend Most Read 1 ANC war gets ugly 2 Gupta-owned ANN7's propaganda a big turn-off 3 Businesswomen killed in N12 crash 4 #ThembisileYende found dead in her office 5 Family believes #ThembisileYende was murdered Advertisement X BUSINESS REPORT About us Contact us Feedback Follow us on INSIDE BUSINESS REPORT Companies Economy Energy Markets Entrepreneurs Technology Careers International Opinion Financial tools EXPLORE IOL News Politics Business Report Personal Finance Sport Entertainment Lifestyle Motoring Travel BUSINESS REPORT WEEKLY Sign up to receive our weekly edition of Business Report in your inbox. SIGN UP OR subscribe to e-editions of our Newspaper titles. Terms & Conditions Privacy policy Feedback Advertise with us © Independent Media and affiliated companies. All rights reserved
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Dhiraj Singh/Bloomberg Indian Police to Probe $10.8 Billion Plane Order From 2005 by Bibhudatta Pradhan @bibhu_pradhan More stories by Bibhudatta Pradhan and Anurag Kotoky @anuragkotoky More stories by Anurag Kotoky May 30, 2017, 2:06 AM EDT May 30, 2017, 5:41 AM EDT Central Bureau of Investigation to conduct probe on Air India India ordered 111 planes from Airbus, Boeing in 2005, 2006 India’s federal investigation agency will probe a decade-old deal by the national carriers to acquire 111 aircraft, which saddled the flag carrier Air India Ltd. with losses, the Central Bureau of Investigation said. The CBI, as the federal police is known, registered three cases and one preliminary inquiry in the light of orders from the Supreme Court in January, according to a statement dated May 29 on its Website. The cases include investigating allegations regarding buying planes for 700 billion rupees ($10.8 billion), the CBI said. The acquisition allegedly caused a financial loss to the “already stressed” national carrier, it said. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Air India spokesman Dhananjay Kumar and a spokeswoman for Boeing in India declined to comment. Praful Patel, who was India’s civil aviation minister at the time of the purchases, and an Airbus spokesman in India didn’t immediately respond to phone calls seeking comment. India’s civil aviation ministry will co-operate with the CBI probe, Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju told reporters in New Delhi. In December 2005, India’s cabinet gave an approval to the national carrier to buy 68 aircraft from Boeing Co. In 2006, state-owned Indian Airlines Ltd. inked an agreement to buy 43 planes from Airbus SE. While the aircraft orders were made separately, the two national carriers were later merged by 2007 into the National Aviation Co. of India Ltd., which operated under the brand Air India. Allegations The CBI said it’s also investigating allegations of leasing of a large number of aircraft “without due consideration.” Also part of the probe will be allegations about giving up profit-making routes by Air India in favor of national and international private airlines, which caused a “huge loss” to the national carrier, it said. Air India’s aircraft deal was controversial at the time of the purchase itself. A day after the Mumbai-based carrier chose to buy 23 Boeing 777 aircraft and 27 Dreamliners, Nigel Harwood, Airbus’s then vice president of sales for India, said in an interview that the European company wasn’t given a “fair chance.” Air India denied that, saying it took “ strong exception” to the claims. India is considering selling a majority stake in Air India to a strategic partner after a $3.6 billion bailout failed to turn around the loss making national carrier, Bloomberg News reported in February, citing people with knowledge of the matter. The proposal includes reviving Air India within five years of selling a 51 percent stake, they said. Niti Aayog, the government’s top policy planning body, has suggested options for the future of Air India and the government is studying them, Raju said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Rich People Don’t Want Ivanka Trump’s Fashion Once Costly Deep-Sea Oil Turns Cheap, to OPEC's Dismay Emirates’ First Class is Becoming Even More Elite China Factory Gauge Holds Up as Global Economic Outlook Improves Chinese Workers Who Probed Ivanka Trump-Linked Factories Missing Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective Lasting Legacy College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Brexit Brexit impasse could mean months of flight cancellations, warns Ryanair Silvia Amaro | @Silvia_Amaro 23 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Cautious on negative Brexit developments: Ryanair    Tuesday, 30 May 2017 | 1:48 AM ET | 01:16 Business travelers and tourists could be prevented from flying in and out of the U.K. as of March 2019, the chief financial officer of Ryanair warned on Tuesday. If the U.K. government doesn't strike any sort of deal with the European Union regarding flying regulations, airlines will have to stop their activities in the country, Neil Sorahan, the chief financial officer of budget airline Ryanair told CNBC. "We need to get some kind of clarity on whether the U.K. is going to stay in the open skies (agreement). It looks like they're not and if they don't then we need to see some movements made in relation to negotiating bilateral agreements," he said. "If these bilateral agreements are not negotiated by October 2018 then the chances of being rectified by March 2019 are very slim, which means there's a distinct possibility that there could be no flights in and out the U.K. for a period of time … days, weeks, months, we don't know," Sorahan warned. show chapters Confident in our IT systems, says Ryanair CFO    Tuesday, 30 May 2017 | 1:43 AM ET | 03:07 The EU's open skies agreement allows for all transatlantic routes to be opened up to EU and U.S. airline firms. Ryanair has been one of the most vocal firms against the U.K.'s decision to leave the European Union. The Irish airline operates widely across the continent. Its chief executive officer, Michael O'Leary, has said that the airline is "pivoting" its operations towards Europe in the aftermath of Brexit. The U.K.'s Department for Transport has previously replied to these concerns in February. It said it was committed to getting the "best deal possible" from EU exit negotiations. "We will work closely with the international aviation community to ensure that this global industry continues to be a major success story for the U.K. economy," the department said, according to the Financial Times. Sorahan from Ryanair said: "Our biggest concern is that we have no certainty as we roll into this time next year and we are in a position where we're in 12 months we have to start loading our summer schedule for 2019." Meanwhile over the weekend, British Airways saw massive disruption after its IT systems collapsed. However, Sorahan said that Ryanair has invested "an awful lot of money" into its IT systems and it is confident on their reliability. "What happened to them appears to have been a hardware which was impacted by a power surge. We have our critical data over a number of data centers, so if one goes down, it would fall over to the other centers," Sorahan explained. Follow CNBC International on Twitter and Facebook. Silvia AmaroDigital Reporter, CNBC.com Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change RY4C --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Wed, May 31, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Transport & Tourism Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Ryanair offers to take over Alitalia’s short-haul business Irish airline’s profits grew by 6 per cent last year to €1.3 billion Tue, May 30, 2017, 06:52 Updated: about 22 hours ago Barry O'Halloran Ryanair flew 120 million passengers in the course of its financial year, up 13 per cent on the previous year. Photograph: Reuters         Ryanair plans to offer Alitalia a deal that would see the airline effectively take over the bankrupt Italian carrier’s short-haul business while also selling its long-haul flights on its website. The Irish airline said on Tuesday that it grew profits after tax by 6 per cent to €1.316 billion in the 12 months to March 31st and announced plans to return €600 million to investors through a share buy-back scheme. According to chief commerical officer, David O’Brien, Ryanair is planning to propose a tranfser deal to the government-appointed commissioners s charged with saving Alitalia. Under its terms, Ryanair would take over much of Alitalia’s short-haul business and feed passengers to its long-distance network. “We’d even sell their long-haul flights on our website,” Mr O’Brien added. While analysts were not sure that the Italians would accept the deal they suggested that government efforts to save the flag carrier could deliver an outcome that would suit Ryanair. “They cannot keep it on life support but keeping it as a long-haul focused airline, which Ryanair would like, is an option,” one said. Ryanair has a bigger share of the Italian market than its troubled rival. Its operations there flew 36 million passengers in the 12 months ended on March 31st. Chief executive Michael O’Leary confirmed that Ryanair was in talks with Boeing to add “selectively” to the orders it has with the American aircraft manufacturer. The airline took delivery of 52 Boeing 737s in its 2017 financial year. Ryanair flew 120 million passengers during the financial year, an increase of 13 per cent on 2016. It grew revenues by 2 per cent to €6.54 billion. It plans to buy back €600 million worth of equities from investors between this week and October, bringing total returns to shareholders since 2008 to €5.4 billion. Mr O’Leary said Ryanair believed that profits this year could rise 8 per cent to between €1.4 billion and €1.45 billion, subject to a range of uncertainties. “Investors should be wary of the risk of negative Brexit developments, or any repeat of last year’s security events at European cities, which could damage consumer confidence, close-in bookings, and this full-year-18 guidance,” he cautioned.       Topics: David O Brien Michael O Leary Irish Stock Exchange Alitalia Boeing Ryanair Europe United Kingdom Read More Steering parts shortage stalls BMW car production BA left with financial headache and battered reputation Russia squares up to Boeing and Airbus with maiden flight of jet Eight British Airways flights from Dublin cancelled over IT failure Knock Airport leads the way in Irish passenger growth BA chief says he will not resign over IT problems Road Warrior: Alitalia bid deadline ICG sells 21-year-old vessel for €45m What now for DAA as Toland checks out three years early? US stalls decision on Norwegian Air International  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Markets Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament Work Lucy Kellaway: The tables will turn against Ikea Rugby Gordon D'Arcy: Lions have no issue about showing their hand too early Ireland Cycle series: A pleasant trip back in time Sponsored The Story of Home: a potter’s life Life through a lens: Samsung S8 brings photography to next level The Story of Home: A Kerry mountain retreat Truth serum: how serums won a place in our beauty regimes Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business This rustbucket is being turned into a hotel on Dublin's Liffey 07:50 First-time buyer mortgage approvals up 19% 07:49 Successful Jacobs Inn Hostel in surprise sale guiding €13.5m 07:48 German retail sales unexpectedly drop in April 07:34 Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament 06:53 Most Read in Business 1 This rustbucket is being turned into a hotel on Dublin's Liffey 2 Noonan triggers AIB share sale that could raise €3bn for State 3 Cliff Taylor: AIB IPO must go ahead regardless of cash usage 4 British Airways adopts brace position over IT failures 5 Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament 6 Ryanair lowers fares and market guidance for next year’s profits 7 Successful Jacobs Inn Hostel in surprise sale guiding €13.5m 8 Bord na Móna chief Mike Quinn in running for Ervia role 9 Ireland’s largest private landlord ‘tired of being called a vulture fund’ 10 First-time buyer mortgage approvals up 19% Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 31/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Spacesuit Market 2021: Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors Several prominent players operating in the global spacesuit market adopted partnership as their key strategies. Companies such as Boeing, David Clark, ILC Dover, NPP Zvezda and Oceaneering International have introduced innovative and technologically advanced products to capture more market share Spacesuits are worn by astronauts in outer space for keeping themselves alive in space. They are also worn by the crew members inside a spacecraft as a safety mechanism in case of loss of cabin pressure. The global spacesuit market is significantly consolidated with the presence of a limited number of vendors and buyers, where National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and ROSCOSMOS (Russian Space Agency) are the major end-users of spacesuits. Therefore, the established vendors restrict new players from venturing into the niche market. Research analysts forecast the Global Spacesuit Market to grow at a CAGR of 7.21% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global spacesuit market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the unit sales of spacesuits in the base and projected years. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Research report, Global Spacesuit Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Request sample copy of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/302076 Key vendors Boeing David Clark ILC Dover NPP Zvezda Oceaneering International Other prominent vendors Austrian Space Forum (OeWF) Final Frontier Design Pacific Spaceflight UTC Aerospace Systems Market driver Implementation of 3D printing technologies For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge High development costs For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Investments in development of wearable tech glasses For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned: Boeing, David Clark, ILC Dover, NPP Zvezda, Oceaneering International, Austrian Space Forum (OeWF), Final Frontier Design, Pacific Spaceflight, and UTC Aerospace Systems. Enquire more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/302076 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAerospace, Business, Spacesuit market, Spacesuit market analysis, Spacesuit Market Growth, Spacesuit Market Opportunities, Spacesuit Market size, Spacesuit Market Trends, Spacesuit MarketShare, Spacesuit MarketVolume, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FRO – First Quarter 2017 Results Next PostNext Sectra’s Year-end Report 2016/2017: High Quality and Customer Satisfaction Increase Profitability, Board Proposes Share Redemption Program Search Recent Posts Ion Indicators Market Business Overview 2022: Revenue and Market Share by Type with Future Predictions Grain Oriented Electrical Market Business Overview 2022: Revenue and Market Share by Type with Future Predictions Passenger Car Accessories Market to Undertake Strapping Growth During 2016 – 2026 Global Gabion Boxes Market 2022: Updated Research Report with Top Companies, Regional Analysis, and Future Prospects. Worldwide Cyclohexene Market: New Research Highlights, Competition Trends and Updated Industry Growth Projections to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Rahul Jadhav Spacesuit Market 2021: Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors Several prominent players operating in the global spacesuit market adopted partnership as their key strategies. Companies such as Boeing, David Clark, ILC Dover, NPP Zvezda and Oceaneering International have introduced innovative and technologically advanced products to capture more market share Spacesuits are worn by astronauts in outer space for keeping themselves alive in space. They are also worn by the crew members inside a spacecraft as a safety mechanism in case of loss of cabin pressure. The global spacesuit market is significantly consolidated with the presence of a limited number of vendors and buyers, where National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and ROSCOSMOS (Russian Space Agency) are the major end-users of spacesuits. Therefore, the established vendors restrict new players from venturing into the niche market. Research analysts forecast the Global Spacesuit Market to grow at a CAGR of 7.21% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global spacesuit market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the unit sales of spacesuits in the base and projected years. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: Americas APAC EMEA Research report, Global Spacesuit Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Request sample copy of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/302076 Key vendors Boeing David Clark ILC Dover NPP Zvezda Oceaneering International Other prominent vendors Austrian Space Forum (OeWF) Final Frontier Design Pacific Spaceflight UTC Aerospace Systems Market driver Implementation of 3D printing technologies For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge High development costs For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend Investments in development of wearable tech glasses For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving this market? What are the challenges to market growth? Who are the key vendors in this market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned: Boeing, David Clark, ILC Dover, NPP Zvezda, Oceaneering International, Austrian Space Forum (OeWF), Final Frontier Design, Pacific Spaceflight, and UTC Aerospace Systems. Enquire more details of the report at: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/302076 About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Information: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +9164101019   CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsAerospace, Business, Spacesuit market, Spacesuit market analysis, Spacesuit Market Growth, Spacesuit Market Opportunities, Spacesuit Market size, Spacesuit Market Trends, Spacesuit MarketShare, Spacesuit MarketVolume, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FRO – First Quarter 2017 Results Next PostNext Sectra’s Year-end Report 2016/2017: High Quality and Customer Satisfaction Increase Profitability, Board Proposes Share Redemption Program Search Recent Posts Analogix lance ANX7447, la gamme de contrôleurs de port monopuce USB-C avec alimentation Version 3.0 Global Fracking Chemicals and Fluid Industry Production, Sales Revenue and Opportunity 2017 to 2021 Vilkyškių pieninė AB, not audited financial results for the first three months of 2017 Need for Cost Reduction and Faster Time to Pure Play Software Testing Services Market 2017-2021 AB Vilkyškių pieninė 2017 metų trijų mėnesių neaudituoti finansiniai rezultatai Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Straits Times Asia Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia East Asia SE Asia South Asia Australia/NZ World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper India's federal law agency probing $15 billion purchase of 111 aircraft by loss-making national air carrier India's Central Bureau of Investigation said that the purchase of 111 aircraft a decade ago caused a financial loss to the "already stressed".PHOTO: AIR INDIA PublishedMay 30, 2017, 2:48 pm SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4LJN Copy NEW DELHI (Bloomberg) - India's federal investigation agency will probe a decade-old deal by the national carriers to acquire 111 aircraft, which saddled the flag carrier Air India with losses, the Central Bureau of Investigation said. The CBI, as the federal law agency is known, registered three cases and one preliminary inquiry in light of orders from the Supreme Court in January, according to the statement dated May 29 on its website. The cases include investigating allegations regarding buying planes for 700 billion rupees (S$15.02 billion), the CBI said. The acquisition allegedly caused a financial loss to the "already stressed" national carrier, it said. Air India spokesman Dhananjay Kumar and a spokeswoman for Boeing in India declined to comment. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up Praful Patel, who was India's civil aviation minister at the time of the purchases, and an Airbus spokesman in India didn't immediately respond to phone calls seeking comment. In December 2005, India's Cabinet gave an approval to the national carrier to buy 68 aircraft from Boeing Co. In 2006, state-owned Indian Airlines Ltd. inked an agreement to buy 43 planes from Airbus SE. While the aircraft orders were made separately, the two national carriers were later merged by 2007 into the National Aviation Co of India., which operated under the brand Air India. The CBI said it's also investigating allegations of leasing of a large number of aircraft "without due consideration". Also part of the probe will be allegations about giving up profit-making routes by Air India in favour of national and international private airlines, which caused a "huge loss" to the national carrier, it said. Air India's aircraft deal was controversial at the time of the purchase itself. A day after the Mumbai-based carrier chose to buy 23 Boeing 777 aircraft and 27 Dreamliners, Nigel Harwood, Airbus's then vice president of sales for India, said in an interview that the European company wasn't given a "fair chance". Air India denied that, saying it took "strong exception" to the claims. India is considering selling a majority stake in Air India to a strategic partner after a US$3.6 billion (S$5 billion) bailout failed to turn around the loss making national carrier, Bloomberg News reported in February, citing people with knowledge of the matter. The proposal includes reviving Air India within five years of selling a 51 per cent stake, they said. Topics:  INDIA AIRLINES CORRUPTION CRIMINAL INVESTIGATIONS More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4LJN Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content lg_a125972_2017may29_strosnative.jpg LG OLED TV vs. Conventional TVs: What’s the difference? starhub-french-open_st-native_300x200.jpg 7 tennis stars you’ll need to know when you watch the French Open ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
New Russian jet takes to air in bid to rival Airbus, Boeing | Bangkok Post: business News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive E-PAPER SIGN IN About E-Paper Subscribe Free Trial Report problem Contact us Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > World New Russian jet takes to air in bid to rival Airbus, Boeing 30 May 2017 at 09:00 1,296 viewed0 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: REUTERS An MS-21 medium-range passenger plane takes off in Irkutsk, Russia on Sunday. (Irkut Corporation via Reuters) - + MOSCOW: Russia carried out the maiden flight of its new MS-21 medium-range passenger plane on Sunday, its first post-Soviet foray into production of a mainline commercial aircraft which it hopes will rival those of its Western competitors. In a surprise statement, manufacturer Irkut Corporation nd its state-controlled parent company United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) said an MS-21-300 model had successfully completed a 30-minute flight at a height of 1,000 metres and travelling at 300 kilometres an hour. Squeezed by Western sanctions over its role in the Ukraine crisis, Russia is trying to rejuvenate domestic industrial production to make the country less dependant on foreign firms. The test flight, which was not announced to media beforehand, comes just three weeks after China staged the maiden flight of its new C919 passenger jet, highlighting the growing competition to industry heavyweights Boeing Co and Airbus SAS, plane-making division of Airbus SE. Russian officials have said the MS-21 is superior to its Western-made counterparts in many respects and will be snapped up by both Russian and foreign carriers, but Western analysts say both Russia and China face a huge challenge to shatter the transatlantic airplane duopoly. "The flight mission has been completed. The flight was fine, there were no observations which will prevent further testing," test pilot Oleg Kononenko was quoted as saying. Western aviation sources however expressed surprise at the flight's brevity and relatively low altitude compared with recent 3-4 hour debuts of North American and European models. "It suggests they either have severe limitations or may have had something happen and decided to come back," said a Western flight test engineer, speaking on condition of anonymity. A Western jetmaking source called it a "genteel flight". A UAC spokesman said the flight had been long enough to test everything that needed checking in the air. Russia has fought hard to shake off its Soviet reputation for old and creaking aircraft flown by inexperienced crews. Flag carrier Aeroflot last year earned its fourth star from independent ratings website Skytrax, ranking it alongside major European and Middle Eastern competitors and ahead of big US carriers such as Delta Air Lines and United Airlines. President Vladimir Putin called Irkut general director Oleg Demchenko to congratulate him and his employees with what the Kremlin called "a significant event". The twin-engine MS-21 will be built in two variants: the MS-21-300 which will have 160-211 seats, and the later MS-21-200 which will have 130-165 seats. It is sometimes referred to as the MC-21 when using the Russian name and Cyrillic letters. Production is expected to start in the next two years and state media have said numerous contracts with domestic and foreign carriers have already been agreed. Irkut said it so far had "firm orders" for 175 planes. America's Boeing and Europe's Airbus remain far ahead of their Chinese and Russian rivals, with bigger sales books and more advanced technical know-how. But the new plane could win sales in Russia and some eastern European and Asian countries, industry analysts say, with buyers attracted by its lower running costs. Irkut said operational costs for its new plane will be up to 15% cheaper than current generation aircraft. With a range of up to 6,000 kilometres, the MS-21 will be competing against the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 aircraft which currently dominate the medium-range narrow-body market. Both companies recently upgraded those families to achieve comparable 15% operational savings compared to previous versions. State defence conglomerate Rostec, which is headed by close Putin ally Sergei Chemezov, said it had agreed to purchase 85 aircraft. "At least 50 of them will be leased to Aeroflot,'' Rostec said, which currently operates a fleet dominated by narrow-body Airbus models, including 70 A320s. UAC president Yury Slyusar said he estimated global demand for the new MS-21 models at around 15,000 aircraft over the next 20 years. "I'm sure the airlines will appreciate our new aircraft," he said. RECOMMENDED STORIES Analysts: BA needs charm offensive Gold prices down B50 to B20,400 Ratchaprasong Walk debuts New push for 'quality' visitors Mall operators look for digital edge Thai AirAsia keen to keep offline service counters NBTC considers OTT control options THAI's shareholding in Nok Air flutters Thitikorn encouraged by 2017 upswing Most Viewed 46,684 Iconic Harley-Davidson is building ... 43,789 Fingerprinting for SIMs made ... 37,045 New visa rule for land arrivals ... 31,812 Foreign tourists to be asked to ... 14,544 VietJet, owned by a female ... Recent BUSINESS Articles April factory output falls 1.7% Price gap widens between old and new condos SET up 3.33 points at opening Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 0 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 13:44 Thi Lo Su waterfall closing for the wet season 13:34 updateMan surrenders to police after cop run down 12:44 SET rises 3.15 to 1,571.72 at midday 12:08 US Fed fines Deutsche Bank $41m for unsound practice 11:59 Death sentence for lethal theft of iPhone 10:53 Chinese man held for Pattaya rape, blackmail 10:50 April factory output falls 1.7% 10:35 Price gap widens between old and new condos 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 Bangkok Post Public Company Limited Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Menu Home + Nation Abu Dhabi Dubai Sharjah Ras Al Khaimah Fujairah Umm Al Quwain Ajman Pink Caravan Ride 2017 + News General Crime Weather Transport Health Government Education + Region Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia MENA + International India Pakistan Philippines Rest of Asia Europe Americas Africa Others Trump Visa Ban + Gold/forex UAE Bahrain Qatar + Business Local Business Global Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Aviation Corporate Gold/Forex Shipping + Sports Local Sports Global Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse racing F 1 Golf Motor Sports ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 10 2017 + Technology Computers Features Game Zone Industry Mobiles Gadgets and Electronics KT 10 + Specials Year Of Giving 2017 Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Abu Dhabi Grand Prix Battle For White House Demonetisation in India Dubai Airshow 2015 Dubai World Cup 2017 Euro 2016 Flydubai Plane Crash Global Village 2016-17 ICC World Twenty20 India Budget 2017-18 Indian Premier League 2016 Mubadala Tennis Championships New Year 2017 Olympics 2016 Smart CEO 2017 UAE and India: Ties that bind UAE FLAG DAY Wimbledon 2016 Yas Island - Anime + City Times In The City Newsmakers Hollywood Bollywood South Stars Movie reviews Music Naam Shabana + Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health and Fitness Art and Culture Food Homes Travel + WKND Editor's Note Letters to WKND Editor Editor's Picks What's Hot Interviews Pursuits Bollywood When Hunger Strikes Beauty Basics Hard Drive On The Road Horoscope A Day In The Life Of It's My Life Food and Dining Kitchen Classic Restaurant Review People Offbeat + Legal View Employment Sponsorship Visa and Immigration Property Cyber Laws Banking Laws Others Legal Matters Opinion and Editorial Letters + Photos Nation (photos) International (photos) Business (photos) Sports (photos) Entertainment (photos) Lifestyle (photos) Stars at KT (photos) + Videos Nation (videos) International (videos) Business (videos) Sports (videos) Entertainment (videos) Lifestyle (videos) Technology (videos) Business Elite 2020 (videos) CEO Insights (videos) Ramadan Rio Olympics 2016 (videos) + Utilities Prayer Timings Cinema listings Weather GCC Airport Departures / Arrivals Competitions + Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Food Travel Lifestyle Fashion + E-Magazines wknd Inspired Living Style Cookbook E-Paper Parent Talk Supplements Slide Menus Show/Hide Left Slide Menu Show/Hide Right Slide Menu Show/Hide Top Slide Menu Show/Hide Bottom Slide Menu Titles : Khaleej Times SUBSCRIBE COMPETITIONS E-PAPER KT Buzzon Specials Multimedia E-Magazines | Logout City Times WKND Style Inspired Living KT Home Life Is Like That Humour Junction Idea Graph Happiness Times Global Village 2016-17 Pink Caravan Ride 2017 Photos Videos wknd Inspired Living Style Parent Talk Pakistan Resolution Day Bangladesh Special Report Cook Book Follow Us Sign in using OR Forgot Password? Register Now! Terms | Privacy Rest of Asia Nation News KT 10 Region INTL GOLD/FOREX Legal View Business Sports Technology City Times Entertainment WKND Jobs Search POPULAR TOPICS Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather Supplements| Live Flight Status | Style MORE Listicles IPL 2016 Parent Talk Inspired Living Dubai Airshow 2015 UAE-India Ties World T20 PRAYER TIMES Rest of Asia India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others Abu Dhabi | Dubai | Sharjah | Ras Al Khaimah | Fujairah | Umm Al Quwain | Ajman General | Crime | Weather | Transport | Health | Government | Education Bahrain | Kuwait | Oman | Qatar | Saudi Arabia | Mena India | Pakistan | Philippines | Rest of Asia | Europe | Americas | Africa | Others UAE | Bahrain | Qatar Employment | Sponsorship | Visa and Immigration | Property | Cyber Laws | Banking Laws | Others Legal Matters Local Business | Global Business | Economy | Markets | Auto | Finance | Energy | Infrastructure | Real Estate | Telecom | Aviation | Corporate | Gold/Forex | Shipping Local Sports | Global Sports | Cricket | Football | Tennis | Horse Racing | F 1 | Golf | Motor Sports | ICC Champions Trophy 2017 Computers | Features | Game Zone | Industry | Mobiles | Gadgets & Electronics In The City | Newsmakers | Hollywood | Bollywood | South Stars | Movie Reviews | Music Bollywood | Hollywood | Food | Travel | Lifestyle | Fashion Editor's Note | Letters to WKND Editor | What's Hot | Interviews | Pursuits | Mindsport | Life Coach | When Hunger Strikes | Beauty Basics | Food and Dining Banking/Financial Services | Administration | Architect/Interior Design | Construction/Civil Engineer | Medical/Healthcare | Marketing   HOME > International > Rest of Asia Video: Aircraft with 146 passengers overshoots runway in Indonesia AFP/Jakarta Filed on May 31, 2017 Share More > Vote Rescue team members conducting an evacuation after a Boeing aircraft operated by domestic carrier Sriwijaya Air overshot the wet runway at the airport in Manokwari. (AFP) The Indonesian passenger plane carrying 146 people skidded off the runway as it landed. A Indonesian passenger plane carrying 146 people skidded off the runway as it landed in the eastern Papua region on Wednesday, an official said, the latest mishap to hit the country's aviation sector. No one was hurt after the Boeing aircraft operated by domestic carrier Sriwijaya Air overshot the wet runway at the airport in Manokwari city, said transport ministry spokesman J. Adravida Barata. TV footage showed people being evacuated from the plane, as it rested on its belly on grass next to the runway. The airport will be closed for several hours so that the plane can be removed, Barata added. It is just the latest of many accidents for Indonesia's air transport sector. In February, a Sriwijaya plane carrying 192 people from China to Bali was forced to turn back after the crew realised one of its doors was not properly closed. In the same month, a passenger plane operated by Indonesian flag carrier Garuda skidded off the runway as it landed at the airport serving the city of Yogyakarta in heavy rain. The aviation sector has been booming in recent years as a growing middle class increasingly use planes to get around the vast archipelago, but critics say safety standards have not kept pace with the expansion. Share More > Vote MORE FROM International Rest of Asia Video: 50 dead or injured in Kabul's massive blast It is a high-security area which is home to embassies and diplomatic... READ MORE Americas Video: Armed man taken into custody at Orlando... There were no reports of any injuries in the incident READ MORE Saudi Arabia Saudi's deputy crown prince, Putin discuss oil,... Both countries hailed their growing partnership in oil markets READ MORE India India to launch Re1 currency note again The existing currency notes in this denomination in circulation will... READ MORE MORE FROM Khaleej Times Government UAE forms fatwa council to advocate moderate Islam The Council will ensure that religious scholars advocate moderate... READ MORE Saudi Arabia Saudi's deputy crown prince, Putin discuss oil,... Both countries hailed their growing partnership in oil markets READ MORE Rest of Asia Video: 50 dead or injured in Kabul's massive blast It is a high-security area which is home to embassies and diplomatic... READ MORE Weather Video: Dense fog envelopes parts of UAE There is a possibility of fog formation tomorrow morning READ MORE CurrentRequestUnmodified: /apps/pbcs.dll/section?category=listing&profile=1031 macro_action: listing, macro_profile: , macro_adspot:   Popular Voted Abu Dhabi Panic as owner of UAE-based money exchange absconds 127479 views | 29 May 2017 Africa 23-year-old man gang raped for days by three women 61706 views | 30 May 2017 Dubai Dubai Municipality scotches plastic rice rumours 37516 views | 30 May 2017 Nation Can I eat at a Dubai cinema hall during Ramadan? 24272 views | 29 May 2017 Sharjah 30 intelligent radars installed in Sharjah 15151 views | 30 May 2017 Technology Scam alert: Do not open this WhatsApp message 14601 views | 30 May 2017 Rest of Asia Video: Man drives over security guard for parking slot 14471 views | 30 May 2017 News Arab man gets Dh900,000 after losing testicle to hernia surgery 13591 views | 30 May 2017 Bollywood Anushka Sharma wasn't Virat Kohli's first choice 11150 views | 30 May 2017 Offbeat Can you solve this riddle that is melting the internet? 8257 views | 29 May 2017 Crime Dubai man attempts sexual assault on boy in mosque washroom 8223 views | 30 May 2017 Crime UAE gang steals trucks, modifies them for smuggling 7768 views | 29 May 2017 Nation Dubai ambulance team rescues family trapped in fire 5465 views | 30 May 2017 Aviation Philippine airline Cebu Pacific to suspend operations in Kuwait, Doha, Riyadh 5262 views | 30 May 2017 Nation Mastercard unveils new programme to help women on career breaks return to work 3932 views | 30 May 2017 Ramadan News Ramadan 2017 to begin on Saturday, May 27 529 votes | 25 May 2017 Abu Dhabi Panic as owner of UAE-based money exchange absconds 134 votes | 29 May 2017 Crime Dubai man accused of raping girlfriend, kicking her naked out of house 118 votes | 25 May 2017 India Man kills woman in public view, shoots video 75 votes | 29 May 2017 Education Meet the UAE CBSE topper who just broke an IHS record 75 votes | 28 May 2017 Sharjah 30 intelligent radars installed in Sharjah 74 votes | 30 May 2017 Ramadan News Ramadan 2017 working hours for UAE private sector announced 59 votes | 24 May 2017 Abu Dhabi From a company driver to CEO of own firm 56 votes | 25 May 2017 Bollywood 'Sachin - A Billion Dreams' movie review: A fan's delight 56 votes | 25 May 2017 Dubai Dubai announces parking, Metro timings for Ramadan 55 votes | 24 May 2017 Nation Mega sale of up to 80% discount coming up in UAE 54 votes | 23 May 2017 Abu Dhabi A 500-year-old Quran in golden letters 52 votes | 29 May 2017 Dubai Send money home from UAE and win a house worth Dh500,000 52 votes | 25 May 2017 Bollywood 'Pakeezah' actress abandoned in hospital 47 votes | 29 May 2017 Nation Here's how VAT will affect your household financially 45 votes | 28 May 2017   KT App Download All new KT app is available for download: Newsletter Get the latest news around the world in your inbox, so you dont miss out on the action. Accept Terms & Conditions ©2017 Khaleej Times. All rights reserved.   News Nation Region International Technology Business Markets Economy Auto Finance Energy Infrastructure Real Estate Telecom Sports Local Sports Cricket Football Tennis Horse Racing F 1 Golf Global Sports Lifestyle Fashion Beauty Health & Fitness Art & Culture Food Home City Times In The City Newsmakers Indian Cinema Movie Reviews Music   Travel Health Offbeat Legal View Opinion & Editorials Letters Photos   Videos Gold/Forex Prayer Timings Cinema Listings Weather E-Paper KT buzzon Inspired Living   About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Privacy Policy   KT App Download iPhone | iPad Android
About Us NAN News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) Terms & Conditions Contact Us News – List Large Videos News Agency of Nigeria (NAN) -- May 31, 2017 Follow @nanonlineng News Agency of Nigeria News Politics Sports Entertainment Health LifeStyle Newsroom Login News Agency of Nigeria News Politics Sports Entertainment Health LifeStyle Newsroom Login Air Force bombs Boko Haram insurgents hiding under trees Coroner’s verdict: Adeleke died of drug overdose My relationship with Buhari cordial – Saraki Just In: Suicide Car bombing kills many in Kabul US ready for North Korea missiles UK’s Muslim police boss quits over Manchester bombing In this category: Boko Haram insurgents Nigerian Air Force Chief Magistrate Olusegun Ayilara Coroner's inquest Osun state government Senator Isiaka Adeleke President Muhmmadu Buhari Relationship Senate President Saraki car bombing German embassy Kabul Afghanistan Ballistic Missile United States military Manchester bombing UK Police boss Nazir Afzal Coroner’s verdict: Adeleke died of drug overdose Nigerian youths behave like tenants in Nigeria – Donald Duke Okorocha dismisses cabinet, LG council members Osinbajo signs new laws: movable assets now collateral Gov. Lalong a “reckless spender” – PDP PIGB: best anniversary gift – Nigerians hail Senate In this category: Chief Magistrate Olusegun Ayilara Coroner's inquest Osun state government Senator Isiaka Adeleke Donald Duke Nigerian politics Nigerian youths Governor Rochas Okorocha Imo state Imo state cabinet Acting President Yemi Osinbajo Credit Reporting Act Secured Transactions in Movable Assets Act Nigerians hail Senate Petroleum Industry Governance Bill PIGB Police: Tiger Woods not drunk, to face trial for DUI Senate passes NFF Bill Drink Driving: Tiger Woods blames medications Nigerian FC strikes deal with Puma Barcelona confirm Ernesto Valverde as new coach Tiger Woods arrested for drink driving In this category: Florida Police Tiger Woods NFF Bill Nigerian Senate Sen. Obinna Ogba drink driving Tiger Woods reaction ABS FC. Ilorin Puma Ernesto Valverde FC Barcelona driving Under Influence 50 artistes for Lagos @ 50 Ariana Grande promises Manchester return Kokomaster D’Banj has a baby boy Mercy Aigbe in UK for medical check up Glimpses of 84th Eyo Festival in Lagos Suicide bombing: British fans beg Bieber to cancel July tour In this category: Artistes lagos Lagos @50 Ariana Grande benefit concert Manchester D'Banj Didi Lineo Kilgrow London medical check up Mercy Aigbe Culture and Tourism Eyo Festival Lagos State Government Justin Bieber Manchester bombing Vampire bats attack, feast on humans in Brazil Cholera kills 75 in Sudan WHO deploys new technology for Ebola fight Zika virus spreads to India, endanger lives U.S supports women, children with US$9.5m Photos: 40-man US team delivers Nigerian woman’s sextuplets In this category: Brazil bats Rabies Vampire bats Cholera Outbreak Sudan White Nile state Ebola in Congo World Health Organisation (WHO) Zika Virus Borno state Children Pregnant women U.S. Adeboye Taiwo Ajibola Taiwo sextuplets Virginia Commonwealth University Paul Pogba in Mecca for Lesser Hajj Unmarried couples in trouble in Burundi Ramadan begins today, says Sultan Trump sure has issues with Melania The Okorodudus: Marriage made by Uber Nanny slavery: UK court finds the Adewakuns guilty In this category: Mecca Paul Pogba Burundi Unmarried couples Wedding Melania Trump President Trump Ebiemi Okorodudu Shola Okorodudu Uber taxi service Abimbola Adewakun Dr Ayodeji Adewakun nanny slavery US ready for North Korea missiles 2 hours ago 0 92 0 2 hours ago 0 92 0 Related Trump drops biggest bomb on Afghanistan North Korean leader applauds missile test North Korea tests another ballistic missile Iran calls new U.S. sanctions bluff US ready for  North Korea missiles The U.S. military has concluded its  first-ever missile defense test involving a simulated attack by an intercontinental ballistic missile, in a major milestone for a programme meant to defend against a mounting North Korean threat. The U.S. military fired an ICBM-type missile from the Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands toward the waters just south of Alaska. It then fired a missile to intercept it from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. Experts compare the job to hitting a bullet with another bullet and note the complexity is magnified by the enormous distances involved. The Missile Defense Agency said it was the first live-fire test against a simulated ICBM for the Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD), managed by Boeing Co (BA.N), and hailed it as an “incredible accomplishment.” “This system is vitally important to the defense of our homeland, and this test demonstrates that we have a capable, credible deterrent against a very real threat,” Vice Admiral Jim Syring, director of the agency, said in a statement. A successful test was by no means guaranteed and the Pentagon sought to manage expectations earlier in the day, noting that the United States had multiple ways to try to shoot down a missile from North Korea. “This is one element of a broader missile defense strategy that we can use to employ against potential threats,” Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis told reporters. Prior to Tuesday’s launch, the GMD system had successfully hit its target in only nine of 17 tests since 1999. The last test was in 2014. North Korea has dramatically ramped up missile tests over the past year in its effort to develop an ICBM that can strike the U.S. mainland. The continental United States is around 9,000 km (5,500 miles) from North Korea. ICBMs have a minimum range of about 5,500 km (3,400 miles), but some are designed to travel 10,000 km (6,200 miles) or farther. Riki Ellison, founder of the Missile Defense Advocacy Alliance, described the test as “vital” prior to launch. “We are replicating our ability to defend the United States of America from North Korea, today,” Ellison said. Failure could have deepened concern about a program that according to one estimate has so far cost more than $40 billion. Its success could translate into calls by Congress to speed development. In the fiscal year 2018 budget proposal sent to Congress last week, the Pentagon requested $7.9 billion for the Missile Defense Agency, including about $1.5 billion for the GMD program. A 2016 assessment released by the Pentagon’s weapons testing office in January said that U.S. ground-based interceptors meant to knock out any incoming ICBM still had low reliability, giving the system a limited capability of shielding the United States. I found this interesting I didin't find this interesting Join the Conversation Most Read headlines Southeast standstill for Biafra headlines Osinbajo: Low income Nigerians can own homes with N30K Economy Osinbajo signs new laws: movable assets now collateral headlines Donald Duke to run for President again Business NCS impounds 941 bags of rice worth N6.8m Latest News Air Force bombs Boko Haram insurgents hiding under trees 1 hour ago News Coroner’s verdict: Adeleke died of drug overdose 1 hour ago News My relationship with Buhari cordial – Saraki 2 hours ago News Just In: Suicide Car bombing kills many in Kabul 2 hours ago News UK’s Muslim police boss quits over Manchester bombing 6 hours ago News Real origin of Egyptians traced to Europe 7 hours ago Health Vampire bats attack, feast on humans in Brazil 7 hours ago News Trump attacks Germany in furious tweets 8 hours ago Health Cholera kills 75 in Sudan 8 hours ago News Nigerian youths behave like tenants in Nigeria – Donald Duke 8 hours ago Load More UK's Muslim police boss quits over Manchester bombing Previous Just In: Suicide Car bombing kills many in Kabul Next No one knows Nigeria like NAN With substantial reach and mobility across the 36 states of Nigeria, we are always where the news is. For over three decades, NAN has evolved an efficient and effective news gathering network of professional correspondents and world class information gathering system for credible , unbiased and authoritative news as it breaks. FYI About Us Contact Us Popular Posts Nigeria oil, gas provide investments in excess of $50bn – Kachikwu Photo: Hoodlums Kill Alfa Abu, wife and children in Ijebu-Ode Just In: Actress Moji Olaiya dies Back to top Copyright © 2016 News Agency of Nigeria. Powered by Metric Internet
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# 3 years of Modi govt Manchester terror attack Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News World News Indonesia: Passenger plane carrying 146 people overshoots runway A rescue team members and airport officials conducting an evacuation after a Boeing aircraft operated by domestic carrier Sriwijaya Air overshot the wet runway at the airport in Manokwari, in Indonesia's eastern Papua region on May 31, 2017. (AFP - Justin Maturan) Shares0 Wed, 31 May 2017-11:50am , PTI Transport ministry's spokesman J Adravida Barata said that the airport will be closed for several hours so that the plane can be removed. An Indonesian passenger plane carrying 146 people skidded off the runway as it landed in the eastern Papua region on Wednesday, an official said that the latest mishap to hit the country's aviation sector. No one was hurt after the Boeing aircraft operated by domestic carrier Sriwijaya Air overshot the wet runway at the airport in Manokwari city, said transport ministry's spokesman J Adravida Barata. TV footage showed people being evacuated from the plane, as it rested on its belly on the grass next to the runway. The airport will be closed for several hours so that the plane can be removed, Barata added. It is just the latest of many accidents for Indonesia's air transport sector. In February, a Sriwijaya plane carrying 192 people from China to Bali was forced to turn back after the crew realised one of its doors was not properly closed. In the same month, a passenger plane operated by Indonesian flag carrier Garuda skidded off the runway as it landed at the airport serving the city of Yogyakarta in heavy rain. The aviation sector has been booming in recent years as a growing middle class increasingly use planes to get around the vast archipelago, but critics say safety standards have not kept pace with the expansion. TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Bangladesh: Nowhere to go for Rohingya refugees after cyclone Mora wrecks camps World Activists probing Ivanka Trump's brands in China arrested, missing: Labour rights group World Mexico's top diplomat Videgaray says Venezuela no longer a democracy World France anti-terrorism powers used to curb protest: Amnesty World US successfully tests ICBM defence system World Donald Trump urges world leaders to call him on cellphone, raises security concerns Related Indonesia: Earthquake of magnitude 6.6 hits Sulawesi island Indonesia: Three suspects linked to Jakarta attacks arrested; ISIS claims responsibility Indonesia: President Joko Widodo orders thorough probe of suicide attacks Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags Indonesia Papua Boeing Aircraft Sriwijaya Air Manokwari J Adravida Barata China Bali Garuda Yogyakarta Aviation SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Massive Kabul truck bomb kills 49, wounds hundreds Farmers in UP taking help of social media to seek redressal of Haryana police seize Rs one crore in demonetised notes French embassy in Kabul damaged in car bomb attack - minister French embassy in Kabul damaged in car bomb attack -minister Sport Rugby-Wasps sign centre Juan de Jongh from Stormers India, Australia favourites at CT despite off-field worries Soccer-Kruse lucky to be in squad, says Australia coach Postecoglou Tennis-Murray condemns Court comments, warns against Melbourne chaos Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, May 31 Entertainment Ex-Oasis singer Liam honours UK bomb victims at emotional Manchester gig Avika Gor and Manish Raisinghan's short film 'I, Me, Myself' gets screened at Cannes Film Festival 2017 WATCH: 'Vitctoria and Abdul' trailer explores the INEXPLICABLE friendship between Judi Dench and Ali Fazal Dench sad she couldn't come to India, might visit later: Ali PeeCee slams critics of dress she wore to meet PM Modi Money Karnataka Min soon to meet IT employees assns on layoffs Adani and Queensland Govt. reach deal over royalties for Carmichael coal mine Jet Airways flies low, slips nearly 5 pct post Q4 results UK's IG sees FY pretax profit "modestly" ahead of last year Aurobindo receives USFDA approval to manufacture ADHD drug Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery World Passenger plane overshoots runway in eastern Indonesia Wednesday May 31, 2017 11:59 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Two charged for wrecking Singapore restaurant over S$28 bill The Edit: Android creator Andy Rubin launches Essential Phone Two years later, police officer who shot Tamir Rice fired The Edit: Watch this man’s unreal Wonder Woman transformation Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article People look at a passenger and baggage manifest of the crashed Trigana Air Service flight at the airport in Sentani, near Jayapura, Papua province, Indonesia, August 17, 2015, in this photo taken by Antara Foto. — Reuters pic JAKARTA, May 31 — A Indonesian passenger plane carrying 146 people skidded off the runway as it landed in the eastern Papua region today, an official said, the latest mishap to hit the country’s aviation sector. No one was hurt after the Boeing aircraft operated by domestic carrier Sriwijaya Air overshot the wet runway at the airport in Manokwari city, said transport ministry spokesman J. Adravida Barata. TV footage showed people being evacuated from the plane, as it rested on its belly on grass next to the runway. The airport will be closed for several hours so that the plane can be removed, Barata added. It is just the latest of many accidents for Indonesia’s air transport sector. In February, a Sriwijaya plane carrying 192 people from China to Bali was forced to turn back after the crew realised one of its doors was not properly closed. In the same month, a passenger plane operated by Indonesian flag carrier Garuda skidded off the runway as it landed at the airport serving the city of Yogyakarta in heavy rain. The aviation sector has been booming in recent years as a growing middle class increasingly use planes to get around the vast archipelago, but critics say safety standards have not kept pace with the expansion. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Two charged for wrecking Singapore restaurant over S$28 bill 9 killed after massive blast in Kabul diplomatic quarter Two girls arrested for misusing boarding passes to meet K-pop star at Changi Airport All welcome at Silk Road forum after US complains over N. Korea, China says Trump, Putin discuss first meeting, Syria during ‘very good call’ All welcome at Silk Road forum after US complains over N. Korea, China says Two girls arrested for misusing boarding passes to meet K-pop star at Changi Airport Trump, Putin discuss first meeting, Syria during ‘very good call’ Philippines claims Malaysians, foreigners fighting alongside rebels (VIDEO) Two dead in suspected suicide bombing in Jakarta Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: Olivia Newton-John reveals cancer return Novice pilots take this insane flying ATV out for a spin Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Finding oil palm alternative could be key to haze issue — Jose Montesclaros Treating foreign maids with respect — Sin Chew Daily Indonesian mobile cinema keeps old film format alive in digital age John Travolta donates his Qantas plane to Australia museum Sebulan dalam penjara Indonesia, dua nelayan lega dibebas Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 31/05/2017 13:48:21 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   government Last update 09:46 | 31/05/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter VN Prime Minister’s message during US visit The Washington Times on May 30 published a message by Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc on the occasion of his official visit to the United States of America at the invitation of President Donald Trump.  Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc at John F. Kennedy airport The following is the full text of the message. “Over the past two decades, I have on several occasions come to the US on business trips and study tours, and every time I was greeted with the warm hospitality of American friends.  During this official visit to the US as Prime Minister of Vietnam, myself and other members of the high-level delegation of the Government of Viet Nam are delighted to see old friends and meet new ones who share our strong desire to promote the friendship and cooperation between Vietnam and the US, so that we can together write a new chapter in the history of the relationship between our two peoples.  Despite ocean apart, Vietnam and the US have bridged the distance and come closer together since the establishment of diplomatic relations 22 years ago.  With the courage to rise above ourselves and the spirit of “shelving the past, heading toward the future,” we have overcome many difficulties and challenges to turn from foes to friends and now comprehensive partnership built on strong foundation. US exports into Vietnam increased five folds in the last 10 years. During this trip, businesses from both sides will sign many deals worth billions of dollars, creating tens of thousands of American jobs and boost exports from the US to Vietnam and vice versa, thus raising the livelihood of workers in both countries.  Our economies are fully complementary and with increasing trade come stronger mutual benefits.  Vietnam is importing in fast increasing number Boeing airplanes, Lockheed Martin satellites to strengthen our transportation and communication systems, as well as GE’s turbines to transition to a greener and cleaner energy sector.  Underwriter Laboratories newly built lab is providing certification services to ensure Vietnamese products meet global standards.  Agricultural imports from the US, including 0.5 million tons of cotton and 1.5 million tons of soybean, maize and corn in 2016 alone, are helping Vietnamese textile and aqua-culture products engage deeper into the global supply chain. In return, we are exporting to the US shrimps, tra/basa fish, tropical fruits, apparels, and footwear that are well liked by American consumers.  In May 2017, Vinamilk, the Vietnamese biggest diary group, imported 2,000 high-yield dairy cows and is expected to buy another 8,000 from the US to produce high-quality milk for Vietnamese children. More than 31,000 Vietnamese students are pursuing their higher education in the US.  They will be enormous resources for development in economic, science and technology fields for Vietnam as well as the strong foundation for bilateral relations.  The Fulbright University Vietnam and the Peace Corps programme will soon be launched in Vietnam to give Vietnamese students access to a world class education system and English language learning opportunities.  Furthermore, they will also stand as the vivid testaments of our growing bilateral relations. In Quang Nam, my beloved hometown, our work to preserve the natural beauty of Cua Dai beach and the heritage of Hoi An Old Town receive the wholehearted support from many American friends.  We are also grateful to the experts and scholars from Harvard University (MA), Portland University (OR), University of Arizona (AZ) and many other US research and training institutions for sharing with us their experience in disaster relief, climate change response and human resource development.  Wounds of the war are being healed with efforts to clean up dioxin hotspots and unexploded ordnance.  This genuine and sincere assistance is the solid building blocks for mutual trust and understanding, hence the foundation for a lasting relationship between Vietnam and the US decades to come. More than 20 years ago, many Americans only heard of Vietnam as the name of a war. But nowadays, they know of Vietnam as a sovereign nation with an independent foreign policy, a partner that deeply values its relations with the US and constantly seeks to reinforce a stable, long-term relationship with the US on the basis of mutual benefits and respect for each other’s sovereignty, political system, in the interest of peace, security, stability, cooperation and development in the region and the world at large. We wish to establish a strong working relationship with the Administration of President Trump to ensure not only the interest of the Vietnamese and American people but also the benefits of the ASEAN Community, for the sake of peace, security, stability, cooperation and prosperity of the Asia Pacific and the entire world.  In November this year, Vietnam will host the APEC Summit 2017 under the theme of “Creating new dynamism, fostering a shared future”. We welcome President Trump’s early acceptance of our invitation to attend this important Summit and look forward to building a substantive and effective agenda with the US and other member economies of the APEC. With such progress made in the past 20 years, we have all the reasons to believe that the Vietnam-US relationship will continue to flourish in the next 20 years and beyond.” VNA VN Prime Minister’s message during US visit, Government news, Vietnam breaking news, politic news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, vn news   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Vietnam, Myanmar hold seventh political consultation Legislators scrutinise several draft laws on May 30 Vietnamese Gov’t to prevent fishing in foreign waters Vietnam, UN set cooperative development model Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc's first activities in the US PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc grants interview to Bloomberg PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc affirms support for Nasdaq’s cooperation with Vietnamese firms PM Nguyen Xuan Phuc meets VN delegation to UN, VN businesses in the US Asiaplomacy: Trump goes historic on Vietnam National Assembly Chairwoman: Vietnam treasures ties with Japan     Top Stories Multi-million dollar live-chat services expected to see big investments STEM education can succeed at schools with poor conditions SK beauty services to land in Vietnam after tariff cuts The black canals in HCM City Which investment channel can bring the highest profit? Big M&A deals in the property market in early 2017 Plastic bottle house promotes environment protection in Hanoi Vietnamese universities absent from international rankings Vietnamese prefer to shop on e-Bay, Amazon, Alibaba PM’s instruction to close natural forests ignored by illegal loggers Latest News Gangwon to play in friendly with HCM City HCM City launches digital traffic app Thai Son Nam in Group A of futsal champs Vietnam to equitise 137 more state-owned enterprises by 2020 26% increase in average peak attack size: Verisign Five Vietnam's operators in most valuable telecom brands Finance Ministry makes Suntory Pepsi tax ruling Dutch Queen visits farmers, businesses in Lam Dong 30% surge in international tourists to Vietnam Four members of Vietnam National University receive accreditation in educational quality     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Orbital ATK OBV Rocket and ICBM Target Successfully Complete Missile Defense Interceptor Test DULLES, Va.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Orbital ATK (NYSE: OA), a global leader in aerospace and defense technologies, successfully launched and tested its Orbital Boost Vehicle (OBV) rocket for the U.S. Missile Defense Agency (MDA) as part of the Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) FTG-15 Flight Test. The company also supplied its Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) target rocket for this critical national security system test. The OBV was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California, on May 30, 2017. Orbital ATK provides the OBV to MDA as part of an industry team led by The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA). “This flight test was a major undertaking for Orbital ATK as we supplied both the boost vehicle for the interceptor and the target,” said Rich Straka, Vice President and General Manager of Orbital ATK’s Launch Vehicles Division. “Today’s successful test confirms the United States’ missile defense program stands ready to protect against long-range missile attacks, and we are proud to be a part of that team.” FTG-15 was the first flight of the “C2” configuration of the OBV, which includes upgraded avionics and safety systems to address new requirements and obsolescence issues with the legacy vehicles. It was also the first flight of the ICBM range target. MDA’s goal is to expand the Ground Based Interceptor (GBI) fleet to 44 missiles by the end of 2017. “Orbital ATK is honored to be a part of MDA’s charge to strengthen the national defenses from 30 to 44 GBI Interceptors in 2017,” said Straka. “We understand the importance of this goal and, we are focused on mission success.” Following a preliminary post-flight analysis of the data collected from the mission, MDA and the GMD team confirmed all primary OBV objectives for the interceptor test were achieved. These included pre-launch built-in test functionality, silo launch and fly out of the OBV, and accurate booster delivery of the Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle (EKV) to enable intercept of the target. The MDA/Orbital ATK ICBM Team also confirmed nominal operation of the target, meeting all primary mission objectives. The ICBM is largest target in a broader family of targets that Orbital ATK supplies to the MDA for Ballistic Missile Defense System testing. Orbital ATK’s missile defense interceptors and related target vehicles are primarily produced at the company’s engineering and manufacturing facility in Chandler, Arizona, with solid rocket motor propulsion manufactured in Magna, Utah, and its vehicle assembly and integration facilities at Vandenberg Air Force Base, California, and Huntsville, Alabama. Today’s OBV mission was executed under the GMD Development and Sustainment Contract, which continues through at least 2018. Orbital ATK developed the OBV under a multi-year contract with Boeing that began in 2002. Together the OBV and the EKV comprise the GBI, which is assembled by Boeing. The ICBM target was provided under the Intermediate Range Ballistic Missile contract, which continues at least thru 2019 with options for additional target vehicles and launches. About Orbital ATK Orbital ATK is a global leader in aerospace and defense technologies. The company designs, builds and delivers space, defense and aviation systems for customers around the world, both as a prime contractor and merchant supplier. Its main products include launch vehicles and related propulsion systems; missile products, subsystems and defense electronics; precision weapons, armament systems and ammunition; satellites and associated space components and services; and advanced aerospace structures. Headquartered in Dulles, Virginia, Orbital ATK employs approximately 12,500 people in 18 states across the U.S. and in several international locations. For more information, visit www.orbitalatk.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Clientron Showcases Multiple Innovations of Thin Client and POS Products at Computex Taipei 2017 Next PostNext 4finance publie ses résultats pour le premier trimestre 2017 Search Recent Posts Interposer Market by 2D, 2.5D and 3D Interposer Types, Key Manufacturers and Main Regions Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for May 31: Historic Deluge Sludge Treatment Chemicals Market Rugged Expansion Foreseen by 2021 Boyden Announces Key Changes in UK Western Hemisphere: Background Briefing: Senior State Department Officials on the OAS Meeting on Venezuela Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Airlines / Aviation LATEST NEWS Mystery ends: Subhash Chandra Bose died in plane crash in 1945, Govt says in a RTI reply Stay united despite US doubts about Paris deal: UN Nepal pushes back polls a third time, risks monsoon clash RBI to strike less hawkish tone while standing pat: Poll View: An Ambani default won't fly in India's banking mess Novartis continues to review 'all options' for Alcon unit Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinanceInsure Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportRoadwaysTechTelecomMiscellaneousDefenceEquipment & Ordnancemobility & weaponsSportsCSRInitiativesPolicyEnvironment RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportRoadways ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 12:25 PM | 31 Maymarket stats SENSEX 31,19232.16 NIFTY 50 9,6327.40 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,661-80.00 USD/INR 64.53-0.14 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Blatant irregularities hastened Air India’s downfall: CBI By Neeraj Chauhan , TNN | May 31, 2017, 10.56 AM IST Post a Comment As per CBI, the civil aviation ministry decided to purchase 111 aircraft for Air India costing about Rs 70,000 crore at a time when the airline was showing a profit of about Rs 100 crore and didn’t have the capacity to purchase even a few aircraft. Company Summary NSE BSE SpiceJet Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES kingfisher Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Jet Airways Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation's three FIRs in the 'Air India scam' which took place during the UPA regime have alleged blatant irregularities which hastened the downfall of the national carrier. The FIRs, accessed by TOI, said the civil aviation ministry decided to purchase 111 aircraft for Air India costing about Rs 70,000 crore at a time when the airline was showing a profit of about Rs 100 crore and didn't have the capacity to purchase even a few aircraft. Due to this particular decision, the airline immediately went into huge losses, which increased every year to reach tens of thousands of crores, the CBI said, quoting from the allegation levelled by activist-lawyer Prashant Bhushan in his PIL before the Supreme Court. The FIRs mentioned an internal Air India report of 2000-01 which said the airline should only lease aircraft and not go for purchase. The view was overruled by the aviation ministry, the FIR said, quoting from Bhushan's allegations which led the SC to direct a CBI probe. It was decided in 2004-05 that Air India will buy 68 aircraft instead of 28, as originally planned, a decision which quadrupled the expenditure from Rs 10,000 crore, as originally estimated, to Rs 44,000 crore. This apart, the government also decided to buy 43 planes for Indian Airlines at a cost of Rs 8,399 crore. "Concerns regarding potential difficulties of Indian Airlines in successfully funding the acquisition process with a positive NPV (net present value) was raised within civil aviation ministry, but were ignored," the CBI FIR said, referring to one of the main allegations which led the court to direct the CBI to probe the alleged scam. Interestingly, the CBI said the acquisition programme had been under consideration since 1996 but never got traction, until 2004 when it suddenly picked up speed. "Between August 2004 and December 2005, the proposals were formulated by Air India, approved by its board, examined and approved by ministry, Planning Commission, department of expenditure, group of ministers and the cabinet," the FIR said. Not just that, Air India signed the contract with Boeing to buy 68 aircraft on the same day, December 30, 2005, that the government cleared the purchase order. The CBI said NACIL (National Aviation Company of India Ltd), incorporated to merge Indian Airlines and Air India, had an equity base of only Rs 145 crore, yet it made a commitment to pay Rs 44,000 crore for procuring 111 new aircraft. It said loans for the purchase were taken from US and Indian banks, pushing the airline into debt and huge losses. Similarly, the CBI FIR into the leasing of planes said the ministry and officials of Air India/Indian Airlines decided to lease planes "dishonestly without due considerations regarding proper route study and marketing or price strategy". "The leasing was done despite airline running with very low load because of largescale aircraft acquisition and several flights, especially overseas flights running almost empty at a huge loss," the CBI said. For example, Air India leased 15 expensive planes when it did not have pilots to fly the aircraft, the FIR said, emphasising that this was "known to everyone". In another instance of alleged irregularity, Air India dry leased four Boeing 777s for a period of five years in 2006 even when new planes for the airline were set to arrive in July 2007. This "resulted in five Boeing 777s and five Boeing 737s standing idle, leading to an estimated loss of Rs 840 crore during 2007-2009", the CBI said. The third FIR to probe Air India giving up profitable routes and schedules for private airlines alleged that "foreign airlines were given unrestricted entry into India and major routes were given to them without taking any reciprocal benefits". Air India gave up Kolkata-Bangkok, Kolkata-Dhaka, Doha-Kochi, Kochi-Kuwait and domestic routes like Ahmedbad-Jaipur, Mumbai-Vadodara, Pune-Goa and Mumbai-Patna and others. "On all these routes, private airlines like Jet Airways, Kingfisher, Go Air, Indigo, Spicejet, Paramount Airways etc started operating and made profits," the FIR said. On lucrative routes like Mumbai-Dubai and Mumbai-Doha, Air India reduced its flights and gave private airlines major market share, it added. (This article was originally published in The Times of India) Comments(0)Add Comments Blatant irregularities hastened Air India’s downfall: CBI To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Government open to privatise Air India Niti Aayog proposes total privatisation of Air India Air India to add 7 international destinations this year Aviation ministry to plan path for Air India this week Air India plane overshoots Pune Airport runway READ MORE ONSpiceJetPrashant BhushankingfisherJet AirwaysIndigoindian airlinesCentral Bureau of Investigation Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Increase targeted visits on your website COLOMBIA 12 Bollywood movies based on real life stories CRITICSUNION 10 Most Gorgeous ‘Off the Grid’ Homes CrazyFreelancerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Dollar edges up, markets take N.Korea missile test in stride Divorcing from tennis? Not so sure anymore says Schiavone Fifteen stocks in focus on Monday, 29 May 2017 From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times In conversation with Vivek Wadhwa State Farm Insurance 1 week ago, we lost our daughter to this Milaap Visit This Amazing Hotel Run by Robots MSN Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads Madras High Court judge comes out in support of Aamir Khan Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years Fleet Review: 6 facts about India's show of strength 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Barring 6 states and Chandigarh, India to turn power surplus this fiscal Over 10 banks red flag Anil Ambani's Reliance Communications over missed loan payments Cattle slaughter ban making global brands like Zara, Marks & Spencer and Prada jittery Govt plans to auction nominated fields of ONGC, OIL to private players to boost output Indian Railways to pour more money into Rail Neer brand More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebNarendra Modi in Spain|Top 10 mutual funds RERA|Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Emirates' first-class gets smaller as premium demand shrinks Emirates Airlines aircrafts are seen at Dubai International Airport. PHOTO: REUTERS Published5 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4L5H Copy ABU DHABI (BLOOMBERG) - Emirates is overhauling its first-class offering, reducing the number of available berths, as it seeks to cater to the world's wealthiest travellers amid slowing growth. The airline's new premium section, to be featured on its Boeing 777-300ERs, will have six private suites instead of eight, Emirates said in an e-mailed statement. The cabins will be presented in November sporting "a totally fresh new look", said  Mr Tim Clark, Emirates president. Emirates, which has been developing new first-class cabins for several years, has been hit by falling demand from premium Gulf passengers and industry-wide concerns about terrorism. To cope with some of the toughest operating conditions in its 30-year history, Emirates is revamping the bars on its Airbus A-380s, mulling over a premium-economy class for the first time and considering introducing narrow-bodies to its all-wide-body fleet in cooperation with low-cost sister carrier FlyDubai. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up The smaller cabins come just after Qatar Airways announced its Qsuite, a new business-class section with double beds that morph into meeting rooms. The market for the most expensive seats on an aircraft is at a crossroads, with many carriers either scaling back first-class offerings, while others such as Etihad Airways are taking the opposite approach by adding three-room cabins. Emirates, which is also known for onboard showers, will show its new first-class cabins and the corresponding routes at the biennial Dubai Airshow. Topics:  AIRLINES UNITED ARAB EMIRATES More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/4L5H Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content lg_a125972_2017may29_strosnative.jpg LG OLED TV vs. Conventional TVs: What’s the difference? starhub-french-open_st-native_300x200.jpg 7 tennis stars you’ll need to know when you watch the French Open ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Wednesday, May 31, 2017Switch to हिन्दी SportsTracker From aerodynamics to tyres, all F1 rule changes for 2017 season explained Front Page Politics Yogi Adityanath arrives in Ayodhya, day after court charges Advani, Bharti, Joshi in Babri demolition case Odisha CHSE Class 12th board exam results 2017 declared: Check your grades on orissaresults.nic.in Ban on sale, purchase of cattle a gross injustice to farmers: Sharad Pawar Babri Masjid case: BJP defends accused even as Congress demands Uma Bharti's resignation Ban on cattle sale: Opposition calls Centre's move an 'attempt to encroach upon powers of states' Kerala cow slaughter becomes poll issue in Gujarat, as BJP attacks Congress, calls it a 'sinking ship' Sports Champions Trophy 2017: Harbhajan Singh gets backing of Pakistan's Saqlain Mushtaq for India spot India vs Pakistan: Politics and rhetoric reduce clashes between arch-rivals to just a sideshow Champions Trophy 2017: Andrew Strauss says IPL helped England players gain 'vital experience' French Open 2017: Rafael Nadal taking on 'dangerous' Robin Haase and other interesting ties of Day 4 AFC Cup: Depleted Mohun Bagan look to end poor season with victory over Abahani Limited Dhaka French Open 2017 : Rafael Nadal's coach Carlos Moya advises him to ignore all talk of 10th title India Humans of Hindutva Facebook page blocked temporarily; 'collective effort to muzzle voices,' says admin Iran threatens to let Russian cos develop Farzad B gas field after India plans to cut oil purchase After three days of curfew and shutdowns, Kashmir Valley limps back to normalcy Fearing China backlash, India to not include Australia in joint naval drills involving US and Japan in the Bay of Bengal Not linked your Aadhaar with PAN yet? Just send an SMS, says I-T dept Madras HC stays ban on sale of cattle for slaughter: Defending its move could embarrass Narendra Modi govt World Blast near Indian embassy in Kabul kills 49, injures 300; Modi briefed, Sushma Swaraj says 'staff safe' France used anti-terrorism laws to curb legitimate protest, says Amnesty International Manchester terror attack probe: UK police release 3 suspects, 11 remain in detention Fearing China backlash, India to not include Australia in joint naval drills involving US and Japan in the Bay of Bengal Activist arrested for investigating working conditions at factory manufacturing Ivanka Trump brand in China Meet BlessU-2: Unveiled to mark 500 years of Reformation, this robot 'priest' will forgive your sins in five languages Business Narendra Modi's four-nation tour: PM missed a chance to talk on IT with Merkel, but it's still not late Not linked your Aadhaar with PAN yet? Just send an SMS, says I-T dept Narendra Modi's four-nation tour: India, Europe fresh trade treaty talks a win-win for both IT jobs in India seen declining 14% by 2021 as automation puts 480,000 workers at risk Narendra Modi's four-nation tour: Make in India outreach programme has attracted many German SMEs, says PM Amazon shares break $1,000, beating Google's Alphabet; analysts see more gains Entertainment Sexism in stand-up comedy; or what happens when you ask a boys' club why it’s a boys' club Akshay Kumar, Raveena Tandon to judge The Great Indian Laughter Challenge? Robert De Niro tells Brown graduates the US is now a 'tragic, dumbass comedy' Priyanka Chopra's third Hollywood film will be a rom-com with Rebel Wilson, Liam Hemsworth? Victoria & Abdul trailer: Little known story about Queen's relationship with her closest confidant Game of Thrones season seven episodes will have longer run-time, to make up for fewer numbers Photos Videos F.Shows TECH2 हिंदी CT 2017 Oppo You are here: Latest News Fwire News U.S. proposes fining United $435,000 over 2014 flights | Reuters U.S. proposes fining United $435,000 over 2014 flights | Reuters FwireReutersMay, 31 2017 06:33:38 IST #Reuters WASHINGTON The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration on Tuesday proposed fining United Airlines (UAL.N) $435,000 for operating 23 flights in 2014 with a Boeing 787 that the government alleged was not in airworthy condition. The FAA alleged that in June 2014, United mechanics replaced a fuel pump pressure switch on the Boeing Co (BA.N) aircraft but failed to perform a required inspection before returning the aircraft to service. A United spokesman said, "The safety of our customers and employees is our top priority. We immediately took action after identifying the issue and are working closely with the FAA in their review." (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. #Reuters Published Date: May 31, 2017 06:33 am | Updated Date: May 31, 2017 06:33 am Also See Homes of Chidambaram, son searched by CBI in criminal probe | Reuters Soccer - Present perfect, future tense for Indian upstarts Aizawl FC | Reuters Oddities in WannaCry ransomware puzzle cybersecurity researchers | Reuters Group linked to NSA spy leaks threatens sale of new tech secrets | Reuters Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 1 ENG Vs BAN 2 Jun 2 AUS Vs NZ 3 Jun 3 SL Vs SA 4 Jun 4 IND Vs PAK 5 Jun 5 AUS Vs BAN Full Schedule Top Stories Delhi University's unrealistic cut-offs give nightmares to students, parents; CBSE must rethink evaluation process With Accused in Tow, CM Yogi Offers Prayers at Ram Lalla Shrine in Ayodhya Blast near Indian embassy in Kabul kills 49, injures 300; Modi briefed, Sushma Swaraj says 'staff safe' Champions Trophy 2017: India gave their most comprehensive bowling display in recent times vs Bangladesh Health insurance: Why taking a policy at the earliest helps Narendra Modi's four-nation tour: India, Europe fresh trade treaty talks a win-win for both Yogi Adityanath arrives in Ayodhya, day after court charges Advani, Bharti, Joshi in Babri demolition case Dasari Narayana Rao dead at 75: Telugu cinema loses one of its most forceful voices Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs BAN ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 NZ Vs SL New Zealand beat Sri Lanka by 6 wickets South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA South Africa beat England by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs NZ India beat New Zealand by 45 runs (D/L method) South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA England beat South Africa by 2 runs ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 BAN Vs PAK Pakistan beat Bangladesh by 2 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS Vs SL Australia beat Sri Lanka by 2 wickets Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 BAN Vs NZ Bangladesh beat New Zealand by 5 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 1 run ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs BAN - Jun 1st, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs NZ - Jun 2nd, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 3rd, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL vs SA - Jun 3rd, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 4th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs PAK - Jun 4th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs BAN - Jun 5th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 6th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs NZ - Jun 6th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK vs SA - Jun 7th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
India World Videos Photos Cricket Movies Auto Sports Lifestyle Tech Education Business Cosmopolitan NEWS LIST INDIA WORLD PHOTOS VIDEOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS News Inbox Top News Most Read Editor's Picks Funalytics Opinion Hot Right Now See MoreSee Less India Today NEWS TV MAGAZINE Search Jobs Best Colleges 2017 &amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2723361;g=0;c=821003795;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=2;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;gt; Mail Today &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;img width=1 height=1 border=0 src="http://m4.zedo.com/log/p.gif?a=2650544;g=0;c=821003559;x=23040;n=821;i=0;e=i;s=8;z=[timestamp]"&amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; Movies India World Photos videos Cricket Tech FYI Auto Lifestyle Travel Sports Politics Food Education Business Money Top news Opinion Most Read Editor's Pick Funalytics Cosmopolitan News Mail Today facbook twitter googlepluse Air India-Indian Airlines merger, purchase of 111 aircraft collective decision of UPA government: Praful Patel Former civil aviation minister Praful Patel in a statement today said all the decisions made during Air India-Indian Airlines merger were made collectively. Atir Khan  | Posted by Shraddha Jandial  Follow @atirwkhan   atir.khan@aajtak.com New Delhi, May 31, 2017 | UPDATED 06:04 IST A +A - Picture for representation Highlights 1 All three organisations under the then minister Praful Patel, were fully aware that the purchase. 2 Public servants of MoCA, Air India ordered purchase of 111 aircraft 3 Such an ambitious purchase order was made without studying requirements. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) blamed Ministry of Civil Aviation (MoCA), Public Sector Investment Board and Planning Commission, National Aviation Corporation of India Ltd for entering into a "disastrous" deal of acquisition of 111 Boeing and Airbus aircraft for the national carriers during UPA's regime. The FIR registered by the agency in this connection says all three organisations including MoCA, under the then minister Praful Patel, were fully aware that the purchase would be a recipe for disaster, yet allowed it to happen. MISUSE OF POWER The public servants of MoCA and Air India, by misusing their official positions ordered purchase of 111 aircraft pegged at Rs 67,000 crores. Such an ambitious purchase order was made without studying requirements, requisite transparency, and proper application of mind causing loss to the government exchequer. Reacting to reports, former civil aviation minister Praful Patel said in a statement: "The CBI started a preliminary enquiry in 2013 during UPA regime. I do not wish to comment on CBI action as it does not name any individual. All decisions were multi-tiered and collective. The aircraft purchase order was cleared by an EGOM headed by P Chidamabaram and the merger was cleared by an EGOM headed by Pranab Mukherjee. Both decisions were ratified by the cabinet." The entire acquisition was to be funded through debt (to be repaid through revenue generation), except for a relatively small equity infusion of Rs 325 crore by IAL. It was concluded in the CAG report that large acquisition was driven by the MoCA. Also Read CBI to probe Air India-Indian Airlines merger, aviation deals signed under UPA tenure Also Watch:   For more news from India Today, follow us on Twitter @indiatoday and on Facebook at facebook.com/IndiaToday For news and videos in Hindi, go to AajTak.in. ताज़ातरीन ख़बरों और वीडियो के लिए आजतक.इन पर आएं.     # Air India# Indian Airlines   Suggested Stories Recommended Watch Right Now Top Takes NEWS INDIA WORLD PHOTOS CRICKET MOVIES AUTO SPORTS LIFESTYLE TECH EDUCATION BUSINESS SITEMAP Copyright © 2017 Living Media India Limited. For reprint rights: Syndications Today.       
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home World news Pentagon successfully tests ICBM defense system for first time Pentagon successfully tests ICBM defense system for first time The U.S. military on Tuesday cheered a successful, first-ever missile defense test involving a simulated attack by an intercontinental ballistic missile, in a major milestone for a program meant to defend against a mounting North Korean threat. By: Reuters | Washington | Published: May 31, 2017 6:10 AM The U.S. military fired an ICBM-type missile from the Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands toward the waters just south of Alaska. It then fired a missile to intercept it from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California.(Reuters) The U.S. military on Tuesday cheered a successful, first-ever missile defense test involving a simulated attack by an intercontinental ballistic missile, in a major milestone for a program meant to defend against a mounting North Korean threat. The U.S. military fired an ICBM-type missile from the Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands toward the waters just south of Alaska. It then fired a missile to intercept it from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. Experts compare the job to hitting a bullet with another bullet and note the complexity is magnified by the enormous distances involved. The Missile Defense Agency said it was the first live-fire test against a simulated ICBM for the Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD), managed by Boeing Co, and hailed it as an “incredible accomplishment.” “This system is vitally important to the defense of our homeland, and this test demonstrates that we have a capable, credible deterrent against a very real threat,” Vice Admiral Jim Syring, director of the agency, said in a statement. You may also like to watch: A successful test was by no means guaranteed and the Pentagon sought to manage expectations earlier in the day, noting that the United States had multiple ways to try to shoot down a missile from North Korea. “This is one element of a broader missile defense strategy that we can use to employ against potential threats,” Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis told reporters. Prior to Tuesday’s launch, the GMD system had successfully hit its target in only nine of 17 tests since 1999. The last test was in 2014. North Korea has dramatically ramped up missile tests over the past year in its effort to develop an ICBM that can strike the U.S. mainland. The continental United States is around 9,000 km (5,500 miles) from North Korea. ICBMs have a minimum range of about 5,500 km (3,400 miles), but some are designed to travel 10,000 km (6,200 miles) or farther. Riki Ellison, founder of the Missile Defense Advocacy Alliance, described the test as “vital” prior to launch. “We are replicating our ability to defend the United States of America from North Korea, today,” Ellison said. Failure could have deepened concern about a program that according to one estimate has so far cost more than $40 billion. Its success could translate into calls by Congress to speed development. In the fiscal year 2018 budget proposal sent to Congress last week, the Pentagon requested $7.9 billion for the Missile Defense Agency, including about $1.5 billion for the GMD program. A 2016 assessment released by the Pentagon’s weapons testing office in January said that U.S. ground-based interceptors meant to knock out any incoming ICBM still had low reliability, giving the system a limited capability of shielding the United States. No Comments. Don't Miss Hizbul Mujahideen latest terrorist batch picture released, training underway in Muzaffarabad, PoK Yogi Adityanath in Ayodhya Live updates: UP Chief Minister visits makeshift temple in Ram Janambhoomi-Babri Masjid complex Kabul blast LIVE updates: Massive explosion rocks Afghanistan capital, several reported dead RCom's massive debt: Will Mukesh Ambani bail out younger brother Anil from a default? You can buy cattle for slaughter from farms: Meet Gauri Maulekhi, the woman behind the new Cattle sale law Kabul blast: PM Modi 'strongly condemns' terrorist explosion, says India stands with Afghanistan Why Germany is India's most important global partner: Read what PM Narendra Modi says Cattle slaughter ban: IIT Madras students protest against attack on PhD scholar for organising 'Beef Fest' Kabul blast: 9 killed, several injured in Afghanistan; all we know so far Modi’s GST to prompt 1,000 new IPOs as companies will have nothing to hide, BSE CEO says Business Gallery Cyclone Mora hits Bangladesh: Over 3 lakh people shifted; here’s a glimpse of the extreme weather conditions PM Narendra Modi meets Chancellor Angela Merkel; more images from his Germany visit Delhi Metro Heritage Line: With art installations and 3D panels, the new Purple Line is sure to flatter; take a look Sri Lanka floods: Indian Navy’s INS Kirch reaches for rescue operations; take a look Dhola-Sadiya bridge images: Indian Army’s powerful tanks can roll on it! All about India’s longest river bridge Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News बम धमाके से दहला काबुल,19 लोगों की मौत, 319 घायल, भारतीय दूतावास की टूटी खिड़कियां अयोध्या: हनुमान गढ़ी में पूजा और राम लला के दर्शन के बाद सरयू घाट पहुंचे मुख्यमंत्री योगी आदित्यनाथ नरेंद्र मोदी की रैली के लिए बीजेपी नेता ने बुक कराई थी ट्रेन, 6 नोटिस भेजने के बावजूद नहीं भरा 12 लाख का बिल Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Login Learn more about Thomson Reuters Foundation Sign up for our Newsletter Home Women's Rights Climate Trafficking Property Rights Humanitarian Food Videos Search Pentagon successfully tests ICBM defense system for first time by Reuters Tuesday, 30 May 2017 22:24 GMT About our Humanitarian coverage From major disaster, conflicts and under-reported stories, we shine a light on the world’s humanitarian hotspots Share: Newsletter sign up: Most Popular In drought-stricken Mali, women manoeuvre for land - and a future Coming home from Cameroon, Nigerian refugees strain Boko Haram-hit northeast Female-only "Wonder Woman" screenings set off online complaints As disaster hits again, early warning text messages fly in Sri Lanka Cash-strapped cities struggle to clean up their climate act (Adds details on test) By Phil Stewart and Lucy Nicholson WASHINGTON/VANDENBERG AIR FORCE BASE, Calif., May 30 (Reuters) - T he U.S. military on Tuesday cheered a successful, first-ever missile defense test involving a simulated attack by an intercontinental ballistic missile, in a major milestone for a program meant to defend against a mounting North Korean threat. The U.S. military fired an ICBM-type missile from the Kwajalein Atoll in the Marshall Islands toward the waters just south of Alaska. It then fired a missile to intercept it from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. Experts compare the job to hitting a bullet with another bullet and note the complexity is magnified by the enormous distances involved. The Missile Defense Agency said it was the first live-fire test against a simulated ICBM for the Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD), managed by Boeing Co, and hailed it as an "incredible accomplishment." "This system is vitally important to the defense of our homeland, and this test demonstrates that we have a capable, credible deterrent against a very real threat," Vice Admiral Jim Syring, director of the agency, said in a statement. A successful test was by no means guaranteed and the Pentagon sought to manage expectations earlier in the day, noting that the United States had multiple ways to try to shoot down a missile from North Korea. "This is one element of a broader missile defense strategy that we can use to employ against potential threats," Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis told reporters. Prior to Tuesday's launch, the GMD system had successfully hit its target in only nine of 17 tests since 1999. The last test was in 2014. North Korea has dramatically ramped up missile tests over the past year in its effort to develop an ICBM that can strike the U.S. mainland. The continental United States is around 9,000 km (5,500 miles) from North Korea. ICBMs have a minimum range of about 5,500 km (3,400 miles), but some are designed to travel 10,000 km (6,200 miles) or farther. Riki Ellison, founder of the Missile Defense Advocacy Alliance, described the test as "vital" prior to launch. "We are replicating our ability to defend the United States of America from North Korea, today," Ellison said. Failure could have deepened concern about a program that according to one estimate has so far cost more than $40 billion. Its success could translate into calls by Congress to speed development. In the fiscal year 2018 budget proposal sent to Congress last week, the Pentagon requested $7.9 billion for the Missile Defense Agency, including about $1.5 billion for the GMD program. A 2016 assessment released by the Pentagon's weapons testing office in January said that U.S. ground-based interceptors meant to knock out any incoming ICBM still had low reliability, giving the system a limited capability of shielding the United States. (Additional reporting by Idrees Ali in Washington; Editing by Steve Orlofsky and James Dalgleish) Themes Natural Disasters War and Conflict Share Tweet Share Email EXPLORE MORE Humanitarian NEWS Magnitude 6.6 quake hits Indonesia's Sulawesi island, causing panic Original Sri Lanka's flood survivors threatened by dengue, disease - aid workers Sri Lanka faces more landslide risks as death toll rises to 151 Sri Lanka seeks international help after deadly flooding, landslides About Thomson Reuters Foundation News news.trust.org Our global editorial team of almost 40 journalists and 100 freelancers covers the world’s under-reported stories at the heart of aid, development, women’s rights, human trafficking, property rights, and climate change. Find out more Find out more Newsletter sign up: Terms and Conditions Privacy and Cookies Acceptable Use Policy Contact Us Trust Principles Copyright © 2017 Thomson Reuters Foundation. Thomson Reuters Foundation is a charity registered in England and Wales (registration number: 1082139) Latest News Volcanic rock stoves cook food - and protect forests - in Uganda FEATURE-Syrian refugee rape survivor turns pain into power: 'I have to spread this message' Attacked for body parts, Tanzanian albino children get new limbs in US Sri Lanka battles to get relief to stranded flood-hit villages Coming home from Cameroon, Nigerian refugees strain Boko Haram-hit northeast Four men jailed for trafficking Polish workers to Britain As disaster hits again, early warning text messages fly in Sri Lanka FACTBOX-Forgotten crisis: violence in Central African Republic Charity calls for 'period emoji' to address taboo of menstruation Kenyans forced off tea highlands by British colonialists seek justice Join Us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Orbital ATK OBV Rocket and ICBM Target Successfully Complete Missile Defense Interceptor Test DULLES, Va.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Orbital ATK (NYSE: OA), a global leader in aerospace and defense technologies, successfully launched and tested its Orbital Boost Vehicle (OBV) rocket for the U.S. Missile Defense Agency (MDA) as part of the Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) FTG-15 Flight Test. The company also supplied its Intercontinental Ballistic Missile (ICBM) target rocket for this critical national security system test. The OBV was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California, on May 30, 2017. Orbital ATK provides the OBV to MDA as part of an industry team led by The Boeing Company (NYSE: BA). “This flight test was a major undertaking for Orbital ATK as we supplied both the boost vehicle for the interceptor and the target,” said Rich Straka, Vice President and General Manager of Orbital ATK’s Launch Vehicles Division. “Today’s successful test confirms the United States’ missile defense program stands ready to protect against long-range missile attacks, and we are proud to be a part of that team.” FTG-15 was the first flight of the “C2” configuration of the OBV, which includes upgraded avionics and safety systems to address new requirements and obsolescence issues with the legacy vehicles. It was also the first flight of the ICBM range target. MDA’s goal is to expand the Ground Based Interceptor (GBI) fleet to 44 missiles by the end of 2017. “Orbital ATK is honored to be a part of MDA’s charge to strengthen the national defenses from 30 to 44 GBI Interceptors in 2017,” said Straka. “We understand the importance of this goal and, we are focused on mission success.” Following a preliminary post-flight analysis of the data collected from the mission, MDA and the GMD team confirmed all primary OBV objectives for the interceptor test were achieved. These included pre-launch built-in test functionality, silo launch and fly out of the OBV, and accurate booster delivery of the Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle (EKV) to enable intercept of the target. The MDA/Orbital ATK ICBM Team also confirmed nominal operation of the target, meeting all primary mission objectives. The ICBM is largest target in a broader family of targets that Orbital ATK supplies to the MDA for Ballistic Missile Defense System testing. Orbital ATK’s missile defense interceptors and related target vehicles are primarily produced at the company’s engineering and manufacturing facility in Chandler, Arizona, with solid rocket motor propulsion manufactured in Magna, Utah, and its vehicle assembly and integration facilities at Vandenberg Air Force Base, California, and Huntsville, Alabama. Today’s OBV mission was executed under the GMD Development and Sustainment Contract, which continues through at least 2018. Orbital ATK developed the OBV under a multi-year contract with Boeing that began in 2002. Together the OBV and the EKV comprise the GBI, which is assembled by Boeing. The ICBM target was provided under the Intermediate Range Ballistic Missile contract, which continues at least thru 2019 with options for additional target vehicles and launches. About Orbital ATK Orbital ATK is a global leader in aerospace and defense technologies. The company designs, builds and delivers space, defense and aviation systems for customers around the world, both as a prime contractor and merchant supplier. Its main products include launch vehicles and related propulsion systems; missile products, subsystems and defense electronics; precision weapons, armament systems and ammunition; satellites and associated space components and services; and advanced aerospace structures. Headquartered in Dulles, Virginia, Orbital ATK employs approximately 12,500 people in 18 states across the U.S. and in several international locations. For more information, visit www.orbitalatk.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DEADLINE ALERT: Brower Piven Alerts Shareholders Of Approaching Deadline In Class Action Lawsuit And Encourages Those With Losses In Excess Of $100,000 From Investment In Ocwen Financial Corporation To Contact The Firm Next PostNext Top 5 Vendors in the Global Superconducting Magnetic Energy Storage Market from 2017-2021: Technavio Search Recent Posts Phoenix SEO Lab: Making Significant Upgrades to Existing Website Levine Family Law Group Receives “Pro Bono Leadership Award” eBay Inc. Prices $2.5 Billion Senior Unsecured Notes Offering Top 5 Vendors in the Global Superconducting Magnetic Energy Storage Market from 2017-2021: Technavio Orbital ATK OBV Rocket and ICBM Target Successfully Complete Missile Defense Interceptor Test Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Travel Emirates’ first-class gets cozier as premium demand shrinks Wednesday May 31, 2017 06:48 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Two charged for wrecking Singapore restaurant over S$28 bill The Edit: Android creator Andy Rubin launches Essential Phone Two years later, police officer who shot Tamir Rice fired The Edit: Watch this man’s unreal Wonder Woman transformation Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Emirates is revamping the bars on its Airbus SE A380s, mulling a premium-economy class for the first time. — AFP picDUBAI, May 31 — Emirates is overhauling its first-class offering, reducing the number of available berths, as it seeks to cater to the world’s wealthiest travelers amid slowing growth. The airline’s new premium section, to be featured on its Boeing Co 777-300ERs, will have six private suites instead of eight, Emirates said in an e-mailed statement. The cabins will be presented in November sporting “a totally fresh new look,” said Tim Clark, Emirates president. Emirates, which has been developing new first-class cabins for several years, has been hit by falling demand from premium Gulf passengers and industry-wide concerns about terrorism. To cope with some of the toughest operating conditions in its 30-year history, Emirates is revamping the bars on its Airbus SE A380s, mulling a premium-economy class for the first time and considering introducing narrow-bodies to its all-widebody fleet in cooperation with low-cost sister carrier FlyDubai. The smaller cabins come just after Qatar Airways announced its Qsuite, a new business-class section with double-beds that morph into meeting rooms. The market for the most expensive seats on an aircraft is at a crossroads, with many carriers either scaling back first-class offerings, while others such as Etihad Airways are taking the opposite approach by adding three-room cabins. Emirates, which is also known for onboard showers, will show its new first-class cabins and the corresponding routes at the biennial Dubai Airshow. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week US says no laptop ban on board flights from Europe for now All aboard India’s new luxury affordable train EU, US to discuss possible expansion of airline laptop ban Baggage handling rates improved in 2016, with Asia Pacific carriers outperforming other regions Emirates' first-class gets cozier as premium demand shrinks All aboard India’s new luxury affordable train EU, US to discuss possible expansion of airline laptop ban US says no laptop ban on board flights from Europe for now The best apps for people who travel alone Solitaire: The desert town where trucks go to heaven Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: Olivia Newton-John reveals cancer return Novice pilots take this insane flying ATV out for a spin Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles China’s reforms not enough to arrest mounting debt, says Moody’s Emirates airline annual profit falls for the first time in five years Laptop ban hits Dubai for 1.1m weekend travellers Emirates to turn onboard bar and lounge into flying yacht Snake on a plane grounds Emirates flight Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global UAV Drones Market Analysis, Players, Opportunities, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Orbis Research OrbisResearch.com has published new research report on „Global UAV Drones Market Research Report and Forecast to 2022” to its database. DALLAS, TEXAS, UNITED STATES, May 30, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — According to Stratistics MRC, the Global UAV Drones Market is estimated at $5.93 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $22.15 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 20.7% from 2015 to 2022. Increasing demand in military applications to fight against terrorism and rising demand for actionable intelligence are the major factors propelling the market growth. Whereas privacy concerns owing to stringent government regulations and lack of professional pilots are the factors hampering the market growth. Controlling accidents of the drones is the major challenge factor for the market. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/185065 In commercial application, media and entertainment holds the largest share in market owing to its usage by professionals in capturing images and videos in the areas where they can’t reach. Agricultural application is expected to move at faster phase during forecast period. Whereas in military drones, border security segment accounted for the largest share owing to usage of drones in guarding borders and for combat missions. Spying segment is anticipated to have the lucrative share during forecast period. North America dominated the global market for UAV Drones in 2015. North America has used UAV drones in wars against terrorism and in atmospheric research for collection of samples that has made this region to hold largest market share. Asia Pacific will experience the fastest growth in the coming few years. Some of the key players in the market include The Boeing Company, Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd., Precisionhawk, BAE Systems PLC, Northrop Grumman Corp., Elbit Systems Ltd., Lockheed Martin Corp., Aerovironment, Inc., Thales SA, 3DR, Flir Systems, Inc., DJI, Parrot SA, Turkish Aerospace Industries Inc., Leonardo Spa, Dronedeploy and General Dynamics Corporation. Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/185065 Components Covered: Sensor Proximity Sensors Position Sensors Motion Sensors Temperature Sensors Light Sensors Other Sensors Camera System Lidar Camera Multispectral Camera High Resolution Camera Thermal Camera Propulsion System Navigation System Geographic Information System (GIS) Global Positioning System (GPS) Battery Other Components Types Covered: Military Drones Unmanned Combat Air Systems (UCAS) Medium-Altitude Long-Endurance (Male) UAVs Small Tactical Unmanned Aircraft Systems (Stuas) High Altitude Long Endurance (Hale) UAVs Commercial Drones VTOL Drones Hybrid Drones Rotary Blade Drones Nano Drones Fixed-Wing Drones Get the discount: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/discount/185065 Applications Covered: Military Drones Border Security Spying Combat Operations Search and Rescue Operations Commercial Drones Diy Drones (Do-It-Yourself) Precision Agriculture and Monitoring Public Infrastructure Oil and Gas Power Plants Media and Entertainment Education Law Enforcement Surveying and Mapping Retail Subsystems Covered: UAV Sub-Station Components Data Telemetry ntenna Tracking Systems Launch Systems Ground Control Stations & Simulators Training Centers Autopilot Navigation& Auto Landing Recovery UAV Device Components UAV Engines Imaging Data Centres Detectors, Spectrometers, Spectrophotometers Sense And Avoid Systems Payloads Covered: Military Drones Above 600 Kg Up to 150 Kg Up to 600 Kg Commercial Drones (Up to 25kg) Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Major Points From The Table Of Contents: 1 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Region 2 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Component 3 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Sensor 4 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Proximity Sensors 5 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Position Sensors 6 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Motion Sensors 7 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Temperature Sensors 8 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Light Sensors 9 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Other Sensors 10 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Camera System 11 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Lidar Camera 12 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Multispectral Camera 13 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By High Resolution Camera 14 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Thermal Camera 15 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Propulsion System 16 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Navigation System 17 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Geographic Information System (GIS) 18 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Global Positioning System (GPS) 19 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Battery 20 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Other Components About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Hector Costello Orbis Research +1 (214) 884-6817 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Commences an Investigation into the Proposed Sale of CardConnect Corp. and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm for Additional Information Next PostNext SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Commences an Investigation into the Proposed Sale of Tembec Inc. and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm for Additional Information Search Recent Posts Global Toddlers Toothpastes Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 New Payments Consultancy Helps “Outside-of-the-Box” Merchants Streamline & Process Credit Card Payments Eisai Enters into a New Joint Research Agreement with the Broad Institute to Develop an Antimalarial Medicine Produção do carro elétrico Tomahawk começa em 2018 Qualcomm Extends Benefits of 802.11ad Wi-Fi to Enterprises and Outdoor Environments Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global UAV Drones Market Analysis, Players, Opportunities, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Orbis Research OrbisResearch.com has published new research report on „Global UAV Drones Market Research Report and Forecast to 2022” to its database. DALLAS, TEXAS, UNITED STATES, May 30, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — According to Stratistics MRC, the Global UAV Drones Market is estimated at $5.93 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach $22.15 billion by 2022 growing at a CAGR of 20.7% from 2015 to 2022. Increasing demand in military applications to fight against terrorism and rising demand for actionable intelligence are the major factors propelling the market growth. Whereas privacy concerns owing to stringent government regulations and lack of professional pilots are the factors hampering the market growth. Controlling accidents of the drones is the major challenge factor for the market. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/185065 In commercial application, media and entertainment holds the largest share in market owing to its usage by professionals in capturing images and videos in the areas where they can’t reach. Agricultural application is expected to move at faster phase during forecast period. Whereas in military drones, border security segment accounted for the largest share owing to usage of drones in guarding borders and for combat missions. Spying segment is anticipated to have the lucrative share during forecast period. North America dominated the global market for UAV Drones in 2015. North America has used UAV drones in wars against terrorism and in atmospheric research for collection of samples that has made this region to hold largest market share. Asia Pacific will experience the fastest growth in the coming few years. Some of the key players in the market include The Boeing Company, Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd., Precisionhawk, BAE Systems PLC, Northrop Grumman Corp., Elbit Systems Ltd., Lockheed Martin Corp., Aerovironment, Inc., Thales SA, 3DR, Flir Systems, Inc., DJI, Parrot SA, Turkish Aerospace Industries Inc., Leonardo Spa, Dronedeploy and General Dynamics Corporation. Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/185065 Components Covered: Sensor Proximity Sensors Position Sensors Motion Sensors Temperature Sensors Light Sensors Other Sensors Camera System Lidar Camera Multispectral Camera High Resolution Camera Thermal Camera Propulsion System Navigation System Geographic Information System (GIS) Global Positioning System (GPS) Battery Other Components Types Covered: Military Drones Unmanned Combat Air Systems (UCAS) Medium-Altitude Long-Endurance (Male) UAVs Small Tactical Unmanned Aircraft Systems (Stuas) High Altitude Long Endurance (Hale) UAVs Commercial Drones VTOL Drones Hybrid Drones Rotary Blade Drones Nano Drones Fixed-Wing Drones Get the discount: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/discount/185065 Applications Covered: Military Drones Border Security Spying Combat Operations Search and Rescue Operations Commercial Drones Diy Drones (Do-It-Yourself) Precision Agriculture and Monitoring Public Infrastructure Oil and Gas Power Plants Media and Entertainment Education Law Enforcement Surveying and Mapping Retail Subsystems Covered: UAV Sub-Station Components Data Telemetry ntenna Tracking Systems Launch Systems Ground Control Stations & Simulators Training Centers Autopilot Navigation& Auto Landing Recovery UAV Device Components UAV Engines Imaging Data Centres Detectors, Spectrometers, Spectrophotometers Sense And Avoid Systems Payloads Covered: Military Drones Above 600 Kg Up to 150 Kg Up to 600 Kg Commercial Drones (Up to 25kg) Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 7 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Major Points From The Table Of Contents: 1 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Region 2 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Component 3 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Sensor 4 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Proximity Sensors 5 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Position Sensors 6 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Motion Sensors 7 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Temperature Sensors 8 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Light Sensors 9 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Other Sensors 10 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Camera System 11 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Lidar Camera 12 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Multispectral Camera 13 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By High Resolution Camera 14 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Thermal Camera 15 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Propulsion System 16 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Navigation System 17 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Geographic Information System (GIS) 18 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Global Positioning System (GPS) 19 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Battery 20 Global UAV Drones Market Outlook, By Other Components About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Hector Costello Orbis Research +1 (214) 884-6817 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Commences an Investigation into the Proposed Sale of Tembec Inc. and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm for Additional Information Next PostNext Global Intelligent Building Automation Technologies Market Outlook, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Toddlers Toothpastes Market 2017 Industry Key Players, Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 New Payments Consultancy Helps “Outside-of-the-Box” Merchants Streamline & Process Credit Card Payments Eisai Enters into a New Joint Research Agreement with the Broad Institute to Develop an Antimalarial Medicine Produção do carro elétrico Tomahawk começa em 2018 Qualcomm Extends Benefits of 802.11ad Wi-Fi to Enterprises and Outdoor Environments Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress

Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 26 mins S&P 500 2,412.91 -2.91 (-0.12%) Dow 30 21,029.47 -50.81 (-0.24%) Nasdaq 6,203.19 -7.00 (-0.11%) Russian test of new passenger plane takes airline industry by surprise David Reid CNBC May 29, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Irkut. A plane designed to take on Boeing and Airbus has completed its maiden flight.More Russia has surprised the airline industry by announcing the successful test flight of a new medium range passenger plane. Irkut Corporation, itself owned by state controlled United Aircraft Corporation, said its MC-21-300 had successfully flown for 30 minutes at a height of 1000 metres at a speed of 300 kilometers per hour. "[The] flight mission is accomplished. The flight went in the normal mode. There are no obstacles revealed preventing the tests continuation," the lead test pilot, Oleg Kononenko, is quoted as saying on the Irkut Corp. website, Sunday. With a capacity between 163 and 211 passengers and a maximum flight range of 6,000 kilometers, the MC-21-300, will attempt to compete with the Boeing (NYSE: BA) 737 and Airbus (Euronext Paris: AIR-FR) A320. Irkut said global demand for that area of aviation should translate to about 15,000 new aircraft worldwide across the next 20 years. The firm claimed the new plane is superior to existing rivals, highlighting its extensive use of polymer composite materials. The plane maker also lauded the new generation engines which it said reduced fuel consumption, emitted lower noise and pumped out less hazardous emissions. "[The] calculated reduction of direct operational costs for MC-21 is 12-15% lower than for counterparts," the statement added. The program cost of the plane was estimated by Russian state media at 164 billion rubles ($4.6 billion) in 2014, but delivery dates have slipped since then. Irkut said it has an initial portfolio of 175 "firm orders" which will maintain production capacity "in the coming years". More From CNBC This analyst still has a 'buy' call on AirAsia A laptop ban may extend to all international flights, US Homeland chief says Jet owned by Elvis auctioned after sitting 35 years Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Russia squares up to Boeing, Airbus with maiden jet flight Reuters With flights back in the skies, British Airways must now repair damaged reputation Reuters These are the airline credit cards offer the best bang for your buck AFP Relax News British Airways Flight Disruption Continues At Heathrow Airport International Business Times Russia's Newest Post-Soviet Airliner Is Ready to Fly Popular Mechanics Men probing Ivanka Trump brand in China arrested, missing Associated Press An Amazon engineer is letting thousands of Twitch users play the stock market with $50,000 of his own money Business Insider Study shows how GOP plan would lower premiums: ditching costly, sick people Yahoo Finance Is this multimillion-dollar Rolls-Royce the most expensive new car ever? CNBC What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, May 31 Yahoo Finance Video Housing, Beige Book — What you need to know in markets on Wednesday Yahoo Finance 'The Russians are laughing' as tensions rise between the US and Germany CNBC Spicer: Trump's relationship with Angela Merkel is 'fairly unbelievable' Business Insider Cramer: Why Amazon crossing $1000 is a potential red flag CNBC BMW Z4 successor concept unveil tipped for Pebble Beach CNET Sponsor pressure on after Tiger Woods DUI arrest Yahoo Finance Video Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? larry: Soon the White House staff will consist only of trumps family. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 335
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Russia's Newest Post-Soviet Airliner Is Ready to Fly David Grossman Popular Mechanics May 30, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Photo credit: BoeingMore From Popular Mechanics The first locally designed Russian narrowbody aircraft since the fall of the Soviet Union, the MC-21, is preparing to make its first flight by the end of the month. Hopes are high for the plane, which the Russian United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) hopes will propel a return to the global commercial aircraft market. It's been a long road for the MC-21, first conceived of in 2003 to replace the aging Tupolev Tu-204. A twin engine medium jet airliner introduced in 1989, the Tu-204 was meant to challenge American commercial industries like Boeing. As of December 2016, only 43 were in service worldwide, the majority used within Russia. Designs for the MC-21 were finalized in 2008, with UAC subsidiary Irkut leading the construction. Irkut has long had a successful military plane operation but has wanted to expand its market. The plane was initially given a fly date of 2016 which had to be pushed back due to delays in development, both technical and organizational. Certification in Russia is now expected in 2018, with a goal of the European Aviation Safety Agency granting certificate a year after that. The baseline MC-21, known as the MC-21-300, can carry 211 passengers and fly 3,200 nautical miles. There's a shorter variant, the MC-21-200, which can hold 165 passengers. Irkut went beyond Russian borders for the plane, with avionics supplied by international companies like Honeywell, Thales and Elbit Systems. But the plane was built with a distinctly Russian sensibility, with foreign suppliers setting up a modern production line in Siberia. The craft's name, MC-21, stems from the Russian acronym Magistralny Samolet 21 veka, which translates as "mainline aircraft of the 21st century." It's unclear who will buy the aircraft. So far Irkut has 175 firm orders, but these are mostly from government-owned Russian leasing companies. Maybe once the MC-21 gets into the sky, it will turn heads outside of Moscow. Source: AviationWeek You Might Also Like The 12 Best Microwave Ovens You Can Buy Right Now How to Build a Fire Pit in Your Backyard The Ultimate Gadget Guide For Your Next Vacation Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Ariel Winter Shredded for ‘Tasteless’ Memorial Day Bikini Photo 1,453 reactions5%70%25% Water cannons blast Venezuelan protesters 76 reactions7%76%17% Donald Trump's Weird Typo Becomes The Hot New Word Everyone Is Using 587 reactions4%72%24% Lindsey Vonn Posted An Unfortunate Instagram Hours After Tiger Woods Arrest 450 reactions5%75%20% Ramadan celebrations around the world 117 reactions4%69%27% 6-year-old girl competes in Scripps National Spelling Bee Luis Fonsi On Justin Bieber's Spanish, 'Despacito' Hitting No. 1 85 reactions4%80%16% Report: LaVar Ball turned down $10 million shoe contracts for his son Lonzo 2,260 reactions5%68%27% Girl defeats body-shamers by wearing everything people said she shouldn't 2,841 reactions11%57%32% Size 12 Woman Asks H&M to Solve Its ‘Absolutely Ridiculous’ Sizing Policy 751 reactions5%71%24% ISIS-linked group under heavy fire in the Philippines as civilians flee 138 reactions5%76%19% 'The Leftovers' co-creator, stars reflect on series as finale approaches Historic Pearl River Mart Reopens to Bring 'Cross-Cultural Joy' to NYC 69 reactions9%65%26% Man who killed 4 people sentenced to death in Nebraska 789 reactions6%75%19% Pelley out as 'CBS Evening News' anchor 191 reactions5%71%24% Artist Protests 'Fearless Girl' By Installing Urinating Dog At Her Feet 4,177 reactions7%62%31% Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? larry: Soon the White House staff will consist only of trumps family. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 335
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Wednesday May 31, 2017 Life & Style Technology Larger / SmallerNight Mode Samsung's woes highlight explosive limits of lithium batteries Jeremy Wagstaff 13 Oct 2016, 4:14 p.m. Consumer demand for smaller, longer lasting devices is forcing manufacturers to push the technology to the limits, battery experts say. Samsung's woes highlight explosive limits of lithium batteries A Panasonic lithium-ion flexible battery that's just 0.55 millimeters thick: Producers are pushing to develop ever smaller batteries, but there's a safety issue. Photo: Koji Ueda Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit Local Business Lithium-based batteries have been powering our portable devices for 25 years. But consumer demand for smaller, longer lasting devices is forcing manufacturers to push the technology, battery experts say, testing the limits of how much energy they can safely pack into smaller spaces. "A battery is really a bomb that releases its energy in a controlled way," says Qichao Hu, a former researcher at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and founder of SolidEnergy Systems, a battery startup. "There are fundamental safety issues to all batteries, and as you get to higher energy density and faster charge, the barrier to explosion is less and less." On Tuesday, Samsung Electronics scrapped its flagship Note 7 smartphone and told customers return their devices after weeks of bruising reports of phones igniting and images of scorched handsets. In early September, the world's largest smartphone maker blamed "a very rare manufacturing process error" for the problems. It has said it is still investigating reports of fires in a second, supposedly safe, batch of phones. Exactly what caused the problems will be the subject of detailed studies by regulators, the company and its suppliers. Experts are baffled by what could be causing the overheating in the replacement phones, if not the batteries. Samsung says it would be "premature to speculate" on the outcome of its investigations. "We are reviewing every step of our engineering, manufacturing and quality control processes," Samsung said in an emailed response to Reuters. An official at the Korean Agency for Technology and Standards, which is also investigating, said the fault in the replacement devices might not be the same as the problem in the original product. Both Samsung SDI and Amperex Technology, which supply batteries to Samsung Electronics, declined to comment. Samsung's Note 7 crisis may be its biggest, but the problems with lithium-ion are not new. The US Consumer Product Safety Commission has issued recalls for battery packs, snow blowers, flashlights and power recliners in the past year, all because of fires caused by lithium-ion batteries. In 2013, Boeing was forced to ground its entire fleet of advanced 787 jetliners after some lithium-ion batteries caught fire. The fleet was allowed to resume flights after changes were made to the battery and charger, and to better contain battery fires. "We remain confident in the comprehensive improvements made to the 787 battery system following this event, and in the overall performance of the battery system and the safety of the airplane," Boeing said in 2014 after an investigation into one incident. Light-weight, high energy Lithium is the lightest of all metals, and can pack a lot of energy into a small volume - making it perfect for batteries. The market has grown from a few hundred million cells in 2000 to 8 billion last year, according to Albemarle, a US chemical company. But for the same reason, lithium-ion batteries need safety mechanisms built in, adding to production costs. And with prices falling 14 per cent per year for the past 15 years, according to Albemarle, smaller scale players have scrimped on safety, says Lewis Larsen, CEO of Lattice Energy, a consultancy. There is no evidence Samsung or its battery suppliers cut corners with the Note 7, and Tony Olson, CEO of consultancy D2 Worldwide, said the problem was not limited to cheaper products. He ran tests on batteries in laptops a decade ago, highlighting the dangers of them catching fire. Some 9.6 million Sony laptop batteries were subsequently recalled. But when Olsen repeated the tests on other laptop batteries seven years later he found that "very little had changed in battery safety design, despite being under tremendous scrutiny." Sony, HP, Toshiba and Panasonic have all recalled laptop battery packs this year over fire hazards, according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission. Panasonic, which supplied the batteries, said the problem was caused by manufacturing issues which it had now resolved. Asked about Samsung's woes last week, Panasonic CEO Kazuhiro Tsuga told reporters lithium ion batteries could become prone to fires when density was raised and fast charging was applied. "It's a trade-off between that (risk) and benefits. We place the biggest priority on safety," Tsuga said. "With current technologies, it's extremely difficult to make it zero chance of such incidents." Greater demands Before the era of smartphones, users didn't require much of their device - a few phone calls, a few SMS messages. The phone of today, however, needs to do a lot more, and is in constant use. According to eMarketer, an advertising consultancy, Chinese mobile users, for example, spend nearly twice as long on their smartphone as they did four years ago. This in turn has pushed manufacturers into making their screens bigger and their devices more powerful, packing more energy into smaller spaces. And however sophisticated the materials, "they're not 100 per cent safe and they never will be," said Larsen, the consultant. "What we're seeing from the standpoint of lithium-ion technology is they're beginning to reach the safe energy density limits of that technology." But experts are divided on that point. Brandon Ng, whose Hong Kong startup QFE plans to sell refrigerator-sized batteries to replace diesel generators, said there is still room for improvements. "There is still a lot of developmental headroom with lithium-ion batteries in terms of increasing the energy they can store." Long-promised new technologies to make batteries safer are around the corner. Tim Grejtak, an analyst at Lux Research, said there are dozens of startups working on the issue, but the scientific problems were hard to solve and would take time. Among the most promising candidates, according to Grejtak, is California-based Blue Current, which is working on a high density, low flammable battery using gel electrolytes. Massachusetts-based SolidEnergy Systems is working on a lithium metal battery which founder Hu says takes up half the space of existing batteries. It will be used first in high altitude drones, he says, and in consumer devices, including smartphones, by 2018. Reuters The story Samsung's woes highlight explosive limits of lithium batteries first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Local Business Latest News Iconic Maitland pubs for sale | PHOTOS Ian ‘Boof’ Baker dies Kids saving water with film | VIDEOS Caravans set alight in Cessnock Harry at home among the clouds Editor's Picks Airshow to honour pilot Gerard Beiboer | PHOTOS, VIDEO FLASHBACK: Woolworths bombing 1980 | PHOTOS The Elf on the Shelf is back | PHOTOS Popular Is Max the solution? Pasha Bulker memories flood back | photos Hearts are locked and loaded Searching for some Hunter hearts of gold Dust fine for Eraring criticised Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Park reflects bravery A park in Gillieston Heights has been named after the city's only Victoria Cross recipient. Iconic Maitland pubs for sale | PHOTOS Historic Hunter hotels poised to change hands. Kids saving water with film | VIDEOS Watch the movie, hear the message Starry spuds and spices Celebrate the first day of winter with the spices of Sri Lanka. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Rural Domain Sport Local Sport NRL Tournaments Cricket HQ Footy HQ Sport TV AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Competitions Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features eEdition Lower Hunter Star Local Business Feature Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Latest news headlines from Zimbabwe Situation Skip to content Home Latest TEXT ONLY Sources Lists Archives About “Zimbabwe Situation” Friends Support us Advertise Jet-setting Mugabe spends $3.5m to charter plane to Singapore, Mexico By ZimSitRep_M | May 30, 2017 1 Comment President Robert Mugabe has so far this year spent more days outside the country than he has spent at home, it’s been reported. This month alone he has spent $3.5m chartering a flight for trips to Singapore and Cancun in Mexico. Source: Jet-setting Mugabe spends $3.5m to charter plane to Singapore, Mexico | News24 Harare – This is why he’s known as Zimbabwe’s ‘visiting president’: so far this year Robert Mugabe has spent more days outside the country he’s ruled for 37 years than he’s spent at home, it’s been reported. Until May 27, when Mugabe got back from a week-long jaunt to Mexico, the president had spent 77 days outside the country, reports the Standard. Only 69 days had been spent at home. Luxury Boeing Mugabe, 93, recently had to charter a luxury Boeing as the Air Zimbabwe plane he usually uses is grounded for servicing. The paper said Mugabe began his 2017 travels on January 17, while still on official leave in Dubai, with a trip to China. 9 countries, 3 continents Since then, the paper estimates he’s covered 145 000km, and clocked a staggering 250 hours in the air. Countries he has so far visited on three continents include China, Ethiopia, Ghana, Mali, Mauritius, Singapore (twice), South Africa, Swaziland and Mexico. The Zimbabwe Independent, a respected business weekly, estimates that this month alone the president spent $3.5 million chartering a plane for trips to Singapore and Cancun in Mexico. $1 million for 4 days The paper identified the plane as a Comlux Aviation Boeing 767. “It costs one million US dollars to hire the plane for four days so Mugabe paid that when he went to Singapore,” an unnamed aviation source told the paper. “The plane also attracted close to half a million dollars in charges when it was parked for six days, from May 13 to May 18 while the cabin crew was at a local hotel. Mugabe paid close to 2 million US dollars for the nine days the plane took him to Mexico.” President pays  But transport minister Joram Gumbo, while declining to disclose the amount spent on the Mexico trip, suggested that chartering a plane is no more expensive than flying Air Zimbabwe. “Air Zimbabwe is used at cost and the rates are the same. Every last penny is paid for by the president’s office,” he told the paper. Large entourage Mugabe invariably travels with a large entourage, including state media journalists who get paid daily expenses in scarce foreign currency. Critics say the country gains nothing from these expensive trips. Share this: Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email More Google Reddit No related posts. Category: the latest articles Post navigation ← Govt loses out on mining tax It’s not over yet: Mzembi → One thought on “Jet-setting Mugabe spends $3.5m to charter plane to Singapore, Mexico” Ndonga May 30, 2017 The stupidity of the ZANU PF Government is mind almost unbelievable. But Joram Gumbo the Honourable Transport Minister must be the most silly of that lot. If you don’t believe me look what he says here… “But transport minister Joram Gumbo, while declining to disclose the amount spent on the Mexico trip, suggested that chartering a plane is no more expensive than flying Air Zimbabwe. “Air Zimbabwe is used at cost and the rates are the same. Every last penny is paid for by the president’s office,” he told the paper.” Where does he think that the “Presidents Office” get its money from. From the sky? From the West? From the East? From Mugabe? No you silly man, from the people of Zimbabwe, while they go hungry, homeless and cold while Mugabe and all his many high spending jet setter cohorts are gallivanting (and often staggering) all over the World doing bogger all… Waken up Joram and admit to what is happening. Just dream of your many deep potholes that US$ 3.5 million could have mended! Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Search for: Interested in advertising? Most recent today Over 53 firms express interest in NRZ project FMB’s Barclays bid supported by UK firm 160 000 pensioners on NSSA biometric system 100 Masvingo vehicles idle as parties haggle over storage fees More diamond mining equipment arrives UPDATED: President mourns nat hero Ndlovu Govt, Nssa pen Telecel agreement Calls for electoral courts Coalition vital for voter mobilisation Minister escapes death by whisker Popular this week Popular Comments Today Week Month All Mugabe a huge embarrasment for Africa (3,798 views) Grace tipped for Cabinet post (2,141 views) Land reform cost 1,5m jobs: Chinamasa (2,101 views) Zimbos fear for the worst (2,032 views) Zimra boss pleads for immunity (2,006 views) 'Time to cut Tyson loose' (1,637 view) Mujuru’s proposal on coalition leader shot down (1,546 view) Zim on high Ebola alert (1,487 view) Did a shot ‘Presidential’ elephant fall on hunter Theunis Botha in Hwange? (1,458 view) Mphoko storms police station (1,394 view) Today Week Month All Zimra boss pleads for immunity Mugabe a huge embarrasment for Africa Land reform cost 1,5m jobs: Chinamasa Drunk cop to face the music Minister escapes death by whisker Dump coalition: Tsvangirai advised Commercial agriculture in Africa: winners and losers Do Laws have to be Aligned with the Constitution? Mujuru’s proposal on coalition leader shot down Mugabe king of dictators: Biti Browse by… just the "headlines" by day News Politics the latest articles Latest archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 September 2012 © 2017 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Auto focus Clean Tech Emerging Entrepreneurs Flight Plan India File India Interior Pulse Technophile Luxe New Manager OFF RADAR Aviation’s next big idea — circular runways Prince Mathews Thomas comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet These will make take-offs and landing safer, and increase airports’ capacity Imagine a runway where four aircraft land or take-off simultaneously without posing a risk. It would be an godsend for operators and airlines straining under severe capacity crunch in airports world over. That’s the aim of Henk Hesselink, Senior R&D Manager at Netherlands Aerospace Centre. His only condition? The runway has to be circular. Hesselink is leading a project called The Endless Runway, which since it was unveiled in March has divided aviation experts on its efficacy. The fundamental principle of the project, which is a collaboration between research centres in the Netherlands, Germany, France, Spain and Poland, is that aircraft take-off and land on a large circular structure. “This helps aircraft to overcome strong wind conditions in which landing or take-off can be dangerous,” Hesselink told BusinessLine over a telephone chat from Amsterdam. In October last year, video had gone viral of a Boeing aircraft nearly crashing while landing in Prague while battling crosswinds. Circular runways may also be the answer to an infrastructure crunch at airports, including in India. Hesselink explains: “The circle’s diameter is 3.5 km and the length of the runway is 10 km, similar to the length of three conventional runways. But an airport with an Endless Runway will have the same capacity as an airport with four runways.” Airport buildings can be built in the middle of the circle, reducing the size of the airport. The runway, with a width of 140 metres, is banked. This will make the airspace less noisy and also prevent the crosswinds. The concept of circular runways was first tested in 1964, when the US Navy used a 8,400-foot-wide banked track. Though the trials were successful, the runways never took off. But now, says Hesselink, aided by technology a circular runway is feasible. At present, the concept of the airport and a design of the airport are ready. Hesselink, and his team of 14 aviation experts, performed simulations based on flight simulators and air traffic control simulator. The next phase of the project is to use tracks for trials. “At least two sites in Europe are interested,” says Hesselink without revealing the names as talks are still on. But it’s expensive. An airport with a circular runway will cost about 1.5 times the conventional one. “Cost is an issue. We need to explore a business model with benefits higher than the costs,” says Hesselink. For instance, circular runway will drastically reduce the waiting period for an aircraft, thus enabling an airport to service more flights and passengers a day, resulting in higher revenues. As revolutionary as it may sound, the endless, circular runway might become a reality only by 2050. (This article was published on May 30, 2017) Post Comment Related TOPICS transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. BusinessLine Infographics Infographic Series: Explore the Indian economy in graphic detail Infographic: India Inc's small companies to get the benefit of lower tax Infographic: Progress card on Modi's pet projects Read More » MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED 1Crowd: One face, many pockets From Russia with wings Sri Lankan Airlines expands India operations How an Indian woman is driving change at ZF A book that helps start-ups find their way around Aviation’s next big idea — circular runways Pharma industry braces for the pain of GST transition 2017 Maruti Suzuki Dzire Review Making it affordable for pilgrims and biz travellers Modi’s new acid test for bureaucrats Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS PSU oil companies – A mixed bag in the March quarter 10 min. ago At least 15 killed, 300 wounded in Kabul blast 15 min. ago NGT allows Rajeev Chandrasekhar to implead in Munnar land grab case 19 min. ago Silver futures decline to Rs 39,990 per kg 26 min. ago Gold futures fall to Rs 28,890 on weak global cues 30 min. ago More » Union Budget 2016 in Interactive graphics Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India Interactive graphic: What the Budget meant for rural India The Budget heavily focused on rural India and the farm economy, BusinessLine breaks down the key announcements and why it is necessary to focus on India's hinterland » Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Interactive graphic: How have Modi's pet schemes fared? Use this graphic to understand how the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojna, JAM trinity and Bima yojna performed » Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Interactive graphic: Indian corporates bear the tax burden Did you know Indian corporates pay more tax than their BRIC peers, and also other economies the world over? BusinessLine breaks it down for you » Read More » O P E N close Recent Article in Flight Plan Sri Lankan Airlines expands India operations The airline wants to reduce dependence on the Gulf sector » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Neowin Login Sign up News Latest Microsoft Google Apple Software Nvidia's Max-Q will bring desktop-class, GTX 1080 gaming to Ultrabooks 30 minutes ago Amazon market cap worth double that of Walmart, as shares hit $1,000 value 46 minutes ago US not banning laptops in flight cabins from Europe 1 hour ago Mark 1 is Mycroft's open source and open hardware alternative to Amazon Echo 2 hours ago View all recent news Microsoft is releasing the first 1706 build for Xbox One - here's what's new 11 hours ago Samsung's new Notebook 9 Pro runs Windows 10 Home and comes with an S Pen 13 hours ago Minecraft Adventure Time Mash-Up Pack is now available for the Console Edition 14 hours ago CSHELL, feature2 and the future: Microsoft's Windows 10 mobile plans are becoming clearer 14 hours ago View all Microsoft news Andy Rubin's new Essential Phone has a nearly bezel-less display and modular accessories 14 hours ago Asus CEO says its new Google Tango handset, ZenFone AR, will launch in the US in July 19 hours ago Check Point says Judy is "possibly the largest malware campaign found on Google Play" May 29, 2017 Microsoft fixes another 'potentially extremely bad' vulnerability found by Google researcher May 29, 2017 View all Google news You can now buy a Fidget Spinner case for your iPhone, because everything is terrible 11 hours ago Apple releases second betas of iOS 10.3.3, macOS 10.12.6, watchOS 3.2.3, and tvOS 10.2.2 13 hours ago Apple opens new store in Singapore May 28, 2017 7 Days: A week of Windows 10 devices, Surface excitement, and mouse ovaries May 27, 2017 View all Apple news MP3 Skype Recorder 4.32 May 29, 2017 VidCutter 3.5.0 May 29, 2017 TC4Shell 2.6.0.640 May 29, 2017 XRECODE3 v1.60 May 28, 2017 View all software news Features Reviews Editorials Unboxings Trending Review: The best of both worlds, Samsung's new convertible wireless charger May 24, 2017 Bluboo Edge review: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone May 21, 2017 Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook review: No touchscreen, but has everything else [UPDATED] May 16, 2017 Samsung Galaxy S8+ (Exynos) review May 9, 2017 View all reviews Looking back: In 2016, Microsoft became one of the most exciting companies in the tech world Dec 31, 2016 Redmond delights: 10 reasons to be excited about Microsoft's future Nov 14, 2016 Editorial - When replacing your Samsung Galaxy Note7, consider these replacement options Oct 16, 2016 Editorial - Horde 3.0 changed my mind about Gears of War 4 Sep 7, 2016 View all editorials HTC U Ultra unboxing and first impressions Apr 16, 2017 End of the road: Microsoft terminates support for Windows Vista today Apr 11, 2017 HP EliteBook x360 G2 unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 HP Spectre x360 with pen and 4K display unboxing and first impressions Apr 4, 2017 View all unboxings CSHELL, feature2 and the future: Microsoft's Windows 10 mobile plans are becoming clearer 14 hours ago Intel: 8th-generation 'Coffee Lake' Core processors offer 30% performance boost over 7th-gen 20 hours ago Intel announces Core i9 Extreme Edition, "most extreme desktop processor ever" with 18 cores 20 hours ago Microsoft is releasing the first 1706 build for Xbox One - here's what's new 11 hours ago View all trending news Forums Deals Recent Highlights Interests On a Budget Get the Cisco CCNA Training Suite for just $39 via Neowin Deals 17 hours ago Get this Sinji Panoramic Smart WiFi Camera for just $59.99 via Neowin Deals May 29, 2017 Get the Android Development eBook Bundle for just $24 via Neowin Deals (83% off!) May 26, 2017 Save over $400 off The Complete Programming Language Bootcamp, now just $39 via Neowin Deals May 25, 2017 View all recent deals Best Sellers Pay What You Want Gear + Gadgets Software Bundles View all Neowin Deals For Developers Productivity Accessories E-Learning View all Neowin Deals Under $20 Freebies Giveaways View all Neowin Deals More Subscribe Store Chat on IRC Send Tip Write for Neowin About Us Advertising Facebook Twitter Follow @neowinfeed Google+ World's first rocket launch with a 3D printed engine blasts off from New Zealand By Richard Tyr Blewitt Neowin LLC · 14 hours ago with 2 comments On the 25th of May, from a private launch pad in New Zealand, US based Rocket Lab, successfully launched their small, 56 feet tall and 4 feet wide, Electron rocket. A number of world firsts were made here: the first launch from a private launch site, the first launch from New Zealand, and most importantly the world’s first launch with a nearly completely 3D printed rocket engine. The exact details of what wasn't 3D printed in the engine has not yet been released. However, it is understood that all of the major parts were 3D printed, amazingly the engine was made within 24 hours. The 3D production process is beginning to be used in ever more important structures and uses. Only last month, Boeing announced that it would be using crucial titanium parts in their 787's that are currently 3D printed in Norway, with plans to expand that process to its own facilities. The understanding amongst experts is that the 3D production process offers the ability to make even more efficient parts that previously weren't possible, or produce normal parts like fuel nozzles in a less expensive way than compared to traditional manufacturing processes. An example of the new things that could be made are for instance the microlattice produced by Boeing, which is 99.9% air but still has a metal microstructure, and could be used in space or air travel saving lots of fuel due to reduced weight. Although it is still argued that 3D printing is not economical when it comes to the production of very large parts. Indeed the Electron rocket was very small, just 56 feet tall and 4 feet wide, compared to SpaceX's Falcon 9 which is 230 feet tall and 12 feet wide, and the test launch did not fully achieve its orbit. More tests are scheduled and it will be interesting to see how successful these 3D engines will be, once more testing has been completed. Source: Phys.org |Image via Space.com Tags Rocket lab 3d printing Space exploration Rocket launch New zealand Electron rocket Rutherford engine Like Tweet Share Share Report a problem with article Follow @TwitterDev Previous Story Andy Rubin's new Essential Phone has a nearly bezel-less display and modular accessories Next Story CSHELL, feature2 and the future: Microsoft's Windows 10 mobile plans are becoming clearer Community Activity Refresh US not banning laptops in flight cabins from Europe in Front Page News Laptops in the cabin may be banned, for all flights, into and out of the USA in Front Page News CSHELL, feature2 and the future: Microsoft's Windows 10 mobile plans are becoming clearer in Front Page News Sony Mobile killing ‘Premium Standard' smartphones in favor of mid-range, flagship devices in Front Page News Intel: 8th-generation 'Coffee Lake' Core processors offer 30% performance boost over 7th-gen in Front Page News Be careful what you "Like" on Facebook: Man convicted for liking defamatory posts in Front Page News Andy Rubin's new Essential Phone has a nearly bezel-less display and modular accessories in Front Page News Mattis Says U.S. Plans to Take Apart Islamic State Caliphate in Real World Issues Advertisement Trending Stories CSHELL, feature2 and the future: Microsoft's Windows 10 mobile plans are becoming clearer 14 hours ago with 30 comments Intel: 8th-generation 'Coffee Lake' Core processors offer 30% performance boost over 7th-gen 20 hours ago with 33 comments Intel announces Core i9 Extreme Edition, "most extreme desktop processor ever" with 18 cores 20 hours ago with 48 comments Microsoft is releasing the first 1706 build for Xbox One - here's what's new 11 hours ago with 2 comments Related Stories This week in science: World's thinnest hologram and Earth's accidental protection bubble May 22, 2017 Scientists 3D print working mouse ovaries as the journey to bioprinting for humans continues May 21, 2017 Boeing orders 3D printed titanium aircraft parts for 787 Apr 12, 2017 · Hot! Apple sells products worth $4.2 billion in New Zealand, faces backlash for diverting taxes Mar 22, 2017 Show Comments 2 Comments - Add comment Sort by oldest first (thread view) Sort by newest first (thread view) Sort by oldest first (linear view) Sort by newest first (linear view) Advertisement Report Comment Close Please enter your reason for reporting this comment. BBCode Helper Close The following codes can be used in comments. [b]bold[/b] [i]italics[/i] [u]underline[/u] [s] strikethrough[/s] [url]link[/url] [img]imageurl[/img] [quote]text[/quote] deals Ivacy VPN: Lifetime Subscription $1,434.00 $29.95 98% off UltraBright 500-Lumen Tactical Military Flashlight: 2-Pack $100.00 $17.99 82% off TigerVPN: Lifetime Subscription $780.00 $39.00 95% off Private Internet Access VPN: 2-Yr Subscription $166.00 $59.95 64% off VPN Unlimited: Lifetime Subscription $499.99 $39.00 92% off review Lenovo ThinkPad X1 Carbon (2017) Ultrabook: No touchscreen, but it's got everything else lenovo review The best of both worlds: Samsung's new convertible wireless charger convertible review Bluboo Edge: A curved screen gimmick on an entry-level smartphone bluboo edge review interview A chat with Unbabel's CEO about AI-powered, human-refined translation unbabel cshell, feature2 and the future Microsoft's Windows 10 mobile plans are becoming clearer windows 10 mobile Intel Core i9 Extreme Edition: 18 cores, 36 threads, $1,999 intel VIDEO Hands on with Huawei's MateBook D, E and X Windows 10 range huawei Pacemakers vulnerable to hacking; over 8,000 bugs found in code hacking Are you up to date? Catch up on last week's top tech news 7 days Company Contact Us About Us Write for Neowin Advertising Community Forums Subscribe Chat on IRC Neowin Deals Social Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube DMCA Policy Terms of Use Privacy Statement © Since 2000 Neowin LLC. All trademarks mentioned are the property of their respective owners. Top of Page Login Close Username or email: Password Remember me Sign In Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Google Sign in with Live ID Loading
News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Best of Orange County Newsletter Signup E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Best of Orange County Family fun calendar: June 2017 Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: 50 free summer things Rehab investigation Shark news Vote for Best of O.C. 2017 Restaurant closures Things To Do OC Family Family fun calendar: June 2017 Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Anita Gosch | PUBLISHED: May 30, 2017 at 9:00 am | UPDATED: May 30, 2017 at 4:49 pm SPECIAL EVENTS CHILDREN’S THEATER: Kids in grades K-6 will have barrels of fun with “Tales of a Fourth-Grade Nothing” at South Coast Repertory in Costa Mesa. Judy Blume’s popular book hits the stage with hilarity and fun sibling rivalry. Through June 4. scr.org ‘DOC McSTUFFINS’: Doctors-in-training can visit the McStuffins Toy Hospital E.R., Pet Vet and Nursery to learn the duties of a doctor along with healthy habits, empathy and nurturing care at “Doc McStuffins: The Exhibit” at Discovery Cube in Santa Ana. Through Sept. 4. discoverycube.org INTERACTIVE FLIGHT: “Above and Beyond – The Ultimate Interactive Flight Exhibition” at Discovery Cube celebrates the power of innovation. The aerospace exhibit, sponsored by Boeing, offers simulations, design projects, and stories from past and present innovators. Kids can design and test-fly a supersonic jet, pilot a drone into the eye of a hurricane, experience flight as a bird or futuristic wing-flapping aircraft and take an elevator ride to the edge of space. Through Sept. 10. discoverycube.org PARENTS NIGHT OUT: Parents can take a break while the kids have fun of their own during Creative Kids/Parents Night Out at the Bowers’ Kidseum in Santa Ana. Tickets are $15 for one child, $25 for two and $35 for three. Reservations are required. 6-9 p.m. June 2. bowers.org ART FEST: The Irvine Fine Arts Center hosts the Studio Arts Festival in Heritage Park. Southern California artists showcase their works in ceramics, sculpture, jewelry, painting, photography, fiber and glass. There’s also music, art demonstrations and food, including ice cream sundaes served in handmade collectible ceramic bowls. Admission and parking are free. 9 a.m.-5 p.m. June 3. cityofirvine.org SUMMERFEST: Join the Tucker Wildlife Sanctuary in Modjeska Canyon for the two-day Summerfest, featuring arts and crafts by local artists, nature tours, kids’ crafts, art classes, music, and barbecue. 10 a.m.-4 p.m. June 3-4. tuckerwildlife.org ALL ABOUT WHEELS: Kids will get a kick racing Hot Wheels and taking in some ice cream, face painting and balloon art at the Huntington Beach Concours d’Elegance at Huntington Central Park. Cars on display date from the early 1900s to current day. Admission is $10 for adults, free for ids under 16. 9 a.m.-2 p.m. June 3 and 10 a.m.-4 p.m. June 4. surfcityusa.com PET ADOPTION: Pet rescue groups and animal shelters will bring more than 600 homeless dogs, cats, rabbits and other small animals for adoption in the Super Pet Adoption at the Irvine Animal Care Center. Vendors, food trucks, a bake sale, a silent auction and low-cost microchipping are also on tap. Leashed and vaccinated dogs are welcome. Event proceeds benefit the Irvine Animal Care Center. Parking is free, but suggested donations are $2 per person and $5 per family. 10 a.m.-4 p.m. June 4.cityofirvine.org ARTS FEST: The Yorba Linda Arts Alliance holds its Celebration of the Arts, showcasing jewelry, photography, woodworking and ceramics, along with music and kids’ activities. 11 a.m.-5 p.m. June 4. artsyl.org CONCERT: Singers, dancers and artists are set to perform in the OC Pop Concert. The concert raises funds for the Melody Makers Scholarship Foundation, which benefits underserved teens and children with special needs. It takes place at the Orange County School of the Arts’ Margaret A. Webb Theatre in Santa Ana. General seating tickets are $25; reserved seats are $40. June 11. melodymakersoc.com CHILI AT THE BEACH: Kick off Father’s Day weekend at the Surf City Chili at the Beach party in downtown Huntington Beach. Enjoy fun and food, entertainment, a kids’ zone and, of course, chili and salsa tastings. Admission is free; chili and salsa tastings are $10 in advance, $15 day of event. Proceeds benefit the Boys &Girls Clubs of Huntington Valley. 11 a.m.-5 p.m. June 17. surfcityusa.com FUN WITH DAD: Spend Father’s Day at Pretend City Children’s Museum in Irvine and participate in a shaving contest, a relay race, a dance-off, and story-time. All that fun is included with museum admission. June 18. pretendcity.org RUN FOR VETS: Run, jog, trot, walk or stroll on Father’s Day at Saddleback College in Mission Viejo. The college’s Veterans 5K & Kids Ruck run supports student veterans. Kids 12 and under can race within their age group or take part in the Kids Ruck run. Same-day registration is 6-7:45 a.m.; the 5K starts at 8 a.m., and the kids’ run starts at 9 a.m. June 18. saddleback.edu/vets SUMMER READING: “Celebrating the Blues” during the Summer Reading Program with Brother Yusef at the Newport Beach Central Library. It is an interactive program designed to introduce young people to the African-American tradition of the blues. It includes singing, dancing and instrument playing. Children must be accompanied by an adult. Space is first-come, first-seated and is limited by room capacity. 10:30-11:30 a.m. June 24. newportbeachlibrary.org IT’S MAGIC: Mix live doves and rabbits, levitation, tricks, comedy and audience participation, and you get “Illusions by Allen,” a magic show for all ages at Newport Beach-area libraries. Children must be accompanied by an adult. Space is first-come, first-seated and is limited by room capacity. June 26 at the Mariners Branch Library, June 27 at the Central Library, and June 29 at the Corona del Mar and Balboa branch libraries. newportbeachlibrary.org OCEAN EXHIBIT: Kids can put on a scuba mask and watch live creatures of the sea in Ocean Zone at The Children’s Museum at La Habra. Tickets are $8; children 2 and younger get in free. Through Jan. 7. lhcm.org THEME PARK NEWS Disneyland: Join forces with First Avenger, Star-Lord, Black Widow, Hawkeye, Captain America, Spider-Man and Groot. See if you have what it takes to become an Avenger. And dare to ride Guardians of the Galaxy-Mission: Breakout! Disney California Adventure is celebrating Summer of Heroes. There will also be themed merchandise and food. Through Sept. 10. disneyland.disney.go.com Knott’s Berry Farm: The new virtual reality experience “VR Showdown In Ghost Town” is now open at Knott’s Berry Farm. Go on a time-traveling adventure to a futuristic version of Knott’s Western town of Calico and face off against robotic enemies to defend the town. knotts.com OUT-OF-TOWN ENJOYMENT Beaumont Cherry Festival: The Riverside County city’s annual cherry festival has carnival rides, games, booths, music, food and all things cherry. June 1-4. beaumontcherryfestival.org Temecula Balloon Fest: The sky over Skinner Lake in Winchester turns vibrant with color as hot-air balloons rise in the Temecula Valley Balloon & Wine Festival. Hot-air balloon lifts begin at sunrise. Children 5 and younger get in free; for kids 6-12 admission is $5. June 2-4. tvbwf.com San Diego County Fair: Learn how to saddle up, rope and ride-’em cowboy; pan for gold; or set up camp out on the prairie and tell tales around the campfire. Plus there are carnival attractions and top-name bands. June 2-July 4. sdfair.com Pacific Islander Festival: The diverse cultures of the Pacific Islands are on display at the Pacific Islander Festival at the Aquarium of the Pacific in Long Beach. Enjoy craft demonstrations, music and dance performances. 9-5 p.m. June 3-4. aquariumofpacific.org Singalong ‘Sound of Music’: Calling all nuns, goat herders and baronesses: Sing along with Maria and join in the chorus of “My Favorite Things” as the Hollywood Bowl presents the Oscar-winning movie. Pre-show starts at 6:30 p.m.; movie at 8 p.m. June 24. hollywoodbowl.com SPORTS Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim: The Angels have home games against the Minnesota Twins (June 1-4), the New York Yankees (June 12-14), the Kansas City Royals (June 15-18), the Los Angeles Dodgers (June 28-29) and the Seattle Mariners (June 30). Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Two men arrested after 3 guns found in car in Santa Ana 3 killed in Newport Beach car crash Orange County teacher arrested for child porn is brother of woman on trial for murder Laguna Beach icon, Las Brisas, unveils stunning coastal views after big makeover MainPlace Mall, celebrating 30 years, plots its expansions Man sentenced to 10 years in prison for running brothels in high-end Irvine apartments San Clemente festival spreads the Aloha: Polynesian and surf cultures Abused German shepherd rescued in ‘unique case’ by Laguna Beach police detective Battle of the bargains: Aldi and Grocery Outlet open Thursday The 2017 Spirit of the MACY Awards winners are … El Dorado just one out away from trip to CIF-SS final, but Corona rallies to steal spot 8,500 celebrate Brea’s centennial with parade and community picnic Tags:  activities OC Family Activities Anita Gosch View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in OC Family 6 perfect day trips for the family 9 tips for taking toddlers to Disneyland 25 family-friendly things to do this summer in Orange County Here’s what’s free in Orange County through June 2017 Live Traffic Map Weather Corrections Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Work with Us Company Store RSS Feeds Advertising Sections Cars Classified Jobs Real Estate Knowledge Cafe Top Workplaces Deals How to Advertise with us Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kits Advertising Contact Information How to find us on other platforms Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Weekly E-editions Site Map Subscriber services Customer Service Subscribe Reader Rewards Partners Coast Magazine OC Family Southland Golf The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Matt Sallas: From Afghanistan to advanced manufacturing May 30, 2017 – While serving in Kandahar, Afghanistan, U.S. Navy construction mechanic Matthew Sallas may not have imagined where his experience would take him next. But researchers at Oak Ridge National Laboratory certainly had the future in mind as they were creating programs to train men and women like him for tomorrow’s maker workforce. Matt had returned to Knoxville from a tour of duty in 2013 and was working as an installer in the home remodeling business, but he was looking for an opportunity to parlay his natural inquisitiveness and mechanical skills into something more. When he heard about a special 6-week internship at the Department of Energy’s Manufacturing Demonstration Facility at ORNL, he took a chance. Matt was among more than 120 applicants to the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy Advanced Manufacturing Workforce Development Program for returning veterans and wounded warriors. He and 14 others chosen for the program received an accelerated, hands-on introduction to the field of advanced manufacturing, including the opportunity to design and print objects in 3D. Matt’s skills as a mechanic served him well in the internship. Today, Matt operates and maintains the biggest 3D printers as a staff technician at the MDF, the two Big Area Additive Manufacturing machines, as well as a large-scale milling machine that trims excess material from printed parts. Since his time as an intern, Matt has been involved in some of the most high-profile prints at the MDF, including the Shelby Cobra sports car, the house for the Additive Manufacturing + Integrated Energy project, and the mold for a new Boeing airplane wing, which earned a Guinness World Records title for largest 3D-printed solid object. His favorite project was printing a replica of a 1952 Willys Jeep, which took only 3 weeks from printing to assembly. “I’m always working on something new here,” Matt said. “We’re basically figuring out the puzzle of how to print [a variety of objects]. You never do the same thing over again. It keeps me on my toes.” Veterans: An ‘ideal workforce’ Working at the MDF has given Matt a solid foundation in advanced manufacturing. He has gained skills in CAD design, programming, mechanical and electrical engineering, and heavy equipment operation. Matt’s work on the BAAM printer, in fact, resulted in his being a contributing author to a paper that examined the impact of temperature decay on bonding during the printing process for objects made with carbon fiber–reinforced acrylonitrile butadiene styrene thermoplastic. The best thing about working at ORNL? “The people. They’re great to work with here,” Matt said. “They have my back, and I have theirs.” Matt’s mentor at the MDF is Lonnie Love, ORNL Corporate Fellow researcher and leader of the Manufacturing Systems Research Group. “The veteran’s program was really eye-opening for me,” Love said. “We currently have over 300,000 open manufacturing jobs in this country. At the same time, we have over 10,000 active duty service men and women entering civilian life every month. These veterans like Matt are the ideal workforce. They’re loyal, hard-working, not afraid of a challenge, and are used to working as a team. All they need is a little direction, and they can have amazing careers. ORNL served as the pilot for this program, which is now being replicated at other national labs. Getting Matt to be a part of our team was an added benefit.” Matt continues to serve in the Navy Reserve, training at least one weekend a month and two full weeks each year to maintain readiness for deployment. He is close to earning his associate’s degree in engineering technology from Pellissippi State Community College and has plans to pursue a bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering. He is also a certified first responder. Matt’s advice to other young people is that although school is important, students should also pursue real-world experience: “You’ve got to get out and do the internships. Get out there and learn. That’s my philosophy.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious IoT Tech Expo : les principaux conférenciers de T-Systems, Microsoft, Sigfox, Coca-Cola, Lufthansa, Nestlé, BMW & Visa sont prêts pour le plus grand salon IdO d’Europe – Ouverture cette semaine ! Next PostNext Global Microbial Fertilizer Market 2017 Antibiotice, Biomax, Labiofam, Novozymes, Symborg, Agri Life Search Recent Posts PODS Shares How Company Continues to Reimagine the Moving and Storage Industry at Gartner EA & TI Summit M2M Connected Healthcare Market : Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2020 Internet Of Things (IoT) In Healthcare Market : Volume Analysis, Segments, Value Share and Key Trends 2024 DNA Sequencing In Drug Discovery Market Detailed Analysis and Forecast by 2023 Player’s Network Subsidiary Awarded Medical Marijuana Licenses Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Log In Advanced Articles Ads Businesses Events Videos Search  NEWCOMERS   RVL MAGAZINE   DINING GUIDE   MEDICAL DIRECTORY   e-Edition   SUBSCRIBE   ADVERTISE   NEWS ALERTS   JOBS  Home News Sports RVL Opinion Blogs Events/Photos Archive My Content Classifieds Biz Directory Local Obituaries State Crime Education Community Faith Politics/Government Nation World Business Online Features Youth High school College Professional Outdoors Features Announcements Lunch Menus Forms Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a letter Sean Ingram David Meadows News briefs Photos Community calendar Post your event My content My profiles My events My blogs My buddies Browse classifieds Submit a classified Restaurants Shopping Sports and recreation Hotels/Lodging Health Real estate Other May 31, 2017 Obituary: Mary Singleton The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley 08:26 AM, Tuesday, May 30 2017 | 209 views | 0  | 0   |  |  slideshow DARDANELLE — Mary Adeline Singleton, age 85, of Russellville, died Thursday, May 25, 2017, at her home. She was born May 19, 1932, at Dover, to the late Elton and Etter Brown. Mary married Roy E. Singleton Jr. and had six children. She was a very strong and hardworking women. She worked at Saint Mary’s Regional Medical Center, Valmac, Boeing Aircraft in Kansas, Morton’s Frozen Foods, Taylor Nursery and Robinson Inc. in Russellville where she worked with her daughter and son-in-law, Robby and Treissa Robinson. She retired to stay at home and take care of her spouse when he became ill. She was preceded in death by her parents; her husband of 60 years, Roy Edward Singleton Jr.; son, Roy Edward Singleton, III; two brothers, Dub Brown, “June Bug” Brown and two sisters, Oma Lee Bishop, Jewell Collins; mother-in-law, Scottie Vaughn and son-in-law, Tim Hardgrave. Survivors include her children, Gloria Hardgrave, Treissa Robinson, Brenda and Linda Wisdom, Brent Edward Singleton; sisters, Betty Waldo, Linda Harness; eight grandchildren, Ashlee Hardgrave, Raeden Robinson, Jessica Robinson, Jeremy Hughes, Sarah Singleton; and three great-grandchildren, Jasper Tanner, Nathan Chavis and Noah Benjeman Smith Jr. Visitation will be from 12:30-2 p.m. Tuesday at the church prior to the service. Funeral services will be at 2 p.m. Tuesday, May 30, 2017, at East Point Baptist Church in Russellville. Burial will be in East Point Cemetery. Pallbearers will be Jim Ed Gibson, Eddie Price, Gwen Collins, Charles Lynn Collins, Jason Harness and Justin “Boots” Lowe. Honorary pallbearers will be Larry Collins, uncle Edward Harness, George Waldo and Frank Meinerstorph. Arrangements by Cornwell Funeral Home in Dardanelle. Online guestbook and condolences at www.cornwellfuneralhomes.com. Paid obituary Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Share This Article | similar stories Obituary: Mary Singleton | 4 days ago The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Obituaries | 2 days 16 hrs ago The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Comments (0) Post a Comment No Comments Yet Contact Us | About Us | Newsstands | Subscriptions | Advertising | Support Software powered by Sole Solution. Content © 2017 Russellville Newspapers Inc. The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley in Russellville, AR. MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Associated Press is entitled exclusively to the use of or republication of all the local news printed in this newspaper as well as AP news dispatches.
Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Site Map PDF Subscription Register LogIn Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News Wed, May 31, 2017 | 16:05 North Korea Entertainment Music Dramas & TV shows Movies Performances Exhibitions Photo News Opinion Editorial Columnists Park Moo-jong Choi Sung-jin Tong Kim Lee Seong-hyon Andrew Salmon John Burton Jason Lim Donald Kirk Kim Ji-myung Andrei Lankov Michael Breen Frank Ching Hyon O'Brien Younghoy Kim Kimaro Michael McManus Deauwand Myers Bernard Rowan Casey Lartigue, Jr. Stephen Costello Semoon Chang Korean Historical Sense Reporter's Notebook Guest Column Thoughts of the Times Letter to the Editor Times Forum Cartoon Today in History Feature Image of Korea Small Picture Economy Policies Finance Photo News Biz & Tech Automotive IT Heavy industries Light industries Science Game Photo News National Politics Foreign Affairs Embassy News Defense Affairs Foreign Communities Investigations Diseases & welfare Labor & environment Education Seoul & provinces Obituaries Photo News Culture Books Religions Healthcare Food Fortune Telling Hotel & Travel Fashion Korean traditions Trend Photo News Sports Football Baseball Golf Other Sports 2018 PyeongChang Photo News World SCMP Asia Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Community Time Forum Market Place Talk Box Study Plaza Photos Learning English IT President Moon, top aides use Galaxy S7 Posted : 2017-05-30 17:07 Updated : 2017-05-30 21:26 By Lee Min-hyung President Moon Jae-in and his top lieutenants appear to have started using Samsung Electronics' Galaxy S7 smartphones, specially designed for enhanced security and encrypted communication, sources said Tuesday. Moon and other ranking Cheong Wa Dae officials recently received the Samsung devices tailor-made for their internal communications, they said. This comes about two weeks after Moon took office as president in the wake of the political scandal surrounding former President Park Geun-hye who was ousted earlier this year over alleged corruption. The presidential office is known to have chosen the S7, instead of the latest S8 flagship model that debuted this April, because it takes some time to make the customized phones. The S7 hit shelves early last year. Aside from the flagship Galaxy S series, LG Electronics is also known to have special devices for use by the presidential office, which the company also declined to confirm. In the United States, National Security Agency (NSA) officials use the privacy-focused Blackphone developed by Boeing and BlackBerry. The device is widely used by the U.S. government and military officials who require a special communication device to keep internal information confidential. "It is true the presidential office uses such specially designed smartphones over possible hacking or wiretapping concerns," an industry source said. "Even if the new President uses the Galaxy S7 tailor-made to ensure the highest level of security, no one may be able to confirm this." In Korea, Samsung Electronics and LG Electronics hold enough technological expertise to manufacture devices ensuring privacy and security. But they have remained silent on the details. That might be because demand for such a device is extremely low, as it is mainly used for a few high-ranking officials in the military and state-run organizations. In February 2003, the Seoul-based handset maker Pantech launched its own security-first handset by developing dedicated software to guarantee security. But the company scrapped its sales soon after, citing low demand and weak profit. Most countries also disallow commercialization of such phones, citing national security, fearing they could end up in the hands of criminals or terrorists. On top of that, manufacturers are unlikely to make public the development of such devices amid concerns over their involvement in political wiretapping or interception, the source said. mhlee@ktimes.comMore articles by this reporter Foreigner leaps to death from new overpass park in Seoul 'Comfort woman' meets IS sex slave THAAD launchers brought in without Moon's knowledge N. Korea fires another ballistic missile Choi Soon-sil's daughter arrested on plane to Korea Heat wave alert issued for southern regions President orders probe into 'uninformed' THAAD launcher installment Choi Soon-sil's daughter to return home Wednesday FM nominee under growing suspicion of corruption [INTERVIEW] Gaeseong park key to restore inter-Korean ties 'Pro-Park' tents gone Hot and cool First day Last day as governor Last day as PM Minor contender's appeal Korea Defense Veterans Association Cooling off Park's impeachment About Korea Times CEO Message Times History Contents Distribution Media Kit Contact Us Location Privacy Statement Ombudsman Mobile Service RSS Service Youth Protection Policy
Notify Me of New Issue CURRENT ISSUE BACK ISSUES AUTHOR INDEX BROWSE TAGS Audit Readiness of IT Systems Data Strategy IT Asset Management Privacy Civil Liberties DON Enterprise Architecture IT Investment Management Records Management Clinger-Cohen Act Compliance Enterprise Licensing Agreements IT Portfolio Management Spectrum Cybersecurity Enterprise Services Knowledge Management Statutory & Regulatory Compliance Cyberspace/IT Workforce Enterprise Software Initiative Performance Measurement Telecommunications DADMS/DITPR-DON Freedom of Information Act Printing and Imaging (Copiers/MFDs) Wireless Data Center Consolidation ABOUT CHIPS Email    CHIPS Articles: DARPA Picks Design for Next-Generation Spaceplane DARPA Picks Design for Next-Generation Spaceplane By DARPA News - May 30, 2017 DARPA has selected The Boeing Company to complete advanced design work for the Agency’s Experimental Spaceplane (XS-1), program which aims to build and fly the first of an entirely new class of hypersonic aircraft that would bolster national security by providing short-notice, low-cost access to space. The program aims to achieve a capability well out of reach today—launches to low Earth orbit in days, as compared to the months or years of preparation currently needed to get a single satellite on orbit. Success will depend upon significant advances in both technical capabilities and ground operations, but would revolutionize the Nation’s ability to recover from a catastrophic loss of military or commercial satellites, upon which the Nation today is critically dependent. “The XS-1 would be neither a traditional airplane nor a conventional launch vehicle but rather a combination of the two, with the goal of lowering launch costs by a factor of ten and replacing today’s frustratingly long wait time with launch on demand,” said Jess Sponable, DARPA program manager. “We’re very pleased with Boeing’s progress on the XS-1 through Phase 1 of the program and look forward to continuing our close collaboration in this newly funded progression to Phases 2 and 3—fabrication and flight.” The XS-1 program envisions a fully reusable unmanned vehicle, roughly the size of a business jet, which would take off vertically like a rocket and fly to hypersonic speeds. The vehicle would be launched with no external boosters, powered solely by self-contained cryogenic propellants. Upon reaching a high suborbital altitude, the booster would release an expendable upper stage able to deploy a 3,000-pound satellite to polar orbit. The reusable first stage would then bank and return to Earth, landing horizontally like an aircraft, and be prepared for the next flight, potentially within hours. In its pursuit of aircraft-like operability, reliability, and cost-efficiency, DARPA and Boeing are planning to conduct a flight test demonstration of XS-1 technology, flying 10 times in 10 days, with an additional final flight carrying the upper-stage payload delivery system. If successful, the program could help enable a commercial service in the future that could operate with recurring costs of as little as $5 million or less per launch, including the cost of an expendable upper stage, assuming a recurring flight rate of at least ten flights per year—a small fraction of the cost of launch systems the U.S. military currently uses for similarly sized payloads. (Note that goal is for actual cost, not commercial price, which would be determined in part by market forces.) To achieve these goals, XS-1 designers plan to take advantage of technologies and support systems that have enhanced the reliability and fast turnaround of military aircraft. For example, easily accessible subsystem components configured as line replaceable units would be used wherever practical to enable quick maintenance and repairs. The XS-1 Phase 2/3 design also intends to increase efficiencies by integrating numerous state-of-the-art technologies, including some previously developed by DARPA, NASA, and the U.S. Air Force. For example, the XS-1 technology demonstrator’s propulsion system is an Aerojet Rocketdyne AR-22 engine, a version of the legacy Space Shuttle main engine (SSME). Other technologies in the XS-1 design include: - Advanced, lightweight composite cryogenic propellant tanks to hold liquid oxygen and liquid hydrogen propellants. - Hybrid composite-metallic wings and control surfaces able to withstand the physical stresses of suborbital hypersonic flight and temperatures of more than 2,000o F. - Automated flight-termination and other technologies for autonomous flight and operations, including some developed by DARPA’s Airborne Launch Assist Space Access (ALASA) program. XS-1 Phase 2 includes design, construction, and testing of the technology demonstration vehicle through 2019. It calls for initially firing the vehicle’s engine on the ground 10 times in 10 days to demonstrate propulsion readiness for flight tests. Phase 3 objectives include 12 to 15 flight tests, currently scheduled for 2020. After multiple shakedown flights to reduce risk, the XS-1 would aim to fly 10 times over 10 consecutive days, at first without payloads and at speeds as fast as Mach 5. Subsequent flights are planned to fly as fast as Mach 10, and deliver a demonstration payload between 900 pounds and 3,000 pounds into low Earth orbit. Another goal of the program is to encourage the broader commercial launch sector to adopt useful XS-1 approaches, processes, and technologies that facilitate launch on demand and rapid turnaround—important military and commercial needs for the 21st century. Toward that goal, DARPA intends to release selected data from its Phase 2/3 tests and will provide to all interested commercial entities the relevant specs for potential payloads. “We’re delighted to see this truly futuristic capability coming closer to reality,” said Brad Tousley, director of DARPA’s Tactical Technology Office (TTO), which oversees XS-1. “Demonstration of aircraft-like, on-demand, and routine access to space is important for meeting critical Defense Department needs and could help open the door to a range of next-generation commercial opportunities.” TAGS: Cybersecurity, Spectrum, Telecommunications DARPA’s Experimental Spaceplane (XS-1) program seeks to build and fly the first of an entirely new class of hypersonic aircraft that would break the cycle of escalating launch costs and make possible a host of critical national security options. As the next step toward a future of routine, responsive, and low-cost space access, DARPA has awarded Phases 2 and 3 of the program to The Boeing Company. Watch on YouTube: Experimental Spaceplane (XS-1) Phase 2/3 Concept Video Related CHIPS Articles U.S. Navy History and Week in Review Cybercom: Pace of Cyberattacks Have Consequences for Military, Nation DARPA Picks Design for Next-Generation Spaceplane DON CIO Awards Recognize Information Management and Information Technology Excellence DON IT Conference Presentations Available Related DON CIO News DON IT 2017 Conferences: Question, Learn, Network, Innovate DON IT Conference Presentations Available DON IT East Final Conference Program Available DON IT East Small Business Networking Opportunity Join Us At DON IT East 2017 Related DON CIO Policy Streamlined Process for Commercial Broadband Deployment DON Adoption of the DoD Mobile Classified Capability Amplification Guidance for Purchase and Installation of Personal Electronic Device Smart Card Readers DON Enterprise Mobility 2008 DON Security Guidance for Personal Electronic Devices CHIPS is an official U.S. Navy website sponsored by the Department of the Navy (DON) Chief Information Officer, the Department of Defense Enterprise Software Initiative (ESI) and the DON's ESI Software Product Manager Team at Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center Pacific. Online ISSN 2154-1779; Print ISSN 1047-9988
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Mon, May 29 2017. 11 11 PM IST CBI to probe Air India-Indian Airlines merger, other UPA-era deals The CBI alleged that the merger of Air India and Indian Airlines, both government-owned, caused losses of thousands of crores Subscribe to our newsletter. PTI The CBI registered FIRs to enquire about the purchase of 111 aircraft, leasing of planes and the giving up of profit-making routes by Air India. Photo: Ramesh Pathania/Mint New Delhi: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) will probe the controversial merger of Air India and Indian Airlines, besides alleged irregularities in purchase and lease of aircraft by the two state-run carriers under the UPA government which caused “huge” losses to the exchequer. The investigative agency on Monday registered three FIRs and a preliminary enquiry (PE) to go into the controversial decisions made by the erstwhile Manmohan Singh government with regard to the two national carriers, including surrender of profitable routes to favour private airlines. The cases have been registered against unidentified officials of Air India, ministry of civil aviation and others under charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and corruption, CBI spokesperson R.K. Gaur said. “The cases relate to decisions taken by the ministry during the tenure of the UPA which caused losses of tens of thousands of crore of rupees to the exchequer,” he said. “The allegations relate to purchase of 111 aircraft for national airlines costing about Rs70,000 crore to benefit foreign aircraft manufacturers. Such a purchase caused an alleged financial loss to the already stressed national carriers,” Gaur said about the first FIR. The CAG had in 2011 questioned the rationale behind the government’s decision to order 111 airplanes for AI and Indian Airlines—48 from Airbus and 68 from Boeing—for about Rs70,000 crore in 2006. Calling the decision a “recipe for disaster”, the government auditor had said it should have raised “alarm” in the ministry of civil aviation, public investment board and the planning commission. The second case pertains to leasing of a large number of aircraft without due consideration, proper route study and marketing or price strategy, he said. “It was also alleged that the aircraft were leased even while aircraft acquisition programme was going on,” he said. The third case involves allegations of surrender of profitable routes and timings of Air India to favour national and international private players which allegedly caused a “huge” loss to the state-run carrier. In its report on the merger of Air India and Indian Airlines, the CAG had called it “ill-timed”. Now the CBI will go into various aspects of the merger. The government auditor had said, “The financial case for the merger was not adequately validated prior to the merger.” The merger proposal had received the Manmohan Singh cabinet’s approval on 1 March 2007. The CBI’s action follows the Supreme Court’s 5 January direction on a petition filed by the Centre for Public Interest Litigation led by lawyer Prashant Bhushan. CBI officials said “all stakeholders” were under its scanner with regard to the merger of the two state-run airlines. The process for the merger was initiated by the then civil aviation minister Praful Patel of NCP on 16 March 2006. Patel had sought a concept paper on the merger and a presentation was made before the prime minister on 22 March that year. A Group of Ministers (GoM) had later examined the proposal. Indian Airlines officially merged with Air India in April 2007. The current Air India chairman-cum-managing director Ashwani Lohani had recently said the merger was behind Air India’s “downfall”. Finance minister Arun Jaitley had on Saturday favoured disinvestment of Air India, saying the airline’s market share was just around 14%whereas its debt burden stood at a staggering Rs50,000 crore. PTI Topics: CBI Air India Indian Airlines merger Air India-Indian Airlines merger More From Livemint READ MORE Odisha CHSE Class 12 results 2017 declared: Check results here Edward Snowden says democracy under threat by attacks on ‘fake news’ Aurobindo Pharma receives USFDA nod to manufacture ADHD drug First Published: Mon, May 29 2017. 06 46 PM IST Editor's Picks How India’s GST in its current avatar deviates from global practices Rising impunity might be driving anti-Dalit violence RBI calls for account number portability, banks wary Latest News Edward Snowden says democracy under threat by attacks on ‘fake news’ Aurobindo Pharma receives USFDA nod to manufacture ADHD drug Donald Trump’s trip to Europe was hardly a ‘great success’ ‘The Ministry of Utmost Happiness’: Arundhati Roy’s hideous, beautiful story Deutsche Bank fined $41 million for money-laundering lapses Mint On Sunday When Krishna danced to the Beatles in Vegas If the world’s fate rested on a cricket match, who would make the team? The myth that is the Indian liberal Letter from... a place where people don't tweet World records: Separating true achievement from mere novelties Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:05 GMT +331 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing, Airbus Face Probe in $10.6-Billion Deal With Air India © AP Photo/ Arun Sankar K Asia & Pacific 14:16 30.05.2017Get short URL 0 114631 Indian investigation agency, the Central Bureau of Investigation, has started a high-level probe into the purchase of 111 aircraft for Indian national carrier, Air India, which allegedly benefits foreign aircraft manufacturers. The deal was concluded with Boeing and Airbus in 2005-06. © AFP 2017/ RAVEENDRAN Air India Sheds Weight by Grounding Dozens of Obese Cabin CrewNew Delhi (Sputnik) – The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has registered three cases and one preliminary inquiry under sections related to cheating and forgery of Indian Penal Code in the light of orders from the Supreme Court in January this year. “The first case has been registered against unknown officials of Ministry of Civil Aviation (Government of India), Air India and unknown private persons to investigate the allegations relating to purchase of 111 aircraft for national airlines costing about Rs. 70,000 crore ($10.6 billion) to benefit foreign aircraft manufactures. Such a purchase caused an alleged financial loss to the already stressed national carriers,” a CBI statement said. The CBI has also said that it has registered case against government officials, Air India and private companies to investigate the allegations of leasing of large number of aircraft without due consideration, proper route study and marketing or price strategy. “It was also alleged that the aircrafts were leased even while aircraft acquisition program was going on,” CBI added. Air India is facing heavy losses and has a debt of approximately $7.8 billion. It is alleged that with the collusion of private players, officials had made arrangements in such a way that Air India flew its aircraft on loss-making routes. The CBI is also investigating the charges of giving up profit-making routes and profit-making timings of Air India in favor of national and international private airlines causing a huge loss to the national carrier. With 140 long-haul fleet, Air India controls 17% market share on international routes and 14.6% of domestic passenger market. Due to continuous losses, Indian government is considering to sell it to private players. "Today, what has happened is (Air India's) market share is 14%. And the debt is $7.8 billion. Now there are private airlines that are flying — Indigo, GoAir, Spicejet, Jet Airways — there you don’t invest money. But to run Air India, you have invested $7.8 billion. That money is government’s money, that’s your money. It could have been used for school education. And if 86% of flying can be handled by private sector, so it can also handle 100%,” Indian finance minister Arun Jaitley said a few days back. Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 31 Related: Indian Army to Get Indigenous Short Range Surface-to-Air Missile for $2.7 Bn Indian Air Force Sukhoi Jet Goes Missing Near China Border India Clears Way to Expand Naval Air Station in Indian Ocean India Close to Deploying Israeli Spyder Air Defense System Tags: Airbus, Boeing, Air India, India TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 10:02Militants Fleeing Afghanistan May Pose Threat to CIS - Anti-Terror Center 09:43Milestones of OPEC-Russia Energy Dialogue 09:04Russian Defense Minister Informs Putin of Anti-Daesh Missile Strikes - Kremlin 08:33Russia's Navy Hits All Daesh Targets Near Syria's Palmyra - Defense Ministry 07:46Daughter of Ex-S. Korean President's Associate Arrested on Plane to SeoulAll news Russian Scientist Patents Method to Create Atmosphere on Mars 12107 Race for Hypersonic Superiority: Russia Over Half-a-Decade Ahead of the US 9809 Russia is Always One Step Ahead in Syria: Here is Why 8125 Beloved US Air Force A-10 Warthog Attack Aircraft Saved From Chopping Block 7954 With China Rattled by Long Bridge, India to Build 17 Highways for Jet Landing 7308All news Clapper: Russians ‘Genetically Driven’ to Interfere in Elections 56 Merkel Hints Europe Can No Longer Rely on US, Britain 54 McCain: Putin a Greater Threat Than Daesh 52 Russia Has Little Reason to Trust NATO After It Absorbed Whole of Eastern Europe 37 Trump Offers Moscow a Way Out of the Ukrainian Stalemate – Can Russia Trust Him? 30All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics China's Dragon Boat Festival Gets Underway The War in Dashboard New Russian Weaponry: Support Vehicles News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
THE MOST FROM THE COAST ! ..  Coastweek website Home  Coast Classified | Coast Art | Coast Books | Coast Cuisine | Coast Directory | Coast Eating Out | Coast Obituaries | Coast Poster | Shipping | Tides XINHUA NEWS SERVICE REPORTS FROM THE AFRICAN CONTINENT   RwandAir launches its first direct commercial  flight to Europe KIGALI Rwanda (Xinhua) -- Rwanda’s national airline RwandAir has launched first direct commercial flight to Gatwick International Airport, London’s second busiest airport. The airline’s flight took off from Kigali International Airport on Friday afternoon en route to Gatwick International Airport, adding it to its network of 22 destinations worldwide. The new route will be operated by recently acquired brand new Airbus A330 aircraft that boasts of in-flight connectivity. The airline will fly to London three times a week and is expected to boost tourism and trade between the UK and Rwanda. Speaking to reporters shortly after launching London flight destination, the airline’s deputy chief executive officer in charge of corporate affairs, Yvonne Manzi Makolo said that the airline has embarked on expanding its wings to far destinations in order to serve a large clientele of travellers to visit Rwanda. “It’s great step for our country, because it will bring us closer to our trade partners and sources of tourists. Rwanda will be making a big impact as a must-visit country,” she added. Last year, the airline acquired its first A330-200 and A330-300 Airbus planes, boosting its fleet to 11 aircraft and capacity to compete globally. It is also scheduled to take delivery of another brand new Boeing before end of May. This direct seamless long-haul flight is an important milestone towards improving trade relations between Rwanda, the European continent. RwandAir carried more than 650,000 passengers last year and projects to transport over three million in the next five years. The Rwanda aviation industry which has become one of the largest and most profitable airlines in East Africa has continued to spread wings across Africa and beyond. The airline has been growing at an average of 20 percent in the last six years and is currently positioning itself as the most efficient and reliable airline in the region, according to figures from the Rwanda’s ministry of infrastructure. The airline has 11 aircraft and expects delivery of the 12th, a Boeing 737-800, in May. . Ethiopian Airlines to boost Asia routes with flight to Singapore ADDIS ABABA, (Xinhua) -- Ethiopia’s national air carrier Ethiopian Airlines plans to tap into increasing passenger traffic between Asia and Africa with a new direct flight route to the South east Asian city state of Singapore to start on May 31. Speaking to Xinhua on Monday, Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of Ethiopian Airlines Tewolde Gebremariam says with direct, non-stop services to the “Lion City”, a global aviation centre Ethiopian hopes in particular to use the new route as a gateway to Asia and Europe. “Ethiopian Flights to Singapore will greatly contribute to strengthening of trade, investment, and tourism ties between a booming Africa and a highly developed, innovative, and business friendly Singapore” he says. “The new route will serve the growing traffic between Africa and Singapore, giving the best possible connectivity options to passengers travelling between most points in Africa and Asia in partnership with Singapore Airlines” adds the CEO. With direct flights to Singapore, Ethiopian Airlines will add its 96th international destination, ensuring as it enters its seventh decade in existence it will remain one of the few successful state owned air carriers in the African continent.             Remember: you read it first at coastweek.com !   SPECIAL OFFERS WEEKEND GETAWAYS WITH SERENA     TO ADVERTISE ON THIS WEB SITE:  www.coastweek.com Please contact MOMBASA - GULSHAN JIVRAJ, Mobile: 0722 775164 Tel: (+254) (41) 2230130 / Wireless: 020 3549187 e-mail: info@coastweek.com NAIROBI - ANJUM H. ASODIA, Mobile: 0733 775446 Tel: (+254) (020) 3744459 e-mail: anjum@asodia.co.ke .    Useful Links   ▪ Africa Satellite ▪ Currencies ▪ Classifieds Ads   ▪ Coast Art ▪ Eating out ▪ Last Week ▪ Coast Books ▪ Front Page ▪ Old School Tie ▪ Coast Cuisine ▪ Kenya Tides ▪ Ships In Port ▪ Coast Directory ▪ Kenya Weather ▪ Tea Auctions . .       © Coastweek Newspapers Limited               Tel: (+254) (41) 2230130  |  Wireless: 020 3549187  |  E-mail: info@coastweek.com
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz This Is How the Navy Plans to Give More "Range" to F/A-18 Super Hornets and F-35C Joint Strike Fighters Kris Osborn May 30, 2017 TweetShareShare The Navy is preparing to launch an industry competition for a first-of-its-kind, cyber-hardened unmanned aerial refueling drone for eventual service on an aircraft carrier deck by the early to mid 2020s.  The concept of the effort, called the MQ-25 Stingray, is to fortify the Carrier Air Wing with a hack-proof unmanned refueler able to massively extend the strike and mission range of its on-board aircraft.  The service has awarded four development deals for the MQ-25 to in anticipation of a formal proposal to industry by sometime this summer, NAVAIR Spokeswoman Jamie Cosgrove told Scout Warrior. Deals went to Boeing, Lockheed Martin, General Atomics and Northrop Grumman.  The process thus far has been geared toward MQ-25A Stingray technical and task analysis efforts spanning air vehicle capabilities, carrier suitability and integration, missions systems and software -- including cybersecurity,  Engineering an unmanned aerial refueling tanker able to take off from a carrier deck and support fighter jets en-route to attack missions is a vital aspect of the Navy plan to meet emerging enemy anti-ship missile threats. The new carrier-launched tanker will be designed to extend the combat range of key carrier air-wing assets such as F/A-18 Super Hornets and F-35C Joint Strike Fighters. Such an ability is deemed vital to the Pentagon’s concern that long-range precision guided anti-ship missiles are increasingly able to target and destroy aircraft carriers at distances as far as 1,000-miles off shore. The threat, including weapons such as the Chinese-built DF-21D missile referred to as a “carrier-killer” able to destroy targets more than 900 miles off shore, is sufficient to potentially prevent aircraft carriers from operating in closer proximity to enemy coastlines in order to project power and hold enemy targets at risk, many US military developers say. “MQ-25A Stingray will help to preserve the power projection dominance of the nation's carrier fleet. MQ-25A Stingray is the next step in the Navy's evolutionary integration of unmanned air systems into the carrier strike group's operational environment.  As part of our incremental approach this will allow the Navy to deliver carrier-based unmanned capability to the fleet faster,” Cosgrove said in a statement to Scout Warrior last year.   The range or combat radius of carrier-based fighter jets, therefore, is fundamental to this equation. If an F-35C or F/A-18 can, for instance, only travel roughly 500 or 600 miles to attack an inland enemy target such as air-defenses, installations and infrastructure – how can it effectively project power if threats force it to operate 1,000-miles off shore? Therein lies the challenge and the requisite need for a drone tanker able to refuel these carrier-launched aircraft mid-flight, giving them endurance sufficient to attack from longer distances. Advantages of a Drone Tanker: An existing large fuselage tanker, such as the emerging Air Force KC-46A, might have too large a radar signature and therefore be far too vulnerable to enemy attack. This, quite naturally, then creates the need for an unmanned platform or drone able to better elude enemy radar and refuel attack aircraft on their way to a mission. While there is not much public information available about the MQ-25A Stingray as it is an emerging system very early on in the developmental process, Navy officials did explain the key strategic concepts behind its existence to Scout Warrior. “Greater endurance” is described by Navy officials as a fundamental impetus for the new platform. “When fielded, MQ-25A Stingray will deliver a high-endurance organic aerial refueling and ISR capability.  Unmanned aerial refueling will extend the performance, efficiency and safety of manned aircraft and impart longer range and greater endurance to enable the execution of missions that otherwise could not be performed,” Cosgrove added.   Aerial Refueling Key to Future of Carriers: The emergence of the MQ-25A Stingray comes at a key time amidst ongoing discussions about the trajectory or evolution of aircraft carriers as a platform. Some analysts and military experts, for example, believe carriers may soon become obsolete in light of weapons such as the DF-21D and the prospect of hypersonic attack weapons in the future. If carriers are not able to project power as intended, then should they be replaced with faster, more agile or smaller ships able to carry and launch drones and perform other missions? Despite the emergence of weapons such as the DF-21D, senior Navy leaders and some analysts have questioned the ability of precision-guided long-range missile to actually hit and destroy carriers on the move at 30-knots from 1,000 miles away. Targeting, guidance on the move fire control, ISR and other assets are necessary for these kinds of weapons to function as advertised. GPS, inertial measurement units, advanced sensors and dual-mode seekers are part of a handful of fast-developing technologies able to address some of these challenges, yet it does not seem clear that long-range anti-ship missiles such as the DF-21D will actually be able to destroy carriers on the move at the described distances. Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Kris Osborn Will Donald Trump Embark on an Endless Crusade in Afghanistan? Making the Taliban the primary enemy has gotten the United States into an unwinnable war in Afghanistan. Ted Galen Carpenter A Taiwanese Arms Package Could Be Used as Leverage in the Korean Crisis Trump has developed U.S. foreign policy with Chinese characteristics, keeping Beijing guessing. John HemmingsJake Ramsamugh Can Germany Defend Europe On Its Own? Most of NATO’s frontline members in eastern and southern Europe are doing their part. Germany is not. Salvatore Babones Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Scientists at work A 3D-printed rocket engine just launched a new era of space exploration May 30, 2017 6.43am EDT RocketLab A 3D-printed rocket engine just launched a new era of space exploration May 30, 2017 6.43am EDT Candice Majewski Author Candice Majewski Lecturer, Department of Mechanical Engineering, University of Sheffield Disclosure statement Candice Majewski does not work for, consult, own shares in or receive funding from any company or organization that would benefit from this article, and has disclosed no relevant affiliations beyond the academic appointment above. Partners University of Sheffield provides funding as a founding partner of The Conversation UK. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger The rocket that blasted into space from New Zealand on May 25 was special. Not only was it the first to launch from a private site, it was also the first to be powered by an engine made almost entirely using 3D printing. This might not make it the “first 3D-printed rocket in space” that some headlines described it as, but it does highlight how seriously this manufacturing technique is being taken by the space industry. Members of the team behind the Electron rocket at US company RocketLab say the engine was printed in 24 hours and provides efficiency and performance benefits over other systems. There’s not yet much information out there regarding the exact details of the 3D-printed components. But it’s likely many of them have been designed to minimise weight while maintaining their structural performance, while other components may have been optimised to provide efficient fluid flow. These advantages – reducing weight and the potential for complex new designs – are a large part of why 3D printing is expected to find some of its most significant applications in space exploration, with dramatic effect. One thing the set of technologies known as additive manufacturing or 3D printing does really well is to produce highly complicated shapes. For example, lattice structures produced in exactly the right way so that they weigh less but are just as strong as similar solid components. This creates the opportunity to produce optimised, lightweight parts that were previously impossible to manufacture economically or efficiently with more traditional techniques. Boeing’s microlattice is an example of taking this to the extreme, supposedly producing mechanically sound structures that are 99.9% air. Not all 3D printing processes can achieve this, but even weight savings of a few percent in aircraft and spacecraft can lead to major benefits through the use of less fuel. 3D printing tends to work best for the production of relatively small, intricate parts rather than large, simple structures, where the higher material and processing costs would outweigh any advantage. For example, a redesigned nozzle can enhance fuel mixing within an engine, leading to better efficiency. Increasing the surface area of a heat shield by using a patterned rather than a flat surface can mean heat is transferred away more efficiently, reducing the chances of overheating. The techniques can also reduce the amount of material wasted in manufacturing, important because space components tend to be made from highly expensive and often rare materials. 3D printing can also produce whole systems in one go rather than from lots of assembled parts. For example, NASA used it to reduce the components in one of its rocket injectors from 115 to just two. Plus, 3D printers can easily make small numbers of a part – as the space industry often needs – without first creating expensive manufacturing tools. In orbit 3D printers are also likely to find a use in space itself, where it’s difficult to keep large numbers of spare parts and hard to send out for replacements when you’re thousands of kilometres from Earth. There’s now a 3D printer on the International Space Station so, if something breaks, engineers can send up a design for a replacement and the astronauts can print it out. The current printer only deals with plastic so it’s more likely to be used for making tools or one-off replacements for low-performance parts such as door handles. But once 3D printers can more easily use other materials, we’re likely to see an increase in their uses. One day, people in space could produce their own food items and even biological materials. Recycling facilities could also enable broken parts to be reused to make the replacements. Astro printing. Barry Wilmore/NASA Looking even further ahead, 3D printers could prove useful in building colonies. Places like the moon don’t have much in the way of traditional building materials, but the European Space Agency has proven solar energy can power the production of “bricks” of lunar dust, which would be a good start. Researchers are now looking at how to use 3D printing to take this idea further and develop complete printed buildings on the moon. To make many of these applications a reality, we’ll need to research more advanced materials and processes that can manufacture components to withstand the extremely harsh conditions of space. Engineers also need to work on developing optimised designs and find ways of testing 3D printed parts to prove they’re safe. And then there’s the irritating issue of gravity, or rather the lack of it. Many current processes use powders or liquids as their raw materials so we’re likely to need some clever tricks in order to make these function safely in a low or microgravity environment. Some of these barriers may even require entirely new materials and techniques. But as research goes on, 3D printing is likely to be used more and more in space, even if a fully printed space vehicle isn’t going to launch any time soon. The sky is no longer the limit. Space Space travel Spacecraft Space exploration Additive Manufacturing Space colonies 3-D printing Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter Facts matter. Your tax-deductible donation helps deliver fact-based journalism. Make a donation You might also like In the wake of gun blueprints freely available online, 3D printers have had a bad rap, even though their benefits will vastly outweigh any negatives. Garry - www.visionandimagination.com Don’t shun 3D printers – they might save your life one day At the heart of 3D printing is the ability to turn computer models into 3D objects. ALoopingIcon Explainer: what is 3D printing and what’s it for? Cheap construction of intricate designs. fdecomite 3D printing market is booming as the buzz catches on Concept design of a lunar base that could be made with 3D printing. ESA/Foster + Partners The future of 3D printing lies in space and with an extra dimension Most popular on The Conversation Fidget toys aren’t just hype What’s behind the fidget spinner fad? America’s worsening global reputation could put billions in US exports at risk Why do only some people get ‘skin orgasms’ from listening to music? How do the chemicals in sunscreen protect our skin from damage? Why dads can’t be the dads they want to be New public database reveals striking differences in how guns are regulated from state to state What veterans’ poems can teach us about healing on Memorial Day US civil service’s preference for hiring military vets comes at a hidden cost The rising homegrown terror threat on the right Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 50,800 academics and researchers from 2,047 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
Briefly Grist 50 Video Justice Food Climate & Energy Cities Living Science People Advice Follow Get our newsletter Grist on Facebook Follow on Twitter About Grist Contact More The Team Donate Fellowships Jobs at Grist Privacy Policy Terms of Use Briefly Grist 50 Video Sections Newsletters Donate More News Climate & Energy Justice Cities Politics Food Living Business & Tech Science Video People Advice Grist 50 Get Grist in your inbox Briefly Daily Weekly Shift Happens Privacy Policy About Grist Contact Staff & Board Funders Jobs Fellowships FAQ Advertise Sponsorship policy Testimonials Grist on your site Donation FAQ Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks Grist / Amelia Bates cover story No one’s breathing easy in the nation’s new megawarehouse hub By Emma Foehringer Merchant on May 30, 2017 Share Tweet Just a few decades ago, California’s Inland Empire billed itself as “the Orange Empire” for the citrus orchards that fueled its primary industry. Today, many of those groves are gone, and so is the nickname. The landlocked region of 4 million people an hour east of Los Angeles now sprouts more enormous warehouses (a billion square feet of them) than fruit trees. Forty percent of the nation’s consumer goods — iPhones, sneakers, and everything available from Amazon — spend time sitting on those warehouse shelves after coming off ships at nearby ports, awaiting delivery to stores and homes. What was once a mostly rural region finds itself struggling with a high poverty rate and growing population. Residents are plagued by tremendous traffic and air pollution, which recently earned the region an “F” from the American Lung Association. Those environmental and health concerns will get much worse, advocates say, if the city of Moreno Valley — a town of 200,000 located in the heart of the Inland Empire — builds the largest warehouse project anywhere in the country. Tom Thornsley is a 60-year-old urban planner who moved to Moreno Valley in 1998, just as the rural-to-warehouse transformation was beginning. He thought he had chosen wisely, settling in a gray, ranch-style home that sat near a wide-open space zoned for more homes, not warehouses. “I know better than to look at dirt and not check what it would be,” he says. But after a developer proposed a project in 2012, city officials rezoned that dirt patch next to Thornsley’s house to make it home to one of the world’s largest warehouse complexes. Click to embiggen.Grist / Amelia Bates The World Logistics Center, planned by a company called Highland Fairview, would be the largest such facility in the country, covering 2,610 acres — the size of 700 football fields. It would be more than 25 times bigger than the largest warehouse in the United States, a 98-acre hangar operated in Washington by the airplane manufacturer Boeing. As a planner, Thornsley doesn’t have a problem with industrial development. He’s worked on commercial buildings since 1989. But the environmental costs of the World Logistics Center are too much for his community, he says, so he’s become a leader in the effort to stop it — an effort that might hinge on next month’s special city council election. The World Logistics Center, which is now known locally by the acronym “WLC,” has turned Moreno Valley politics into a bloodsport. Community organizers and environmental groups have fought — in both city hall and the courtroom — to protect residents from the pollution it would cause and save protected species like peregrine falcons and California golden eagles that live in the nearby San Jacinto Wildlife Area. Once built, warehouses don’t pollute the way that factories and power plants do. But a project the size of the WLC would be a magnet for truck traffic, spewing exhaust on 69,000 estimated daily trips in and out of the complex. In a struggling region, though, the lure of jobs has proven difficult to overcome, despite the public health and quality of life concerns. “That’s why people are pressing so hard now,” Thornsley says, “to get somebody elected who’s not going to be, in essence, another developer’s puppet.” Southern California’s two ports are among the deepest on the West Coast, allowing massive ships to dock at Los Angeles and Long Beach. More than $360 billion worth of goods from production centers in the Asian Pacific were offloaded there in 2014. Warehouses originally crowded around the ports, until Los Angeles could no longer contain the growth. Demand for more space at cheaper rates pushed development farther east, and the Inland Empire became the hidden purgatory between production and consumption. Only the Philadelphia area currently has more warehouse space, but projects like the WLC would leave that East Coast hub in the dust. Over the past five years, the logistics industry has delivered a quarter of the new jobs in the region. But the economic boom carries a heavy environmental toll: Diesel trucks zip along the Inland Empire’s roads, carrying cargo to customers and piping particulates into the air. Winds rushing in from the ocean blow added pollution from L.A. and Orange County, which accumulates in the basin bounded to the north and east by mountains. That makes the Inland Empire one of the unhealthiest places to live in the country. Air pollution leads to higher risk of heart disease, asthma, bronchitis, cancer, and more. The South Coast Air Basin — which encompasses parts of Orange, Riverside, San Bernadino, and Los Angeles counties — exceeds federal and state requirements for lead and small particulate matter, which can lodge in the lungs. San Bernardino and Riverside counties, which make up the Inland Empire, ranked first and second, respectively, among the top 25 most ozone-polluted counties in the American Lung Association’s 2016 air quality report. Low-income neighborhoods and communities of color bear the brunt of this pollution, because they’re often situated near freeways or become sites for warehouses. Moreno Valley’s population is 18 percent African-American and about 54 percent Latino. Highland Fairview In a community where nearly 20 percent of people live in poverty, it’s easy for a big developer to gain support for a project like the World Logistics Center — especially with the promise of 20,000 permanent jobs and $2.5 billion a year added to the local economy. But the downside includes 14,000 added diesel truck trips per day and a 44 percent increase in the city’s yearly greenhouse gas emissions. Many warehouse jobs are also low wage, temporary, and unsafe. The facilities rack up a plethora of safety violations, according to California health and safety inspectors, and workers report high levels of injury and illness. Many residents believe “this is the best I can get,” explains Sheheryar Kaaosji, coexecutive director of the Warehouse Workers Resource Center, which advocates for employee rights. “That’s what it comes down to.” Tom Thornsley, who has decades of experience in urban planning, says development decisions are all about weighing the pros and cons. When a project is proposed, environmental risk assessments let you know how harmful the development could be, which tells you whether it’s worth it and if you can do anything to mitigate the harm. Ultimately, he says, if a project’s benefits outweigh its problems, “You just decide you can live with it.” In the case of the World Logistics Center, he can’t. An analysis of health impacts prepared for the developer acknowledges the potential for increased incidences of asthma, heart disease, and premature deaths. Thornsley’s dismay over another warehouse project — for the shoe brand Skechers, which opened in 2011 and brought a net job loss — pushed him to join up with Residents for a Livable Moreno Valley, a community group created to combat rampant warehouse development. The group has found itself battling a formidable nemesis in the person of Highland Fairview’s charismatic CEO, Iddo Benzeevi. During the protracted WLC fight, Benzeevi has become a folk hero to some Moreno Valley residents. When the city council narrowly approved the project in August 2015, residents swayed by the promise of jobs chanted “Iddo, Iddo, Iddo.” “They think he walks on water,” Thornsley says. “I honestly couldn’t tell you why they find him to be so adorable.” In public council meetings ahead of the vote, many residents lauded the project as a game changer for the city. “These are not jobs that are just back and hands, they’re technical jobs, they’re jobs that are going to be able to support a family,” said one woman who has lived in Moreno Valley for more than 30 years. “Most people recognize Moreno Valley as one of three things: crime, corruption, or unemployment,” says resident Leo Gonzalez in a series of 2015 YouTube videos supporting the WLC. “I believe we have the ability to change all that.” In addition to currying favor with residents, Benzeevi skillfully navigated California’s arcane political and environmental laws. Thanks to a 2014 California Supreme Court decision involving Walmart, ballot initiatives that garner enough residents’ signatures can escape the state’s Environmental Quality Act review process. Benzeevi took full advantage of that for the WLC. Iddo Benzeevi (Highland Fairview Community) Meanwhile, Thornsley’s group pushed back. Residents for a Livable Moreno Valley filed lawsuits against the project, which has also faced separate legal challenges from the regional South Coast Air Quality Management District, Riverside County and its transportation commission, and a roster of environmental groups including EarthJustice, the Center for Biological Diversity, and the Coalition for Clean Air. “We already have among the dirtiest air in the nation,” says George Hague, a volunteer for the local Sierra Club chapter. “We keep trying to clean it up, but projects like this put us back.” Benzeevi disputes this, arguing that the benefits of job creation would outweigh the environmental impacts. “There is no better solution to reducing impacts to the environment than creating jobs where people live while utilizing the best available and viable clean technologies,” Benzeevi told Grist via an email from his public relations department. “This is precisely what the WLC does.” Benzeevi notes that Moreno Valley is requiring Highland Fairview to ensure that diesel trucks servicing the WLC meet a 2010 federal government standard for clean diesel. To which Hague counters: “They’re cleaner, but they’re not clean.” With options running out for WLC opponents, the special June 6 city council election to replace a single vacated seat represents a longshot chance to block the megawarehouse project, by putting an opponent on the board who can help overturn previous approvals. The council is now deadlocked 2-2. The open seat was previously held by Moreno Valley’s new mayor, Yxstian Gutierrez. A supporter of the World Logistics Center, Gutierrez won just under a third of the mayoral vote, but that was enough in a multi-candidate race. Benzeevi spent more than $160,000 to help his campaign. Highland Fairview is now backing a preferred candidate for Gutierrez’s open council seat, pouring tens of thousands into canvassing for his campaign through the Benzeevi-sponsored Committee for Ethics and Accountability in Government. WLC opponents are pinning their hopes on the three remaining candidates — one in particular has been an outspoken WLC opponent — who face long odds of winning. Whatever the election outcome, development in the Inland Empire shows no signs of slowing in the short term. But the environmental and health impacts of the logistics industry are starting to spur more awareness of the costs of warehouse growth. The California Air Resources Board voted in March to relocate its research facility to the Inland Empire’s Riverside County, which could potentially offer a more comprehensive understanding of the region’s poor environmental quality. And a bill in the state assembly is challenging the lack of environmental review in the initiative process — the very rule that allowed Benzeevi to push his megawarehouse project through local government. “We have such a disengaged citizenry — most of the people don’t understand the connection of the trucks to city hall,” says Kathleen Dale, a retired urban planner with the Residents for a Livable Moreno Valley group. “When you talk to people, this is a concern of theirs, but they’re not expressing it by going to the polls.” Share Tweet Grist's comments only work with JavaScript. Please enable and refresh the page. Show comments Comment Policy Get Grist in your inbox Briefly Daily Weekly Shift Happens Privacy Policy Editors' Picks A GRIST SPECIAL SERIES Through the Wringer: Lessons from California’s water crisis Californians are coping with water challenges in creative and surprising ways. Special Report Grist 50: Meet the Fixers Introducing 50 innovators working toward a planet that doesn’t burn and a future that doesn’t suck. Action Guide Ask Umbra’s 21-Day Apathy Detox Join the movement to build a more sustainable future, one party at a time. Recent Posts climate desk The Endangered Species Act is often too little too late, but it’s all we’ve got The iconic piece of legislation should be a last resort, not our only recourse. climate desk Smog-sucking bikes? This artist wants to make it happen. Bonus: The captured smog can be used to make jewelry. opportunity Knox Tennesseans might not be too worried about climate change, but they sure love electric cars As the grid gets greener, it increases the climate benefits of plug-in models. climate desk “Resistance as daily existence”: One woman’s story as a climate scientist under Trump How fearful text messages morphed into activism. atlantic antics This summer is going to be great … for hurricanes NOAA released its Atlantic hurricane season forecast. climate desk Climate change lawsuits are on the rise People are suing their governments to demand action. panels make good neighbors In Brooklyn, you can now sell solar power to your neighbors A cutting-edge technology offers a new way to trade electricity. Cover Story Resist… the temptation to hide away in a tiny home What if turning away from the world makes all of its problems so much worse? The Monuments Men Trump doesn’t really give a crap what you think about national monuments A curious decision by the new administration could open protected wilderness to energy exploration. Next Page loading more stories… Sections Briefly Grist 50 Video Justice Food Climate & Energy Cities Living Science More About The Team Contact Donate Fellowships Jobs Privacy Policy Terms of Use Follow Newsletters Facebook Twitter Instagram Feed A Beacon in the Smog® © 1999-2017 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress.com VIP. Post to Cancel
Skip to main content e-Paper Newsletter Advertisement Contact Newspaper Business Opinion Sports A & E Lifestyle Bytes Showbiz Shout Star Weekend Change Makers epaper All Sections Multimedia Video Stories World Spaces Shift Next Step In Focus Literature Book Reviews Health Science Law & Our Rights Wide Angle Environment Travel City Country Supplements Round Tables Home Business 01:29 PM, May 30, 2017 / LAST MODIFIED: 01:40 PM, May 30, 2017 Russia squares up to Boeing, Airbus with maiden jet flight 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link A view shows an An MS-21 medium-range passenger plane, produced by Irkut Corporation, during a flight in Irkutsk, Russia, May 28, 2017. Courtesy of PR Department of Irkut Corporation/Handout via REUTERS Reuters, Moscow Russia carried out the maiden flight of its new MS-21 medium-range passenger plane on Sunday, its first post-Soviet foray into production of a mainline commercial aircraft which it hopes will rival those of its Western competitors. In a surprise statement, manufacturer Irkut Corporation (IRKT.MM) and its state-controlled parent company United Aircraft Corporation (UAC) (UNAC.MM) said an MS-21-300 model had successfully completed a 30-minute flight at a height of 1,000 meters and traveling at 300 km an hour. Squeezed by Western sanctions over its role in the Ukraine crisis, Russia is trying to rejuvenate domestic industrial production to make the country less dependant on foreign firms. The test flight, which was not announced to media beforehand, comes just three weeks after China staged the maiden flight of its new C919 passenger jet, highlighting the growing competition to industry heavyweights Boeing (BA.N) and Airbus (AIR.PA). Russian officials have said the MS-21 is superior to its Western-made counterparts in many respects and will be snapped up by both Russian and foreign carriers, but Western analysts say both Russia and China face a huge challenge to shatter the transatlantic airplane duopoly. "The flight mission has been completed. The flight was fine, there were no observations which will prevent further testing," test pilot Oleg Kononenko was quoted as saying. Western aviation sources however expressed surprise at the flight's brevity and relatively low altitude compared with recent 3-4 hour debuts of North American and European models. "It suggests they either have severe limitations or may have had something happen and decided to come back," said a Western flight test engineer, speaking on condition of anonymity. A Western jetmaking source called it a "genteel flight". A UAC spokesman said the flight had been long enough to test everything that needed checking in the air. Russia has fought hard to shake off its Soviet reputation for old and creaking aircraft flown by inexperienced crews. Flag carrier Aeroflot (AFLTMM) last year earned its fourth star from independent ratings website Skytrax, ranking it alongside major European and Middle Eastern competitors and ahead of big U.S. carriers such as Delta and United. FIRM ORDERS President Vladimir Putin called Irkut General Director Oleg Demchenko to congratulate him and his employees with what the Kremlin called "a significant event". The twin-engine MS-21 will be built in two variants: the MS-21-300 which will have 160-211 seats, and the later MS-21-200 which will have 130-165 seats. It is sometimes referred to as the MC-21 when using the Russian name and Cyrillic letters. Production is expected to start in the next two years and state media have said numerous contracts with domestic and foreign carriers have already been agreed. Irkut said it so far had "firm orders" for 175 planes. America's Boeing and Europe's Airbus remain far ahead of their Chinese and Russian rivals, with bigger sales books and more advanced technical know-how. But the new plane could win sales in Russia and some eastern European and Asian countries, industry analysts say, with buyers attracted by its lower running costs. Irkut said operational costs for its new plane will be up to 15 percent cheaper than current generation aircraft. With a range of up to 6,000 kilometers, the MS-21 will be competing against the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 aircraft which currently dominate the medium-range narrow-body market. Both companies recently upgraded those families to achieve comparable 15 percent operational savings compared to previous versions. State defense conglomerate Rostec, which is headed by close Putin ally Sergei Chemezov, said it had agreed to purchase 85 aircraft. At least 50 of them will be leased to Aeroflot, Rostec said, which currently operates a fleet dominated by narrow-body Airbus models, including 70 A320s. UAC President Yury Slyusar said he estimated global demand for the new MS-21 models at around 15,000 aircraft over the next 20 years. "I'm sure the airlines will appreciate our new aircraft," he said. Stay updated on the go with The Daily Star News App. Click here to download it for your device. The Daily Star Breaking news alert on your phone Grameenphone and Robi: Type START <space> BR and send SMS it to 2222 Banglalink: Type START <space> BR and send SMS it to 2225 Find more information on SMS subscription Leave your comments Comment Policy Top News View More Most Popular Stories Popular In Business Cyclone Mora kills 6 before weakening Cyclone Mora: 'Great Danger' Signal 10 at Ctg, Cox's Bazar ports Statue of Lady Justice reinstalled Sculpture being removed from SC premises Locked up in Motherland Potemkin Road: The tale of the strange bonsai beautification Now Islamists want all statues removed, everywhere Cyclone Mora: Bad weather to linger today Lady Justice reinstalled Israeli minister's dress at Cannes stirs up controversy AC market hots up as mercury climbs More products to be VAT-free in new law Apple opens first official store in SE Asia 15% uniform VAT won’t affect prices of essentials: Muhith Strong bond market needed to finance infrastructure: analysts Nokia to launch smartphones in Bangladesh in June BB should look into Islami Bank issue: analysts For dues, bank puts up Citycell office for sale Apparel exporters gear up to make sportswear Bangladesh’s banking sector malignancy for economy: CPD More from Business Indian economy rides on consumer spending revival ahead of GST launch China to launch cybersecurity law despite concerns French consumer confidence reaches nearly 10-year high Euro dented by Draghi remarks Bangladeshi bankers attend ICC Austria's event in Vienna 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Top News View More Latest from Star Live In case you missed it Streets of Dhaka: My gang and I Mamata at it again Day labourer turns successful retailer Heat wave to continue for a few days Streets of Dhaka: 7 reasons why we love Saat Masjid Road Multimedia you may like Today's Gallery (2017.05.31) Cyclone Mora in photos TODAY'S GALLERY (2017.05.30) TODAY'S GALLERY (2017.05.29) Today's Gallery (2017.05.28) Today's Gallery (2017.05.27) facebook twitter Instagram google plus youtube About Us Contact Us SMS Subscription Apps Comment Policy RSS Sitemap Advertisement Newsletter Conference Hall Archives © 2017 / thedailystar.net | Powered By: RSI LAB Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action. Top
  News Magazines Events Industry Calendar Products   Home >> News: May 30th, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily May 30th, 2017 Arianespace Preps for Launch of ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B For its sixth launch of the year, on May 31, and the third Ariane 5 mission in 2017 from the Guiana Space Center in French Guiana, Arianespace will orbit two satellites: ViaSat-2 for the company ViaSat Inc.; and EUTELSAT 172B for Eutelsat. This will be the 289th mission by Arianespace. ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B are the 558th and 559th satellites to be launched by Arianespace.  ViaSat-2 is the second ViaSat, Inc. satellite to be launched by Arianespace. The first was WildBlue-1 in 2006. ViaSat has publicly announced plans to launch a ViaSat-3 class satellite with Arianespace in the future, further extending the partnership between the two companies. ViaSat is changing the perception of satellite Internet, globally. As a broadband services company, ViaSat has set out to advance global connectivity beyond what traditional telecom, wireless, cable or fiber could deliver, by solving one of the hardest communications problems: making the Internet accessible and affordable to all. The ViaSat-2 satellite system was designed to offer high-capacity connectivity and wide coverage, with dynamic flexibility to move capacity to where demand requires it. The ViaSat-2 satellite system is expected to bring considerable improvements in terms of speed, lower costs and extended broadband coverage within its footprint, which includes North and Central America, plus the Caribbean, northern South America, and the aeronautical and maritime routes in the Atlantic Ocean between North America and Europe. ViaSat-2 offers double the network capacity and seven times more coverage than its predecessor, ViaSat-1, and it will continue to transform the economics and quality of satellite broadband services, delivering the satellite Internet to users on the ground, in the air, or at sea. The satellite system offers approximately 300 Gigabits per second (Gbps) of total network capaci. With an abundance of network capacity, coupled with a state-of-the-art ground network and industry-best bandwidth economics, ViaSat-2 can significantly improve speeds with an in-orbit cost per bit that is considerably lower than other satellite systems. Positioned at 70 West, ViaSat-2 will be the highest capacity communications satellite in orbit, and will enable the highest quality Internet connections, allowing customers to operate an array of fixed and mobile services including in-flight connectivity, maritime, emergency relief, oil and gas operations, and government applications anywhere within its coverage areas. After the launch of ViaSat-2, Arianespace has another ViaSat Inc. satellite in its order book for orbiting at a future date. ViaSat-2 was built by Boeing in El Segundo, California, using a 702HP platform. It will be the 54th Boeing satellite launched by Arianespace, which has three more satellites from this manufacturer in its order book.   EUTELSAT 172B will be the 32nd satellite launched by Arianespace for Eutelsat. Both companies have worked side-by-side since 1983, when Arianespace launched the Eutelsat-1 F1 satellite. Including this upcoming launch, more than half of Eutelsat’s satellites will have been orbited by Arianespace. Eutelsat is one of the world’s leading and most experienced operators of communications satellites. The company provides capacity on 39 satellites to clients that include broadcasters and broadcasting associations; pay-TV operators; video, data and Internet service providers; enterprises and government agencies. EUTELSAT 172B will deliver increased capacity for fast-growing applications that include in-flight and maritime connectivity, cellular backhaul, corporate networks, video distribution and government services. It will be located at 172 degrees East, a key neighborhood providing exceptional Asia-Pacific reach over land and sea, from Alaska to Australia. EUTELSAT 172B will, in particular, feature a new Ku-band multi-beam payload delivering 1.8 Gbps of throughput to serve the world’s fastest-growing region for air traffic. Asia-Pacific represents the largest opportunity for in-flight entertainment and connectivity services. The customized High Throughput Satellite (HTS) payload on EUTELSAT 172B will be a major growth platform for in-flight connectivity, notably Panasonic Avionics Corporation – one of the leading suppliers of in-flight entertainment and connectivity services for commercial airlines. In addition to this HTS payload, the satellite will provide service continuity and improved performance via C- and Ku-band payloads connected to a range of footprints serving the Asia-Pacific markets as well. Arianespace also has two other Eutelsat satellites in its order book for future launches. EUTELSAT 172B is the first all-electric telecommunications satellite built in Europe. This key enabling technology has been implemented by Airbus in Toulouse, using the new all-electric Eurostar E3000 EOR (Electric Orbit Raising) platform. The high-power satellite relies exclusively on electric propulsion for orbit raising and all on-station maneuvers. It also features technological innovations such as the Multi-Port Amplifier (MPA) to distribute power between spot beams in direct response to surges in capacity on-board aircraft; deployable robotic arms to orientate and control plasmic thrust direction during the approximately four-month ride to geostationary orbit; and 3D-printed components. It is the first satellite with this platform to be launched by Arianespace, which has 15 other Airbus-built satellites in its order book. EUTELSAT 172B is the first all-electric satellite to be launched by Arianespace with Ariane 5.   Topical Tags :  Agencies    Launch    Consumer Applications    Satellite Operator    Service Provider      Regional Tags :  Asia/Asia Pacific    Europe    North America             FREE SUBSCRIPTION Today's Top News New Month New Launch at Arianespace All Systems are Go for ViaSat-2 and EUTELSAT 172B SIGMA Gateway Introduced by Speedcast Iran to Launch their First "Sensor-Operational" Satellite Next Year Euroconsult Reports that Government Space Program Spending Will Reach $62 Billion in 2016 On the International Microwave Symposium Show Floor — ETL Systems Product Parade More News Bolivian Space Agency Gets the Edge Selects Gilat for VSAT Complete Connectivity  Airbus Defence and Space's Global Earth Observation Challenge a Win-Win Application NSR's Warm Thoughts of Polar Revenue Opportunity... Forecast of $1.7 Billion  Spaceport Cornwall Partners with Orbital Access Limited Now A Step Closer for Launch of Small Sats  Last Week's Top Stories ULA's 53-Foot Tall Future Heavy Rocket to Take 16 Student Payloads Heavenwards Russian Satellites Come to Life After a Year's Silence Hughes to Implement a Turnkey, Fully-Managed IP Network for a Global Organization Thales Alenia Space Has Sent Europasat to French Guiana for June Launch GomSpace to Deliver Two Smallsats to SpaceQuest Rocket Lab Scrubs Test Launch Due to Triboelectrification From Launch Complex 1  India Picks Up Pace to Provide High-Speed Internet with ISRO's New Satellites IoT Going Beyond the Limits of Cellular with the Just Released Iridium Edge™ SpaceX Moves Launch of Iridium's NEXT Satellite Constellation Ahead of Schedule ... 10 at One Time Philippines to Receive a New DTH Service Via ABS and SOLAR Group News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events ANGA COM 2017 CANSEC IET Milsatcoms 2017 Global Space Exploration Conference (GLEX 2017) International Paris Air Show NSMMS & CRASTE Joint Conference MilSatCom USA
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 28°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Ryanair accelerates expansion in Europe with new Boeing jets Tuesday May 30, 2017 02:57 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Two charged for wrecking Singapore restaurant over S$28 bill The Edit: Android creator Andy Rubin launches Essential Phone Two years later, police officer who shot Tamir Rice fired The Edit: Watch this man’s unreal Wonder Woman transformation Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Ryanair has been cutting costs and slashing prices to undercut rivals on regional routes, while expanding its transatlantic partner network to feed into the lucrative long-haul segment. — File picLONDON, May 30 — Ryanair Holdings Plc plans to accelerate its European expansion to take advantage of financial woes at regional competitors and reduce its reliance on an uncertain UK market. Europe’s biggest discount carrier is in talks with Boeing Co to add two or three more jets to its existing delivery schedule while extending leases on 10 other planes through 2019, Ryanair said in a statement today. That’ll help fuel growth in Italy, Germany, Poland and Romania, where airlines including Air Berlin Plc and Alitalia SpA are restructuring operations amid steep losses. “There’s a huge amount of opportunities out there across Europe as we grow and one of the limiting factors continues to be deliveries of the aircraft,” chief financial officer Neil Sorahan said in a phone interview. “We’ve said to Boeing, if they see gaps in their schedule and have additional aircraft, we’ll take them.” Ryanair has been cutting costs and slashing prices to undercut rivals on regional routes, while expanding its transatlantic partner network to feed into the lucrative long-haul segment. Its strategy brings its business model closer to traditional network carriers after a previous focus on bare-bones point-to-point travel. This weekend’s massive cancellations at British Airways could also be a boon for Ryanair. Ryanair is following low-cost rival EasyJet Plc in bulking up its fleet. Its London-based rival earlier this month upgraded an order for 30 Airbus SE narrow-body aircraft to the biggest A321 variant. The moves will add additional pressure on other European competitors. Profit growth Rising demand in the past year helped push Ryanair’s net income for the fiscal year ended March 31 to €1.32 billion (RM6.29 billion) from €1.24 billion a year earlier, according to the statement. Passengers increased 13 per cent to 120 million, bolstering profit despite a 13 per cent drop in fares. The slide in ticket prices should ease to between 5 per cent and 7 per cent this year as supply better matches demand. The airline predicted an increase in fiscal 2018 earnings of about 8 per cent to between €1.4 billion  and €1.45 billion. Lack of clarity on whether the UK will opt to remain in Europe’s open skies agreement could cause “significant disruption” of flights between the two regions for months after Brexit takes effect in March 2019, the company said. “In the absence of such certainty, or direction, we will continue to pivot our growth away from the UK in 2017 and 2018 to capitalise on the many growth opportunities elsewhere in Europe,” Ryanair said. — Bloomberg                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Uber fires engineer at centre of trade secret suit Ringgit strengthens against US dollar in early trade KL shares open higher but sentiment remains repid Wall Street slips as energy, financials lose ground Short-term rates to remain stable on BNM intervention Singapore court fines ex-broker for corruption in 1MDB probe Chinese automaker Geely takes 49.9pc stake in Proton Ringgit jumps on Opec, yuan at three-month high, other Asian currencies drift Meet Li Shufu, the man who dared buy Proton EPF investment income jumps 73.9pc to RM11.79b in 2017 first quarter Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: Olivia Newton-John reveals cancer return Novice pilots take this insane flying ATV out for a spin Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Ringgit closes lower on cautious investor sentiment KL shares turn mixed at mid-afternoon Swiss watchdog reprimands Credit Suisse over 1MDB dealings (VIDEO) Asian currencies fall against firm dollar; won down for third session KL shares end morning session lower as cautious sentiment persisted Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Ryanair Puts Expansion Ahead of Profit With Boeing Jet Binge by Benjamin D Katz @_benkatz More stories by Benjamin D Katz May 30, 2017, 1:01 AM EDT May 30, 2017, 5:36 AM EDT Growth will pivot away from the U.K. amid Brexit concerns ‘There’s a huge amount of opportunities’ across Europe Ryanair CEO Sees Summer Demand Spike From BA Outage Ryanair Holdings Plc plans to add even more planes to Europe’s increasingly crowded skies as the budget carrier bets it can win a fare war with struggling rivals, even if that means slower profit growth. Europe’s biggest budget airline plans to add at least 47 Boeing Co. 737 planes to its fleet by March 2018, a 12 percent expansion. That compares with the Dublin-based company’s forecast for 8 percent growth in net income. Ryanair’s plans were accelerated as it extended leases on 10 jets through 2019. The airline’s also in talks with Boeing to add two or three more aircraft to its existing delivery schedule. “There’s a huge amount of opportunities out there across Europe as we grow and one of the limiting factors continues to be deliveries of the aircraft,” Chief Financial Officer Neil Sorahan said in a phone interview. “We’ve said to Boeing, if they see gaps in their schedule and have additional aircraft, we’ll take them.” The focus is on growth in markets like Italy, Germany and Poland, where airlines including Air Berlin Plc and Alitalia SpA are restructuring amid steep losses. By adding to its network of long-haul partners, Ryanair is also seeking to take advantage as traditional competitors scramble to lower costs and maintain services, pressure that appeared to contribute to British Airways’ meltdown over the weekend. Ryanair shares rose 1.2 percent to 17.97 euros at 10:30 a.m. in Dublin, taking its gain over the last 12 months to 28 percent. Brexit Pivot The expansion push comes despite doubts about whether the U.K. will remain in Europe’s open skies agreement. That could cause “significant disruption” of flights between the two regions for months after Brexit takes effect in March 2019, the company said. “In the absence of such certainty, or direction, we will continue to pivot our growth away from the U.K.,” Ryanair said. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The no-frills airline is prepared to cut ticket prices to fill its expanded fleet, forecasting that fares will fall as much as 7 percent this fiscal year after dropping 13 percent in the 12 months through March. The slump, spurred by surplus capacity as European carriers looked to benefit from cheaper fuel costs, was expected to ease this year with the likes of EasyJet Plc and eastern European discounter Wizz Air Holdings Plc forecasting rosier pricing outlooks. Rising demand in the past year helped push Ryanair’s fiscal 2017 net income up 6.5 percent to 1.32 billion euros ($1.47 billion) as passengers increased 13 percent to 120 million. The company is forecasting 2018 earnings to increase to between 1.4 billion euros and 1.45 billion euros. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Rich People Don’t Want Ivanka Trump’s Fashion Once Costly Deep-Sea Oil Turns Cheap, to OPEC's Dismay Emirates’ First Class is Becoming Even More Elite China Factory Gauge Holds Up as Global Economic Outlook Improves Old World Order Alive But Unwell After Four Months of Trump Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video BRIEF-Ryanair CFO says 'a little less optimistic' than rivals on summer fa... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Tue May 30, 2017 | 1:06am EDT BRIEF-Ryanair CFO says 'a little less optimistic' than rivals on summer fare levels May 30 Ryanair Chief Financial Officer Neil Sorahan: * says sees average fares down 5 percent in 6 months to end September; down 8 percent in six months to end March 2018 * says 'a little less optimistic on pricing' over summer than some rivals * Says numbers of potential extra Boeing orders unclear but would likely come in 'ones or twos'; could be comparable to earlier order increase from 175 to 183 * Says not expecting lease extensions and extra orders to impact target of 130 million passengers in year to end-March 2018 Further company coverage: (Reporting By Conor Humphries) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News German retail sales unexpectedly drop in April BERLIN, May 31 German retail sales unexpectedly fell in April, data showed on Wednesday, dampening hopes that private consumption will propel growth in Europe's largest economy this year. UPDATE 1-Novartis warns of U.S. price pressure on Sandoz generics ZURICH, May 31 Novartis warned on Wednesday that price pressure on its generics drugs in the United States has intensified in the second quarter, cutting into its Sandoz division's sales growth in the world's largest healthcare market. BRIEF-Moody's maintains negative outlook on Bahrain's banking system due to weaker economy and government debt exposure * Moody's maintains negative outlook on bahrain's banking system due to weaker economy and government debt exposure MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Beavers wins Snohomish County Amateur for 3rd straight year Nick Patterson Mon May 29th, 2017 10:21pm Sports Alvin Kwak (left) reacts as his putt stops on the lip of the cup Monday during the final round of the Snohomish County Amateur golf tournament at Snohomsih Golf Course. Kwan finished tied for fourth and took first place in the junior category. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) You must sign in or register to continue reading content. SNOHOMISH — With two fist pumps and a “C’mon!,” Kevin Beavers wrote his name into the Snohomish County Amateur golf tournament record book. Beavers finished 9-under par to hold off a hard-charging Jacob Rohde and become just the second player ever to three-peat as Snohomish County Amateur champion. Beavers shot a 4-under 68 in Monday’s final round at Snohomish Golf Course, finishing with a 54-hole score of 207 and joining Bob Burton (1973-75) as the only individuals to win three straight times in the County Am’s 87-year history. ”It feels really good,” said Beavers, who dedicated the victory to his fiancee, Hanh Tran, who he got engaged to eight months ago. “I put a lot of work into my game the last few years. I didn’t swing my best these last couple days, but I putted really well. My heart was pumping pretty hard out there, but I managed myself really well, and that’s something I’ve been working on, so I’m very proud of myself for that.” Beavers, a 33-year-old Boeing engineer who lives in Seattle, finished two strokes ahead of Rohde, who shot the low round of the day at 66 to finish at 7-under. Rohde, playing in the group ahead of Beavers, pulled within one stroke through 16 holes. But Beavers overcame an errant tee shot on 18 to finish with a birdie and secure what ended up being a wire-to-wire victory. ”I knew last night going to bed that, with the way Kevin’s been playing, that 69 was likely for him,” said Rohde, a 39-year-old landscape architect from Everett who finished second for the second straight year. “So I thought I needed to shoot 64 to have a chance. I did my best and just came up short. But I tried hard, and the greens were really tough today for putting. Had I gotten a couple more putts to go it could have been good.” Ethan Casto, a 20-year-old from Snohomish and a freshman at Western Washington University, finished third at 4-under. Casto, who came into the final round one stroke behind Beavers in second place, shot an even-par 72. For a while it looked as though Beavers would run away and hide with the trophy. Beavers played flawless golf through 11 holes, making five birdies to reach 10-under. He was all over the flag with his approach shot at the par-4 second before making a 5-foot birdie putt, he drained a 20-foot birdie putt at the par-3 fifth, then he sank a 7-foot birdie putt at the par-4 sixth. After birdieing the first two holes of the back nine he was seven strokes ahead of his playing partner Casto, and even though Rohde finished 3-under over the front nine it seemed immaterial. But Beavers made his first slip at the par-4 13th when he three-putted from 35 feet for his first bogey of the day. Another bogey on the par-4 16th after he drove into the trees, combined with Rohde’s birdie on the par-4 15th, suddenly saw Beavers’ lead shrink to one. But Beavers, taking deep breaths before each of his shots, regained his composure on the par-4 17th, sinking a 5-foot putt to save par. ”Nothing was going wrong on the front side,” Beavers said. “Then I started hitting some squirrely shots on the back nine, which started making me a little nervous. When I heard Rohde was 6-under (for the day), I told myself on 18 I’ve got to make 4.” That would be the par-5 18th. Rohde, needing a birdie, hit a long drive to give himself a chance to go at the green in two. Rohde’s second shot was slightly to the right, landing in a green-side bunker. His bunker shot came up short, and he two-putted from 25 feet to finish with a par. ”I hit a great drive,” said Rohde, who finished with six birdies and no bogeys. “My second shot, I leaked it a little right into the bunker, and when I got into that bunker it was really thin, there wasn’t a lot of sand. So in my head I was going, ‘Just don’t scull it across the green,’ so I fatted it, unfortunately.” Beavers, unaware of Rohde’s par on 18 and thinking he needed a birdie to ensure victory, pulled his drive left and into the trees. But Beavers was able to punch out to 100 yards, then hit a wedge into the green to 7 feet. With two putts to win, Beavers, after another deep breath, rolled the birdie putt into the cup before reacting with his fist pumps. ”My drive was two feet from going in that really tall stuff, so I got a little lucky there,” Beavers said. “I had a window and I hit a really nice 3-iron out and got myself back in play and hit a really nice wedge in there. You don’t go through 54 holes of golf without getting a little lucky, and that was my break.” Beavers has won the tournament all three times he’s entered. Chris Hatch, a senior at Western Washington University, and Alvin Kwak, a sophomore at Kamiak High School, were the only other players to finish under par for tournament, as the Mukilteo residents tied for fourth at 2-under. Hatch shot a 1-under 71 Monday, Kwak shot an even-par 72.   Kevin Beavers chips on to the green under watchful eyes Monday during the final round of the Snohomish County Amateur golf tournament at Snohomsih Golf Course. Beavers finished 9-under par to become the second player ever to win the tournament three straight years. (Andy Bronson / The Herald)   Most Read Melanoma rates in Snohomish County exceed state levels EVERETT — After breaking a 122-year record for the wettest winter and… May 29th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer Street Smarts Hated choke point on 128th Street to get help — thanks to buses Driving along 128th Street over I-5 in south Everett during the afternoon… May 29th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Super Kid Next up for Snohomish senior: Neurobiology studies at UW SNOHOMISH — Jessica Shattuck, 17, has made the most of her four… May 29th, 2017 by Melissa Slager Post office, the heart of Silvana, is yours for $189,000 SILVANA — The little blue post office is for sale. Shiny metal… May 30th, 2017 by Kari Bray Teen in critical condition after apparent road-rage shooting EVERETT — Gunfire left a 16-year-old boy in critical condition Monday afternoon… May 30th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Current Affairs » News » National Major Gogoi case: Involuntary human shield now at the forefront of battles Business Standard CBI files FIRs in controversial AI-IA merger, to probe other UPA-era deals The allegations relate to purchase of 111 aircraft for national airlines costing about Rs 70,000 cr Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  May 30, 2017 Last Updated at 10:30 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVpYqL ALSO READ Look beyond Heathrow, UK government tells Indian airlines India might be self-sufficient in pulses in 2-3 years: Radha Mohan Singh Modi attacks Manmohan Singh in Parl, says note ban unparalleled in world Demonetisation a mammoth tragedy, brace for a tough period: Manmohan Singh Air India's flight to nowhere The CBI will probe the controversial merger of Air India and Indian Airlines, besides alleged irregularities in purchase and lease of aircraft by the two state-run carriers under the UPA government which caused "huge" losses to the exchequer. The investigative agency today registered three FIRs and a preliminary enquiry (PE) to go into the controversial decisions made by the erstwhile Manmohan Singh government with regard to the two national carriers, including surrender of profitable routes to favour private airlines. The cases have been registered against unidentified officials of Air India, Ministry of Civil Aviation and others under charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and corruption, CBI spokesperson R K Gaur said. "The cases relate to decisions taken by the the ministry during the tenure of the UPA which caused losses of tens of thousands of crore of rupees to the exchequer," he said. "The allegations relate to purchase of 111 aircraft for national airlines costing about Rs 70,000 crore to benefit foreign aircraft manufacturers. Such a purchase caused an alleged financial loss to the already stressed national carriers," Gaur said about the first FIR. The CAG had in 2011 questioned the rationale behind the government's decision to order 111 airplanes for AI and Indian Airlines--48 from Airbus and 68 from Boeing-- for about Rs 70,000 crore in 2006. Calling the decision a "recipe for disaster", the government auditor had said it should have raised "alarm" in the Ministry of Civil Aviation, Public Investment Board and The Planning Commission. The second case pertains to leasing of a large number of aircraft without due consideration, proper route study and marketing or price strategy, he said. "It was also alleged that the aircraft were leased even while aircraft acquisition programme was going on," he said. The third case involves allegations of surrender of profitable routes and timings of Air India to favour national and international private players which allegedly caused a "huge" loss to the state-run carrier. In its report on the merger of Air India and Indian Airlines, the CAG had called it "ill-timed". Now the CBI will go into various aspects of the merger. The government auditor had said,"The financial case for the merger was not adequately validated prior to the merger." The merger proposal had received the Manmohan Singh cabinet's approval on March 1, 2007. The CBI's action follows the Supreme Court's January 5 direction on a petition filed by the Centre for Public Interest Litigation led by lawyer Prashant Bhushan. CBI sources said "all stakeholders" were under its scanner with regard to the merger of the two state-run airlines. The process for the merger was initiated by the then Civil Aviation Minister Praful Patel of NCP on March 16, 2006. Patel had sought a concept paper on the merger and a presentation was made before the prime minister on March 22 that year. A Group of Ministers (GoM) had later examined the proposal. Indian Airlines officially merged with Air India in April 2007. The current Air India Chairman-cum-Managing Director Ashwani Lohani had recently said the merger was behind Air India's "downfall". Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had on Saturday favoured disinvestment of Air India, saying the airline's market share was just around 14 per cent whereas its debt burden stood at a staggering Rs 50,000 crore. Read More On Air India | Indian Airlines | Cbi | Government | India | Manmohan Singh | Upa | Merger | Mohan Singh | Current Affairs | National PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep CBI files FIRs in controversial AI-IA merger, to probe other UPA-era deals The allegations relate to purchase of 111 aircraft for national airlines costing about Rs 70,000 cr The allegations relate to purchase of 111 aircraft for national airlines costing about Rs 70,000 cr The CBI will probe the controversial merger of Air India and Indian Airlines, besides alleged irregularities in purchase and lease of aircraft by the two state-run carriers under the UPA government which caused "huge" losses to the exchequer. The investigative agency today registered three FIRs and a preliminary enquiry (PE) to go into the controversial decisions made by the erstwhile Manmohan Singh government with regard to the two national carriers, including surrender of profitable routes to favour private airlines. The cases have been registered against unidentified officials of Air India, Ministry of Civil Aviation and others under charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and corruption, CBI spokesperson R K Gaur said. "The cases relate to decisions taken by the the ministry during the tenure of the UPA which caused losses of tens of thousands of crore of rupees to the exchequer," he said. "The allegations relate to purchase of 111 aircraft for national airlines costing about Rs 70,000 crore to benefit foreign aircraft manufacturers. Such a purchase caused an alleged financial loss to the already stressed national carriers," Gaur said about the first FIR. The CAG had in 2011 questioned the rationale behind the government's decision to order 111 airplanes for AI and Indian Airlines--48 from Airbus and 68 from Boeing-- for about Rs 70,000 crore in 2006. Calling the decision a "recipe for disaster", the government auditor had said it should have raised "alarm" in the Ministry of Civil Aviation, Public Investment Board and The Planning Commission. The second case pertains to leasing of a large number of aircraft without due consideration, proper route study and marketing or price strategy, he said. "It was also alleged that the aircraft were leased even while aircraft acquisition programme was going on," he said. The third case involves allegations of surrender of profitable routes and timings of Air India to favour national and international private players which allegedly caused a "huge" loss to the state-run carrier. In its report on the merger of Air India and Indian Airlines, the CAG had called it "ill-timed". Now the CBI will go into various aspects of the merger. The government auditor had said,"The financial case for the merger was not adequately validated prior to the merger." The merger proposal had received the Manmohan Singh cabinet's approval on March 1, 2007. The CBI's action follows the Supreme Court's January 5 direction on a petition filed by the Centre for Public Interest Litigation led by lawyer Prashant Bhushan. CBI sources said "all stakeholders" were under its scanner with regard to the merger of the two state-run airlines. The process for the merger was initiated by the then Civil Aviation Minister Praful Patel of NCP on March 16, 2006. Patel had sought a concept paper on the merger and a presentation was made before the prime minister on March 22 that year. A Group of Ministers (GoM) had later examined the proposal. Indian Airlines officially merged with Air India in April 2007. The current Air India Chairman-cum-Managing Director Ashwani Lohani had recently said the merger was behind Air India's "downfall". Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had on Saturday favoured disinvestment of Air India, saying the airline's market share was just around 14 per cent whereas its debt burden stood at a staggering Rs 50,000 crore. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 CBI files FIRs in controversial AI-IA merger, to probe other UPA-era deals The allegations relate to purchase of 111 aircraft for national airlines costing about Rs 70,000 cr The CBI will probe the controversial merger of Air India and Indian Airlines, besides alleged irregularities in purchase and lease of aircraft by the two state-run carriers under the UPA government which caused "huge" losses to the exchequer. The investigative agency today registered three FIRs and a preliminary enquiry (PE) to go into the controversial decisions made by the erstwhile Manmohan Singh government with regard to the two national carriers, including surrender of profitable routes to favour private airlines. The cases have been registered against unidentified officials of Air India, Ministry of Civil Aviation and others under charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and corruption, CBI spokesperson R K Gaur said. "The cases relate to decisions taken by the the ministry during the tenure of the UPA which caused losses of tens of thousands of crore of rupees to the exchequer," he said. "The allegations relate to purchase of 111 aircraft for national airlines costing about Rs 70,000 crore to benefit foreign aircraft manufacturers. Such a purchase caused an alleged financial loss to the already stressed national carriers," Gaur said about the first FIR. The CAG had in 2011 questioned the rationale behind the government's decision to order 111 airplanes for AI and Indian Airlines--48 from Airbus and 68 from Boeing-- for about Rs 70,000 crore in 2006. Calling the decision a "recipe for disaster", the government auditor had said it should have raised "alarm" in the Ministry of Civil Aviation, Public Investment Board and The Planning Commission. The second case pertains to leasing of a large number of aircraft without due consideration, proper route study and marketing or price strategy, he said. "It was also alleged that the aircraft were leased even while aircraft acquisition programme was going on," he said. The third case involves allegations of surrender of profitable routes and timings of Air India to favour national and international private players which allegedly caused a "huge" loss to the state-run carrier. In its report on the merger of Air India and Indian Airlines, the CAG had called it "ill-timed". Now the CBI will go into various aspects of the merger. The government auditor had said,"The financial case for the merger was not adequately validated prior to the merger." The merger proposal had received the Manmohan Singh cabinet's approval on March 1, 2007. The CBI's action follows the Supreme Court's January 5 direction on a petition filed by the Centre for Public Interest Litigation led by lawyer Prashant Bhushan. CBI sources said "all stakeholders" were under its scanner with regard to the merger of the two state-run airlines. The process for the merger was initiated by the then Civil Aviation Minister Praful Patel of NCP on March 16, 2006. Patel had sought a concept paper on the merger and a presentation was made before the prime minister on March 22 that year. A Group of Ministers (GoM) had later examined the proposal. Indian Airlines officially merged with Air India in April 2007. The current Air India Chairman-cum-Managing Director Ashwani Lohani had recently said the merger was behind Air India's "downfall". Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had on Saturday favoured disinvestment of Air India, saying the airline's market share was just around 14 per cent whereas its debt burden stood at a staggering Rs 50,000 crore. Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
English Hindi Gujarati App Subscription Specials Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Stocks Feedback Sign in Keep me signed in Forgot password? connect with Don’t have an account? My Profile My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages My Alerts Register New to Moneycontrol - Sign up now Its easy and FREE! Username should be atleast 4 characters Username available Username not available Suggested Usernames Password should be 8 or more characters,atleast 1 number, 1 symbol (except #) & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Keep me signed in OR connect with Logout Login Register My Portfolio My Watchlist My Messages Sign out Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Forum Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 View All Select Language English हिंदी गुजराती Home News Markets Portfolio Watchlist Forum Live TV & Shows Videos Saved Videos Commodities Currencies Mutual Funds Personal Finance Property Specials Invest Now Master Your Money SME Special Real Assets Travel Cafe Tech Control Subscriptions Game Changers Sudarshan Sukhani C. K. Narayan T Gnanasekar Ambareesh Baliga Mecklai Financial Investment Watch Power Your Trade Home Companies Economy Politics Interviews Property World Announcements News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Politics India World Technology Startups Markets Home Pre-Market Advice Technicals F&O Results IPO All Stats Global Markets Currencies Bonds Tools Terminal Mutual Funds Home Learn Evaluate Buy Track Tools Interact ETFs Investment Watch PowerYourTrade Apps Commodities Startups Opinion Property Home Rates Experts Tools FAQs Real Assets Personal Finance Home Planning Investing Insurance Tax Retirement Loans Credit Cards Real Estate Fixed Income Master Your Money Portfolio Forum Gallery Live TV CNBC-TV18 All Stocks App Subscriptions Specials Feedback Qutoes Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Auriferous Aqua Farma , 519363 Farma x India INE890I01035, FARMAXIND, 590094 Solar Farma chem , 524360 More » you are here: HomeNewsBusinessStocks May 30, 2017 06:44 PM IST | Source: Moneycontrol.com Top 5 stocks which can turn out to be multibaggers in next 2-3 years Vinod Nair of Geojit Financial believes that Q4 numbers have been good for the broad economy. BSE Sectors like pharma, IT and telecom are consolidating but beneficiaries like Banks, FMCG and Infrastructure are extending the bull rally, Vinod Nair Head of Research, Geojit Financial Services, said in an exclusive interview with Kshitij Anand of Moneycontrol. Transport Corporation of India, Bharat Electronics, Havells India, Ashok Leyland, and Bharat Forge are among top five stocks which can turn out to be multibaggers in next 2-3 years. Q) What is your call on markets right now? It looks like geopolitical concerns and earnings back home are keeping bulls at bay? A) Currently, we have a cautious view due to high valuation, high expectation for FY18 earnings growth and consolidation in the global financial market due to increase in risk. In spite of these concerns, the market is rolling higher into new high due to strong liquidity from MFs and FIIs. Sectors like pharma, IT and telecom are consolidating but beneficiaries like Banks, FMCG and Infrastructure are extending the bull rally. Developed market is hovering with some volatility led by political uncertainty over US President's ability to deliver its reform promises and interference in a federal investigation, but the overall positive trend has been maintained. The domestic market expectation for FY18 is very strong led by exponential earnings growth and benefit from the implementation of GST. The fourth quarter result has been good providing chance of this trend to continue. A case of caution is that market is expecting more than 20 percent earnings growth in FY18 compared to muted FY17 (Bloomberg), creating a risk of a setback in the future. The Sensex is currently valued at a 1-year forward P/E of about 18x. But given strong retail inflows, Mutual Funds are likely to use every dip as an opportunity to invest in equity. In the case of FIIs, the inflows will depend on the next course of action in the US, which is anticipating strong growth in the economy led by next reform and low cost of funds, FOMC has a cautious view regarding the pace of US rate hike, which is positive for EMs. Q) Any top five stocks you think could well turn out to be multibaggers in the next 2-3 years? Transport Corporation of India Implementation of Goods & Services Tax (GST) will be a game changing event for businesses in general and for organised logistics players. It will provide a boost to warehousing, supply chain management and third-party logistic players (3PL) business. Lesser border checks/paperwork would lead to faster movement of trucks; Transit times and cost is expected to shrink by 20-30%. Further, GST will lead to consolidation of warehouses and outsourcing of warehousing services to third party logistic players. Transport Corporation of India Ltd (TCI) will be one of key beneficiary from the implementation of GST given its well-integrated network with a fleet of 9000 trucks, 1400 branch network, manages 5 ships and has warehousing space of 11mn sq ft. Bharat Electronics Bharat Electronics (BEL) has market leadership in defence electronics given its strong execution capabilities, technological tie-ups with a higher focus on R&D. BEL is a debt free & a cash rich company with a strong order book with of Rs 33,806 crore which is 4.7x FY16 sales, providing strong revenue visibility for next 4 years. Further, BEL will be a major beneficiary of GoI higher focus on Make in India and higher indigenous procurement. GoI plans to bring down import dependence to 30% from current 60%. Further, under the new defence procurement policy, a new category called Buy Indian (Indigenously Designed, Developed and Manufactured – IDDM) was introduced, having the highest priority in procurement which will provide higher opportunities for domestic players and improve domestic R&D investments. Havells India Higher than expected GST rate in consumer discretionary may give some impact on volume due to likely price hike post the GST rolled out. However, being a leading player in electrical consumer goods and the recent acquisition of Lloyd consumer business is expected to bring long-term scalability to HAVL’s consumer business. We expect revenue & PAT to grow at healthy 14% & 17% CAGR over FY17-FY19E. Given strong revenue growth and healthy earnings outlook, HAVL is expected to portray a long-term story in the consumer goods segment. Ashok Leyland Ashok Leyland (AL) is the second largest commercial vehicle (CV) manufacturer in India will be direct beneficiary led by improvement in the road infrastructure projects. AL is the largest supplier of logistic vehicles to Indian Army (5% of revenue), will see higher traction from the new defence procurement policy. AL's 100% Acquisition on its 3 JV with Nissan Corporation of the LCV business will give positive impetus for the business and also allow using the Nissan technology on a 1% royalty basis for 5 years. Management is focused on gaining market share in LCV from 15% to 30% over next 2-3 years by launching new models in FY18. We expect the AL's revenue to grow at 14% CAGR over FY17-19E by factoring 12% volume growth in our estimate for the same period. Bharat Forge Bharat Forge (BFL) is planning to scale up the new business from current 5% to 15% in the next 2 to 3 years. The orders from Boeing and new defence JV with AM General will provide higher revenue visibility in the non auto sector during FY18. BFL has also entered into JVs with SAAB, Rafael & IAI (Israel Aircraft Industry) which will boost its presence in the field of air defence. Government mandatory for in-house sourcing for ‘Make in India’ projects will benefit Bharat Forge, in the long run, to build up order book. Upcoming BS6 emission norms can aid a sharp increase in content per vehicle due to increase in the engine components parts in car and Truck segment. We expect 13% revenue CAGR over FY17-19E led by picking in US truck market and de-risking the utilization in Non-auto sector Q) How are you reading RBI’s guidelines on banking sector regarding NPA? Do you think banking sector is trading at frothy valuations? What should investors do? A) The market is anticipating that the proposed NPA resolution will bring a long lasting solution to the country's NPA issue. More leeway will be given to RBI for direct intervention in NPA resolution of banks. This will remove the uncertainty pertaining over the fate of the accumulated NPA in banks book and add more stability to the sector outlook. RBI’s had broadly outlaid the action plan to tackle NPAs issue (released on 22nd may). But, given the wide nature of the report, it failed to provide clarity on the resolution of outstanding NPA. One concern which may be hoarding the market is that how much quantum of haircut banks will have to take to make this resolution effective, leading to some selling pressure on PSU banks. But, Government is moving in the right direction to strengthen the PSU banks space by favouring a merger of weaker small banks into much larger banks. This will strengthen PSU banking with fewer but stronger banks. Larger PSU banks will have significant benefits from synergies and scope of activity. Regarding valuation, we know that it is high compared to historical trend. The current re-rating in valuation is in anticipation of reforms for NPA resolution, the uptrend in business from FY18 and possibility of a reversal in RBI policy stance. Please do note that though the valuation is high it has not reached the all-time high of one year forward P/B. Hence, even if the prices are high but not completely in terms of valuation. Given the encouraging outlook for banking and Indian economy, the valuation can expand further. As a rational investor, we suggest investors be watchful and convert the dip either through external or internal factor as an opportunity to add their exposure in the banking sector. Q) March quarter season has been a mixed bag for D-Street? Do you think the trend will continue and we could see some correction on the back of high expectations of earnings growth? A) We believe that Q4 numbers for the main indexes (like Sensex) way be mixed but for the broad economy, it has been very good. For example, BSE-100 has given a PAT growth of more than 30 percent on a YoY basis led by Metals, Chemicals, Infrastructure and Energy. The fourth quarter has come as a good one on a YoY basis after a gap of about two years. This is providing more weight to the market's expectation of a reversal in earnings growth in FY18. The risk is that currently, the market expects more than 20 percent growth in earnings compared to sub single digit growth in FY17. Implementation of GST can impact the flow of business in the near-term. At the same time, we should also acknowledge the fact that GST will be a big beneficiary to the listed entities in the long-term. The trend of profitability is likely to be maintained in the future unless global factor changes. The question is whether its YoY growth will be as good anticipated by the market or sub below to conclude whether the valuation is high or fair. This question is very difficult to be answered perfectly today, whereas the trend in the long-term is intact but at premium prices. Q) What are your contra buys (sector or stocks) in the year 2017 and why? A) Three sectors which can be considered as a contrary view are: PSU banks PSU banks have not seen a major improvement in asset quality and business growth continued to remain muted in Q4FY17. Concerns prevail over the quantum of haircuts PSUBs will have to absorb in their balance sheet from the proposed NPA resolution policies. If the new framework proves to bring a sustainable solution to the NPA in the Indian banking sector, it could improve the risk profile of PSUBs and result in a re-rating in valuation. Further, PSUBs are transforming into better-disciplined management, while government’s focus on strengthening the PSU banks through mergers and meeting the capital adequacy improves the business outlook in a reviving economic environment. The current valuation and discount to private peers, therefore, provides a favourable risk-reward ratio. Additionally, Government is moving in the right direction to strengthen the PSU banks space by favouring a merger of weaker small banks into much larger banks. The revised PCA (Prompt Corrective Action) regulatory framework is expected to trigger the next phase of consolidation in the PSUB space. There will be fewer, but stronger banks and large PSU banks will benefit from synergies and scope of activity. SBI and Bank of Baroda are our top picks in the space Cement: The industry valuations (1Yr fwd) are at high on the expectation of revival in demand supported by GoI’s enhanced focus on infra and affordable housing. In spite of high valuation, we still have a positive outlook on cement due to the fact that the realisation should see an improvement going forward. Realisations will improve on account of improvement in capacity utilisation as the demand-supply gap is likely to narrow down given the reduced pace of capacity additions over FY17-18E. Further, the cost efficiency initiatives of the companies will fetch the added benefits on profitability. Additionally, the declining trend of interest rates will give a fillip to the housing sector which accounts for ~67% of total cement demand. IT: The IT sector is witnessing a structural change and is planning to recovery from a new framework of business. The current headwinds are a delay in the US new visa immigration policy and lower spending by the international customers. Other headwinds are lower penetration of the Indian IT companies in the emerging digital and artificial intelligence and a stronger rupee. As a remedy, the Indian IT companies are heavily investing in the digital platform, which is currently growing at 30 percent on a YoY basis in revenue as per the latest quarterly result. Indian IT spending is likely to rise from $270B today to $1trllion by 2024. We maintain our contrarian view in the IT space with a long-term view due to its quick adaptability to the new digital business and advantage of lower valuation. Q) The latest minutes from the RBI suggests that instead of a rate cut, the rate hike could be a possibility. Do you agree? If yes, what could be its implication on market? A) The last RBI policy minutes conclude its view as per the then available data and upcoming unknown issue like the future impact of Demonetisation, GST and caution over monsoon and its implication on food inflation. But recent data act like a shot in the arm, retail inflation has collapsed to 3 percent in April compared to 3.8 percent in March. RBI was working on an inflation rate of 4 percent for FY18, the start to the year has been good and the outlook is anticipating further consolidation in retail inflation at least in the near term due to cut in food prices. Economists expect inflation to inch higher to 5 percent by March-2018 due to the reversal of demonetisation effect over the long-term. But, currently, the market is taking it as a positive action in anticipation of good monsoon which will ease inflation further. Additionally, Government is working in such a way that GST rates will further cut the food prices. This has to be factored by RBI and can change its stance from neutral to accommodative in the medium-term. Q) What is your one advice to investors inspired from your guru? A) The market is the true guru of its own which cannot be completely explained by any Voyager due to known and unknown's factor. For example, even after spending years or decade in the equity market experts find it difficult to decide whether we are in a bull or bear market, when did it start or when it will end. Yesterday's defensive capital creates have become today's wealth destroyer or vice versa. In all this unknown’s one thing is for sure, that equity is the best asset with a good return in the long-term. The only way to explore the benefit is to keep it simple and excels in long-term. For passive investors, the best way to benefit from the ever-changing and competitive business world is through equity SIP. While for active retail investors be updated on research outputs and invest in companies which have built and grown their brands with healthy historical parameters. Work with a portfolio method which is not over diversified.To outperform the benchmark you need to identify sectors for which outlook is changing or improving led by demand-supply scenario (domestic or global market), technology changes or regulatory factors. Accordingly, you will have to get in or out of the stocks or sectors. Keeping emotions away from the investment is always advisable. tags #Ashok Leyland #Bharat Electronics #Bharat Forge #Havells India #Stocks Views #Transport Corporation of India #VinodÃ‚Â Nair Related news Business Buy United Spirits, BEML, Ashok Leyland: Ashwani Gujral May 31, 2017 11:41 AM Business Buy LIC Housing Finance, Mahindra and Mahindra: Sandeep Wagle May 31, 2017 11:24 AM Business Buy Asian Paints, HCL Technologies: Amit Gupta May 31, 2017 10:34 AM Business Buy South Indian Bk, Indiabulls Real Estate, United Spirits: Ashwani Gujral May 31, 2017 10:21 AM Business Buy Godrej Ind, Grasim, Tata Chemicals; sell Hexaware, BHEL: Mitessh Thakkar May 31, 2017 10:12 AM Business Nifty to inch towards 9,700; 5 stocks which can give up to 13% return in short term May 31, 2017 09:12 AM Business Here are a few stock ideas by SP Tulsian May 31, 2017 09:08 AM Business Buy, Sell, Hold: 6 stocks that analysts are tracking today May 31, 2017 09:00 AM Business Here are a few trading tips from market experts May 31, 2017 08:56 AM News Most Popular Top News Early rains to shower hope for Sensex; top 10 stocks to chase this monsoon Tata Motors cuts up to 1,500 managerial jobs Mid & smallcap stocks crack; 10 stocks which can give up to 50% return This smallcap could pump more profits as it now starts to leverage its assets Stay with winning theme! 25 stocks rose up to 2000% in 5 years of top 5 midcap funds Market Live: Sensex, Nifty consolidate ahead of Q4 GDP data; M&M extends rally GDP estimates for FY17 to be revealed today: 4 things to watch out for Will Tiago be Tata Motors' first commercial e-vehicle? see more Video of the day Market punishing stocks whose valuations are not in sync with prices: Motilal Oswal Portfolio Markets Watchlist Live TV Show Currencies Commodities Fixed Income Personal Finance Mutual Fund Stock Market India IPO Global Market Budget 2017 BSE Sensex Forum News Business Markets Stocks Economy Mutual Funds Personal Finance IPO Startups Stocks: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z | Others Mutual Funds: A | B | C | D | E | F | G | H | I | J | K | L | M | N | O | P | Q | R | S | T | U | V | W | X | Y | Z Visit the App Store to see all our apps: Tools Retirement Planning EMI Calculator SIP Calculator SIP Planner Useful Links Budget 2016 Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Best Portfolio Manager Small Savings Schemes Bonds Specials Master Your Money Game Changers Travelcafe SME Special Investment Watch PowerYourTrade MoneyBhai Focus Grow My Money GE Step Ahead SME Step Up Feedback & Info feedback@moneycontrol.com About us | Contact Us | Feedback | Disclaimer | Privacy Statement | Terms of Use | Careers | Financial Terms (Glossary) | FAQs | Sitemap | RSS Feed Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Sections » Home » Forum » IPO » Markets » Mutual Funds » Budget 2017 » Commodities » Real Asset » News » Currencies » SME Special » Portfolio » Fixed Income » Watchlist » Property » Stock List » MF List » Glossary » Sitemap » Live TV & Shows » Personal Finance » PowerYourTrade Desktop Version » Follow us on Available On Disclaimer | Terms of Use | Privacy Statement | FAQs | Sitemap | Feedback Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd All rights resderved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express writtern permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Kshitij Anand
pagebyid |not_archive 1build_title Tech innovation meets military service: GeekWire's Memorial Day remembrance and update Tech innovation meets military service: GeekWire’s Memorial Day remembrance and update – GeekWire Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits GeekWire Startup Resources GeekWire Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers GeekWire Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Donald Trump’s midnight tweet turns #covfefe into viral meme Drones vs. trucks: UW study compares carbon footprints for delivery methods Uber terminates executive at center of self-driving car lawsuit brought by Google’s Waymo Steve Ballmer reveals how the Clippers will use AI and data to enhance game broadcasts for fans Meet the robo-janitor designed by Amazon for cleaning up robotic warehouses State ferry system advises drivers to avoid taking BMW ReachNow cars aboard until technical issue is resolved Purdue joins Microsoft in five-year mission to create topological quantum computer Seattle Chamber thinks you should vote for these candidates in competitive mayoral and City Council races Android creator Andy Rubin is back with Amazon Echo competitor and new Essential smartphone Man reaches 88 mph in his DeLorean, but $400 ticket later, he doesn’t get ‘Back to the Future’ Amazon abruptly cancels trailblazing ‘Style Code Live’ shopping show Hotels try to divert business from Expedia and Priceline, as millennial travelers upend the industry Big hotels try to divert business from Expedia and Priceline, as millennial travelers upend the industry Big demand, little supply: Seattle’s hot housing market gets hotter with highest price gains in U.S. Amazon patents shipping label with built-in parachute for dropping packages from drones Amazon stock briefly tops $1,000 per share PlayOn expands cloud video recording service to Android users GeekWire Deals: 89% off your complete programming education (Python, Java, C++ and more) Star Trek’s Tricorder, realized? This device uses AI to diagnose medical conditions 30 years later, the legacy of ‘Star Trek: The Next Generation’ lives on When Facebook is a total blast: Rare Mount St. Helens eruption photo gets new life on social media Northern lights, cameras, action: Night sky watchers capture dramatic aurora over Seattle We tried the new AmazonFresh Pickup service in Seattle, and this is what happened BMW’s ReachNow investigating cases of cars getting stuck on Washington State Ferries Inside Sonos’ Seattle office, where the music is bumpin’ and the team is growin’ AmazonFresh Pickup expands to Prime members in Seattle, with automatic license-plate recognition Zillow announces $1M prize for anyone who can improve the algorithm for its Zestimate Terror at 30,000 feet: I can’t get the WiFi to work As Amazon flirts with $1,000/share, shareholder questions Jeff Bezos about stock split Legendary computer scientist James Gosling joining Amazon Web Services T-Mobile’s new spin on the phone number, Digits, coming May 31 Geek of the Week: Game director Luke Smith finds his ‘Destiny’ with sequel to popular franchise Video: Watch Amazon’s Jeff Bezos talk with kids about Apollo’s space legacy – and share life lessons 30 years later, the legacy of ‘Star Trek: The Next Generation’ lives on Microsoft HoloLens takes augmented reality to next level for warfighters Pizza, soda, Oreos and breathing: 7 key lessons I learned in the startup trenches Amazon exec running for Seattle school board, applying lessons learned from tech giant Microsoft game-streaming service Beam is now ‘Mixer,’ with new features to take on Amazon’s Twitch Click to trunk in 15 minutes? Testing Amazon’s new ridiculously fast order fulfillment Tech Moves: Amperity adds former Facebook engineering leader; Ex-Amazon talent director joins Outreach; and more Trending: BMW’s ReachNow investigating cases of cars getting stuck on Washington State Ferries Tech innovation meets military service: GeekWire’s Memorial Day remembrance and update by Monica Nickelsburg on May 29, 2017 at 9:30 amMay 29, 2017 at 6:26 pm Comments   Share  36 Tweet Share  33 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! The American Cemetery in Normandy at Omaha Beach. (GeekWire Photo / John Cook). As the first warm-weather holiday weekend of the year, it’s easy to get caught up in barbecues and road trips and lose touch with Memorial Day’s roots. But today is also about reflecting on those who have passed while serving in the armed forces. In their honor, we’ve rounded up some of our veteran and military-related coverage. We’ve also checked in on what the people and organizations have been up to since we featured them in GeekWire. Continue reading to find out what they’re up to now and to learn about the intersection of technology and military service. On the front lines of tech: Bunker Labs ready to help veterans move from military service to startups Since GeekWire’s Lisa Stiffler profiled Bunker Labs just a few months ago, the company has continued expanding to help more veterans make the leap to startups. Bunker Labs Seattle hosted its first Bunker Beers event in January in Tacoma at Odd Otter, a veteran owned establishment. (Bunker Labs Photo) Why military veterans make exceptional tech workers, and how Microsoft is helping them land jobs Earlier this month, Microsoft was recognized by the U.S. Department of Defense for its support of National Guard and Reserve military members. Among the ways the Redmond-based company supports troops is through their recruiting efforts. GeekWire’s Taylor Soper has a look at Microsoft’s mission to train and hire veterans. Military veterans Bernard Bergan (left) and Ryen Macababbad went through the Microsoft Software & Systems Academy and now work for the Redmond tech giant. Boeing and Air Force demonstrate new airborne networking system for fighter jets Boeing continues to test plane-to-plane networking systems allowing fighter jets to communicate. The Talon HATE system uses satellites to share operational data between F-15C and F-22 aircraft. GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle has a look at this in-flight communications system. When the call of duty is technology, veterans rally to support each other through Operation Code Since we covered David Molina’s Operation Code, a non-profit that helps veterans launch careers in technology, the organization has grown into a massive Slack group with 1,200 members and about 60 channels. All of the members are military veterans seeking a community and resources related to coding. Molina’s efforts to get the G.I. Bill to cover coding schools is gaining traction in Congress. Operation Code website. Code Fellows wins approval to accept GI Bill to teach veterans how to code As Stiffler noted in her coverage of Operation Code, Molina has been working with Seattle developer school Code Fellows to help train more veterans in tech skills. Last year, Code Fellows received approval from the Veteran’s Administration to accept funding through the G.I. Bill. Code Fellows continues to offer scholarships and actively recruits veterans to join its program. Microsoft’s HoloLens joins the military The military has been using Microsoft’s HoloLens virtual reality headset to simulate field conditions for training exercises. Boyle revisits how the military is leveraging Microsoft’s HoloLens in today’s update: Microsoft HoloLens takes augmented reality to the next level for America’s warfighters. Marine Corps Commandant Robert Neller uses a HoloLens augmented-reality system to manipulate virtual objects during an April demonstration at Camp Foster on Okinawa. (U.S. Marine Photo / Tayler P. Schwamb) Monica Nickelsburg handles a variety of editorial roles, including social media, site production, and the Geek Life beat. Originally from Southern California, she studied journalism and history at NYU before landing in Seattle. She loves arts, pop-culture, and her adopted city. Follow her @mnickelsburg Comments Share  36 Tweet Share  33 Reddit Email Previous StoryMicrosoft HoloLens takes augmented reality to next level for warfighters Next StoryBMW’s ReachNow investigating cases of cars getting stuck on Washington State Ferries Filed Under: Tech  Tagged With: memorial day • Military • Tech • veterans GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories On the front lines of tech: Bunker Labs ready to help veterans move from military service to startups Former Olympian and NFL linebacker launch market research platform for the sports tech industry Video: Jeff Bezos at the White House promotes plan to hire 25,000 veterans and military spouses at Amazon Madrona Labs hires startup vet Jay Bartot as VC incubator focuses on ‘deeper’ technical ideas Previous StoryMicrosoft HoloLens takes augmented reality to next level for warfighters Next StoryBMW’s ReachNow investigating cases of cars getting stuck on Washington State Ferries Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: 89% off your complete programming education (Python, Java, C++ and more) GeekWire Deals: The Kickstarter-approved smartwatch that’s both powerful and affordable Most Popular on GeekWire When Facebook is a total blast: Rare Mount St. Helens eruption photo gets new life on social media Northern lights, cameras, action: Night sky watchers capture dramatic aurora over Seattle We tried the new AmazonFresh Pickup service in Seattle, and this is what happened BMW’s ReachNow investigating cases of cars getting stuck on Washington State Ferries Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Software Development Manager – BackendOfferUp Security Software EngineerOfferUp RecruiterMoz A Word From Our Sponsors Luxury lives here. Learn more. Kasala – modern home furnishings Learn more. Washington’s Beach Town Goes Downtown Come out and enjoy the Washington Coast; your beach home is waiting for you, visit seabrookwa.com to find yours! Luxury lives here. Learn more. GeekWire Sports Tech Summit: Speakers announced, tickets going fast! Register today! Luxury lives here. Learn more. Kasala – modern home furnishings Learn more. Washington’s Beach Town Goes Downtown Come out and enjoy the Washington Coast; your beach home is waiting for you, visit seabrookwa.com to find yours! Luxury lives here. Learn more. GeekWire Sports Tech Summit: Speakers announced, tickets going fast! Register today! Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Wednesday, May 31, 2017Switch to हिन्दी SportsTracker From aerodynamics to tyres, all F1 rule changes for 2017 season explained Front Page Politics Yogi Adityanath arrives in Ayodhya, day after court charges Advani, Bharti, Joshi in Babri demolition case Odisha CHSE Class 12th board exam results 2017 declared: Check your grades on orissaresults.nic.in Ban on sale, purchase of cattle a gross injustice to farmers: Sharad Pawar Babri Masjid case: BJP defends accused even as Congress demands Uma Bharti's resignation Ban on cattle sale: Opposition calls Centre's move an 'attempt to encroach upon powers of states' Kerala cow slaughter becomes poll issue in Gujarat, as BJP attacks Congress, calls it a 'sinking ship' Sports Champions Trophy 2017: Harbhajan Singh gets backing of Pakistan's Saqlain Mushtaq for India spot India vs Pakistan: Politics and rhetoric reduce clashes between arch-rivals to just a sideshow Champions Trophy 2017: Andrew Strauss says IPL helped England players gain 'vital experience' French Open 2017: Rafael Nadal taking on 'dangerous' Robin Haase and other interesting ties of Day 4 AFC Cup: Depleted Mohun Bagan look to end poor season with victory over Abahani Limited Dhaka French Open 2017 : Rafael Nadal's coach Carlos Moya advises him to ignore all talk of 10th title India Humans of Hindutva Facebook page blocked temporarily; 'collective effort to muzzle voices,' says admin Iran threatens to let Russian cos develop Farzad B gas field after India plans to cut oil purchase After three days of curfew and shutdowns, Kashmir Valley limps back to normalcy Fearing China backlash, India to not include Australia in joint naval drills involving US and Japan in the Bay of Bengal Not linked your Aadhaar with PAN yet? Just send an SMS, says I-T dept Madras HC stays ban on sale of cattle for slaughter: Defending its move could embarrass Narendra Modi govt World Blast near Indian embassy in Kabul kills 49, injures 300; Modi briefed, Sushma Swaraj says 'staff safe' France used anti-terrorism laws to curb legitimate protest, says Amnesty International Manchester terror attack probe: UK police release 3 suspects, 11 remain in detention Fearing China backlash, India to not include Australia in joint naval drills involving US and Japan in the Bay of Bengal Activist arrested for investigating working conditions at factory manufacturing Ivanka Trump brand in China Meet BlessU-2: Unveiled to mark 500 years of Reformation, this robot 'priest' will forgive your sins in five languages Business Narendra Modi's four-nation tour: PM missed a chance to talk on IT with Merkel, but it's still not late Not linked your Aadhaar with PAN yet? Just send an SMS, says I-T dept Narendra Modi's four-nation tour: India, Europe fresh trade treaty talks a win-win for both IT jobs in India seen declining 14% by 2021 as automation puts 480,000 workers at risk Narendra Modi's four-nation tour: Make in India outreach programme has attracted many German SMEs, says PM Amazon shares break $1,000, beating Google's Alphabet; analysts see more gains Entertainment Sexism in stand-up comedy; or what happens when you ask a boys' club why it’s a boys' club Akshay Kumar, Raveena Tandon to judge The Great Indian Laughter Challenge? Robert De Niro tells Brown graduates the US is now a 'tragic, dumbass comedy' Priyanka Chopra's third Hollywood film will be a rom-com with Rebel Wilson, Liam Hemsworth? Victoria & Abdul trailer: Little known story about Queen's relationship with her closest confidant Game of Thrones season seven episodes will have longer run-time, to make up for fewer numbers Photos Videos F.Shows TECH2 हिंदी CT 2017 Oppo You are here: Latest News India News CBI to probe Air India-Indian Airlines merger and alleged irregularities in other UPA-era deals CBI to probe Air India-Indian Airlines merger and alleged irregularities in other UPA-era deals IndiaPTIMay, 30 2017 08:05:53 IST #Air india#Cag#Cbi#Indian airlines#Manmohan singh government#Ministry of civil aviation#Newstracker#Upa government New Delhi: The Central Bureau of Investigation(CBI) will probe the controversial merger of Air India and Indian Airlines, besides alleged irregularities in purchase and lease of aircraft by the two state-run carriers under the United Progressive Alliance(UPA) government which caused "huge" losses to the exchequer. File image of Air India aircraft. Reuters The investigative agency on Monday registered three FIRs and a preliminary enquiry (PE) to go into the controversial decisions made by the erstwhile Manmohan Singh government with regard to the two national carriers, including surrender of profitable routes to favour private airlines. The cases have been registered against unidentified officials of Air India, Ministry of Civil Aviation and others under charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and corruption, CBI spokesperson RK Gaur said. "The cases relate to decisions taken by the the ministry during the tenure of the UPA which caused losses of tens of thousands of crore of rupees to the exchequer," he said. "The allegations relate to purchase of 111 aircraft for national airlines costing about Rs 70,000 crore to benefit foreign aircraft manufacturers. Such a purchase caused an alleged financial loss to the already stressed national carriers," Gaur said about the first FIR. The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India had in 2011 questioned the rationale behind the government's decision to order 111 airplanes for AI and Indian Airlines — 48 from Airbus and 68 from Boeing — for about Rs 70,000 crore in 2006. Calling the decision a "recipe for disaster", the government auditor had said it should have raised "alarm" in the Ministry of Civil Aviation, Public Investment Board and The Planning Commission. The second case pertains to leasing of a large number of aircraft without due consideration, proper route study and marketing or price strategy, he said. "It was also alleged that the aircraft were leased even while aircraft acquisition programme was going on," he said. The third case involves allegations of surrender of profitable routes and timings of Air India to favour national and international private players which allegedly caused a "huge" loss to the state-run carrier. In its report on the merger of Air India and Indian Airlines, the CAG had called it "ill-timed". Now the CBI will go into various aspects of the merger. The government auditor had said,"The financial case for the merger was not adequately validated prior to the merger." The merger proposal had received the Manmohan Singh cabinet's approval on 1 March, 2007. The CBI's action follows the Supreme Court's 5 January direction on a petition filed by the Centre for public interest litigation led by lawyer Prashant Bhushan. CBI sources said "all stakeholders" were under its scanner with regard to the merger of the two state-run airlines. The process for the merger was initiated by the then civil aviation minister Praful Patel of NCP on March 16, 2006. Patel had sought a concept paper on the merger and a presentation was made before the prime minister on March 22 that year. A group of ministers (GoM) had later examined the proposal. Indian Airlines officially merged with Air India in April 2007. The current Air India chairman-cum-managing director Ashwani Lohani had recently said the merger was behind Air India's "downfall". Finance Minister Arun Jaitley had on Saturday favoured disinvestment of Air India, saying the airline’s market share was just around 14 per cent whereas its debt burden stood at a staggering Rs 50,000 crore. #Air india#Cag#Cbi#Indian airlines#Manmohan singh government#Ministry of civil aviation#Newstracker#Upa government Published Date: May 30, 2017 08:05 am | Updated Date: May 30, 2017 08:05 am Also See CBI Air India probe: UPA cannot escape allegations of failure at several levels in pushing merger CBI lodges cases to probe Indian Airlines-Air India merger, purchase of 111 planes Coal scam: CBI urges court to award ex-coal secretary HC Gupta seven years for criminal conspiracy Indian carriers are against Qatar Airways' India plans and their points are valid; govt should take heed Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 1 ENG Vs BAN 2 Jun 2 AUS Vs NZ 3 Jun 3 SL Vs SA 4 Jun 4 IND Vs PAK 5 Jun 5 AUS Vs BAN Full Schedule Top Stories Delhi University's unrealistic cut-offs give nightmares to students, parents; CBSE must rethink evaluation process It's Not Really a Cattle Slaughter Ban. But it's as Good as One Blast near Indian embassy in Kabul kills 49, injures 300; Modi briefed, Sushma Swaraj says 'staff safe' Champions Trophy 2017: India gave their most comprehensive bowling display in recent times vs Bangladesh Consider these 5 factors while making lump-sum investments in mutual funds Narendra Modi's four-nation tour: India, Europe fresh trade treaty talks a win-win for both Yogi Adityanath arrives in Ayodhya, day after court charges Advani, Bharti, Joshi in Babri demolition case Dasari Narayana Rao dead at 75: Telugu cinema loses one of its most forceful voices Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs BAN ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 NZ Vs SL New Zealand beat Sri Lanka by 6 wickets South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA South Africa beat England by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs NZ India beat New Zealand by 45 runs (D/L method) South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA England beat South Africa by 2 runs ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 BAN Vs PAK Pakistan beat Bangladesh by 2 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS Vs SL Australia beat Sri Lanka by 2 wickets Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 BAN Vs NZ Bangladesh beat New Zealand by 5 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 1 run ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs BAN - Jun 1st, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs NZ - Jun 2nd, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 3rd, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL vs SA - Jun 3rd, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 4th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs PAK - Jun 4th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs BAN - Jun 5th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 6th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs NZ - Jun 6th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK vs SA - Jun 7th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
SUBSCRIBE NOWMemorial Day Sale Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 65 18 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Hot seat has scorched many top Ford execs Ford CEOs have faced headwinds in the past and it’s no different for outgoing CEO Mark Fields Post to Facebook Hot seat has scorched many top Ford execs Ford CEOs have faced headwinds in the past and it’s no different for outgoing CEO Mark Fields  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2sfsgRZ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 24 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Hot seat has scorched many top Ford execs Ian Thibodeau , The Detroit News Published 9:37 p.m. ET May 29, 2017 | Updated 9:51 p.m. ET May 29, 2017 FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn The fates of Ford's leaders  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Buy Photo Ford Motor CEO Alan Mulally, left, announces his plan to retire on May 1, 2014, joined by his successor Mark Fields and executive chairman Bill Ford Jr. Mulally was considered a rock star; Fields, like other CEOs in Ford's history, lasted only a few years at the top. Here's a look at Ford's leaders since 1970.  David Coates, The Detroit News Fullscreen Buy Photo Lee Iacocca, Ford president, 1970-78. Seen here with chairman Henry Ford II, right, Iacocca would never be the company's CEO. Henry Ford II didn’t like him, and said so publicly.  The Detroit News archives Fullscreen Buy Photo Iacocca, the man behind the birth of the Mustang, the Lincoln Continental Mark II and the Pinto, was fired in 1978, despite the fact that the company earned a $2 billion profit that year.  The Detroit News archives Fullscreen Buy Photo Henry Ford II resigns from Ford Motor Company on March 13, 1980. With him are CEO Phillip Caldwell, who succeeded Ford as chairman of the board, and at right, Don Petersen, a future Ford CEO.  The Detroit News archives Fullscreen Phillip Caldwell, 1979-1985. Having taken over the presidency from Iacocca in 1978, Caldwell succeeded Henry Ford II as chairman and CEO in 1981. He's seen here meeting with President Ronald Reagan at a White House meeting with auto executives. He retired in 1985.  Dennis Cook, Associated Press Fullscreen Donald Petersen, 1985-1990. Petersen was shown the door not long after he told Forture magazine that Edsel Ford II and Bill Ford Jr. did not have a "leg up" on ascending to top management.   Detroit News Photo Archive Fullscreen Buy Photo Harold "Red" Poling, 1990-1993. Poling, seen at right with William Clay Ford in 1993, steered the company through a recession. When he retired at age 68, Ford had a 25 percent market share, and five of the ten best-selling vehicles in the U.S.  The Detroit News archives Fullscreen Alex Trotman, 1993-1999. Like his predecessors, Trotman held the titles of chairman and CEO. But Bill Ford Jr. was named chairman in 1998. Trotman reportedly said, “So now you have your monarchy back, Prince William.”  Ford Motor Co. Fullscreen Jacques Nasser, 1999-2001. Nassar, seen here with Bill Ford Jr., lasted less than two years as CEO, amid conflicts with dealers and employees and the Firestone rollover crisis that led to a recall of 20 million tires.  Jeff Kowalsky, AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen Buy Photo Bill Ford Jr., 2001-2006. Ford assumed the CEO duties in addition to chairman, but eventually concluded he wasn't the right man for the job. He remains executive chairman of the board.  Charles V. Tines, The Detroit News Fullscreen Alan Mulally, 2006-2014. Bill Ford Jr. recruited Alan Mulally from Boeing Co. to lead a sweeping restructuring. Well-regarded within the company, Mulally carried Ford through the Great Recession that pushed GM and Chrysler into bankruptcy. He voluntarily left the company in 2014.  Andrew Burton, Getty Images Fullscreen Mark Fields, 2014-2017. A longtime Ford executive who was endorsed by Mulally, Fields led Ford to record sales and profits, but the share price fell 40 percent during his tenure. A regression to an "Old Ford" management system and a lack of clarity about the plan for the future also contributed to his ouster.  Drew Angerer, Getty Images Fullscreen Jim Hacket, named CEO on May 22, 2017. The former Steelcase Inc. CEO and former interim athletic director for the University of Michigan spent the last year chairing the automaker’s Ford Smart Mobility subsidiary. Among his tasks: restoring the culture of teamwork that Alan Mulally implemented.  Ford Motor Co. Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 13 2 of 13 3 of 13 4 of 13 5 of 13 6 of 13 7 of 13 8 of 13 9 of 13 10 of 13 11 of 13 12 of 13 13 of 13 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Don Petersen, shown here in 1987, ran afoul of Hank the Deuce and tried to sideline the next generation of the family. (Photo: Detroit News Photo Archive) 65 CONNECTTWEET 18 LINKEDIN 24 COMMENTEMAILMORE Mark Fields is the latest Ford Motor Co. chief executive ousted from a company where big decisions still are very much influenced by its founding family. Henry Ford II didn’t like Lee Iacocca, and said so publicly. Don Petersen ran afoul of Hank the Deuce and tried to sideline the next generation of the family. Jac Nasser angered dealers and employees, important constituencies to the family. And Fields, named to the top job less than three years ago, was judged to be the wrong guy at the wrong time, despite presiding over two years of record profits. “We had a board meeting (last) Friday, and following that, Mark and I got together and we decided that it was the right time for him to resign,” Executive Chairman Bill Ford Jr. said when Fields’ departure — and the appointment of Jim Hackett as president and CEO — was announced May 22. “So really only at that point did we activate (Hackett) as the new CEO.” The automaker is in a hurry. Amid plateauing vehicle sales and lagging quality, Ford is trying to cement its place in a rapidly changing industry with newcomers Tesla Inc., Waymo, Apple Inc. and others from Silicon Valley. Hackett, a management veteran with a reputation for teamwork and attention-grabbing moves in his time as head of Steelcase Inc., follows Fields as a “change agent” who Bill Ford Jr. hopes will dismantle the management hierarchy and better deliver the message that the automaker is a future-looking company. “With Mark, it was kind of a retrenchment to some of that Ford history,” said David Cole, chairman emeritus at the Center for Automotive Research. “That, plus the decline in the value, put a lot of pressure on all the shareholders, which included the Ford family… I think they perceived Mark Fields as business as usual. And that turned out to be the kiss of death. “That would have scared the liver out of anybody.” Ford CEOs have always had tough jobs for a multitude of reasons. Few could have filled Alan Mulally’s shoes, according to Cole. “One of the toughest jobs in the world is to replace somebody who was viewed as an icon,” Cole said. “That was a horrifying job that Mark had.” History of clashes Since Henry Ford II fired automotive legend Lee Iacocca in 1978, Ford CEOs and presidents have stayed with the company for an average of four years — not including Bill Ford Jr.’s tenure in the 2000s. Fields was fired two years and 11 months after his appointment to succeed Mulally, whose tenure ran for nearly eight years. The family with its name on the cars of the 114-year-old automaker remains a guiding and stabilizing force within the company. Bill Ford Jr. and his cousin Edsel Ford II sit on the 16-member board. As chairman since 1999, Bill Ford Jr. is the voice of the Ford family. Record profits and sales under Fields were marred by an unclear vision for the future. His retirement came as the board grew less confident in Fields and more involved in pushing for a clear path forward for the company. Chief Executive Officer of Ford Mark Fields speaks before before the unveiling of the 2018 Lincoln Navigator at the New York International Auto Show on April 12, 2017 at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center in New York City. The New York International Auto Show will open to the public starting Friday April 14 and run through April 23.  (Photo: Drew Angerer / Getty Images) A board vote ousted Fields, not a shareholder vote. In recent months, Ford’s outside directors began to delve more deeply into Fields’ strategy for the future and grew increasingly troubled with the company’s direction and Fields’ ability to lead it, according to a source familiar with the situation. The Ford family’s 70.9 million shares make up less than 2 percent of the company shares, yet the stake gives the family 40 percent of the voting power within the company, according to a February regulatory filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. Under a structure established when the automaker went public in 1956, a single Class B share is equivalent to 16 common shares, and can be owned only by family members. The weighted shares have been challenged by recurring proposals at annual meetings, but those challenges have been routinely voted down. Dissident shareholders like John Chevedden have called the super-votes unfair because they give the Ford family so much control. “The super-voting shares effectively give them veto power over any decisions,” said Bryce Hoffman, author of “American Icon: Alan Mulally and the Fight to Save Ford Motor Company” and a former Detroit News auto writer. “But the company still has to satisfy the public markets. Nobody can force the family to do something they don’t want to do. That doesn’t make it immune to the market.” Ford CEOs have historically clashed with the family even during periods of growth. But that doesn’t appear to be the case with the dismissal of Fields, as pressure came from outside directors. Iacocca, whose eight-year run as Ford’s president began in 1970, infamously butted heads with then-Chairman and CEO Henry Ford II. Even bringing the wildly popular Ford Mustang to the market in 1964 and running the Blue Oval during Detroit’s Golden Age didn’t keep Iacocca in good standing with Hank the Deuce. “It’s personal, and I can’t tell you any more. It’s just one of those things,” the grandson of the company’s founder told Iacocca when firing him, according to “Iacocca: An Autobiography.” When Iacocca pressed, Hank the Deuce replied: “Well, sometimes you just don’t like somebody.” Alan Mulally, CEO of Ford, arrives on set of Good Morning America to reveal the new 2015 Ford Mustang on December 5, 2013 in New York City. The 2015 model marks the 50th anniversary of the Ford Mustang line.  (Photo: Andrew Burton / Getty Images) Phil Caldwell, a loyal lieutenant of Hank the Deuce, took over the presidency from Iacocca. In 1981, he became the first company CEO whose last name was not Ford. In the four years before his retirement, Caldwell led the company through some of its most difficult years, including competition from Japanese carmakers. Bill Ford Jr. and his cousin Edsel Ford II worked their ways into the company’s highest ranks in the late ’80s and early ’90s. Donald Petersen, Ford’s CEO from 1985-89, was known to quote Edsel Ford in saying there were no crown princes at the Blue Oval. “I’m not a caretaker for anybody,” Petersen told Fortune magazine in 1989. “I admire the fact that (Edsel and Bill) are trying very hard to go as far as they can. But being a Ford does not give them a leg up. The principle we must operate on is that selection to top management is based solely on merit.” Amid disagreements with the board and the Ford family, Petersen was forced out. Then as now, the company’s leadership cannot be separated from the family. Bill Ford Jr. told The New York Times in 1993, “When people joined this company, they knew we held this unique position. So if it makes other people uncomfortable, I guess I’m sorry. But it’s a fact of life they’re going to have to live with.” Harold “Red” Poling, who followed Petersen as CEO from 1990 to 1992, appeared to have few disputes with the family and retired from the company at age 68. But when Bill Ford Jr. became chairman in 1998 — a position that was held by then-CEO and President Alex Trotman — Trotman spat, “So now you have your monarchy back, Prince William,” Fortune reported in 2000. The family oversight has often proved beneficial, according to Hoffman. He said they were instrumental in pushing out CEO Jac Nasser in 2001 after less than two years on the job amid conflicts with dealers and employees – and the Firestone rollover crisis. That crisis linked faulty tires used on the Ford Explorer and other vehicles to 200 deaths and 800 injuries, leading to a recall and replacement of 20 million tires. President and Chief Executve Officer of Ford Motor Company Jacques Nasser, left, and Chief Executive Officer of Bridgestone/Firestone Inc. John Lampe, right, listen to remarks during a congressional subcommittee hearing on Comerce, Trade, and Consumer Protection concerning oversights and investigations, June 19, 2001 in Washington, DC. The committee is investigating Ford Motor Company''s recall of 13 million more Firestone Tires.  (Photo: Mark Wilson / Getty Images) Bill Ford Jr. replaced Nasser as CEO, the first Ford family member in more than two decades to run the company. He recruited Alan Mulally from Boeing Co. in 2006 to lead a sweeping industrial restructuring as the automaker slipped into crisis and then the Great Recession, which pushed two Detroit rivals into bankruptcy. Mulally was credited with changing the culture at Ford by fostering teamwork under his “One Ford” mantra. During his tenure, Mulally cut six of Ford’s eight brands and mortgaged the company’s assets — including the Blue Ovals on the sides of World Headquarters — to carry it through the Great Recession. Mulally was well-regarded within the company. In 2014, Mulally left the company on his own terms. And with board approval, he backed Fields to succeed him. Feeling the pressure Shares fell 40 percent under Fields, vehicle quality slipped and strategic decisions were delayed or slow to come to market. The company was void of short-term achievements despite long-term aspirations, analysts say, and Fields engaged in rhetorical battles with President Donald Trump. This pressured the board and frustrated shareholders, despite record sales and profits. Fields’ pay packages, determined solely by a compensation committee of outside directors, signaled more dissatisfaction with his leadership. Last year, Ford’s top five executives missed out on hundreds of thousands in bonus pay because the company failed to meet quality standards. While Fields still made a $2.7 million incentive bonus for meeting company goals last year, he missed out on additional bonuses as CEO that were awarded to other executives to “recognize and reward exceptional performance.” During his time as CEO he was never awarded one of those incremental bonuses, according to Ford proxy statements. “We’re as frustrated as you are by the stock price,” Bill Ford Jr. said during the company’s annual shareholders meeting May 11. “Most of (the Ford family’s) net worth is tied up in the company, and stock price matters a lot to us.” Cole said the lagging stock price amplified other troubling factors under Fields. “They want (their shares) to be profitable,” he said. “Unless the world thinks Ford is a good investment, it’s not good for the family. In (Fields’) case, both the family and the external shareholders (were asking) what’s wrong with this picture.” The re-emerging “Old Ford” culture of hierarchy – and a lack of clarity about where the company was going – caused concern in the company, according to comments Bill Ford Jr. made after Fields’ departure. The board feared the company would fail to compete in an industry headed toward automation and areas like ride-sharing. Ford Motor Co. CEO and president Alan Mulally, left, executive chairman Bill Ford and president of the Americas Mark Fields pose together at the North American International Auto Show on Sunday, Jan. 11, 2009 in Detroit.  (Photo: Carlos Osorio / Associated Press) “There was a lot of talk from Mark and not a lot of action,” said Hoffman. He said Fields failed to follow “this amazing management system” Mulally left, which is part of the reason he didn’t last. Bill Ford Jr. said as much in an interview with The Detroit News last week: “I didn’t feel the ‘Old Ford’ so much as I felt the stress. When Alan was here, he engendered such a sense of can-do and optimism. And maybe we lost a little of that.” The key for Hackett will be delivering quick results, according to Hoffman and Cole. “Hackett got on the radar screen (and) obviously, Bill was very enamored with his performance,” said Cole, adding that the 62-year-old CEO will have to implement a culture of change in a short amount of time. The company, he said, “can’t go back.” ithibodeau@detroitnews.com Twitter: @Ian_Thibodeau 65 CONNECTTWEET 18 LINKEDIN 24 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2sfsgRZ TOP VIDEOS Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Raw video: Taking a hot lap on Belle Isle 3:58 Little Caesars world headquarters hosts 'topping out' ceremony 1:33 Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51 Mayor Mike Duggan on the new Flex-N-Gate facility 0:47
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# 3 years of Modi govt Manchester terror attack Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News India News CBI files FIR in aircraft deal, ex-aviation minister defends Praful Patel Shares182 Sanjay Jog | Tue, 30 May 2017-07:20am , New Delhi , DNA Former civil aviation minister Praful Patel said the UPA government had adhered to all the processes for the purchase of the 111 aircraft for national carriers that cost Air India about Rs 70,000 crore. He also said the purchase decision was cleared by the former finance minister P Chidambaram-led Empowered Group of Ministers. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has registered three separate cases in connection with the alleged irregularities in the purchase or hiring of the aircraft during the tenure of Patel. The move by CBI is crucial as it has already initiated a preliminary inquiry into all these aspects after the Supreme Court's direction in November 2013. Patel said when the UPA government came to power, Air India was struggling with its old fleet. In 2003, the Vajpayee government decided to disinvest in Air India, and therefore no new acquisition was considered. "In 2004, the UPA government decided to continue AI as a public sector undertaking (PSU). At the time, I informed the prime minister (Manmohan Singh) that it was difficult to turn around AI with its current fleet and precarious financial condition. The government decided there was need to continue AI operations but to induct new planes as the international and domestic competition was taking away customers," Patel said. Accordingly, the AI board decided on a comprehensive long-term strategy to induct new planes and phase out the aging ones. Indian Airlines decided to purchase 43 Airbus 320s family aircraft and AI decided to induct the long -haul Boeing 777 and the new generation 787 Dream Liner. The AI board issued a tender, while IA had had already completed the tendering process during the previous government. "I wrote to the PM informing him that since this was a large purchase, we should have an oversight committee to oversee the entire process. The PM appointed CG Somiah, a former CAG and CVC, to overlook the entire process,'' Patel said. Later, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) constituted the Chidambaram-led EGoM to discuss with manufacturers and negotiate the best possible price. "The EGoM finalised all transactions and orders with Boeing and Air Bus, respectively. The decision by EGoM was ratified by the PM and the Cabinet," he noted. Patel reiterated that the entire process was done through bidding, and even before going to the Cabinet for ratification, his ministry wrote to the then CAG and CVC to examine all documents. However, he said they declined to do so saying that it was not required at that stage. Further, even in the context of the number of aircraft, it is important to mention that even though the order was finalised in December 2005, all the aircraft have not been delivered as on the date, Patel said. "Twenty three aircraft have been delivered in the last three years. If there was something wrong, it should have been addressed accordingly," Patel said. He said the finance ministry had given a sovereign guarantee to cover the purchase in view of AI's precarious financial position. Sanjay Jog TOP TOP < MLAs attend workshop held on GST   Comments   Also Read India After Kerala, Karnataka, now Tripura government opposes cattle slaughter ban India CBSE 10th Result 2017 (cbseresults.nic.in): CBSE 2017 X Result, cbse.nic.in likely to be out soon India CHSE 12th Results 2017, Odisha XII Result 2017 for Arts and Commerce to be declared shortly today, May 31 on orissaresults.nic.in and chseodisha.nic.in India SEBA Assam HSLC (Class 10) Results 2017 at 10 am on May 31 declared India SEBA ASSAM HSLC (Class 10) Results 2017 to be declared shortly India orissaresults.nic.in, chseodisha.nic.in: CHSE Odisha 12th Exam arts and commerce Results 2017 to be declared today, May 31 at 11 AM Next Article > Smallcaps and midcaps may take centrestage: Pradeep Gupta < Previous ArticleNext Article > MLAs attend workshop held on GST Next node Smallcaps and midcaps may take centrestage: Pradeep Gupta Related AI-IA merger, purchase of 111 aircraft collective decision of UPA government: Praful Patel Praful Patel in the spotlight with new pictorial biography Narendra Modi-Opposition face off in Parliament on OBC Commission Bill Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags Praful Patel Central Bureau of Investigation Air India Boeing Central Bureau Manmohan Singh UPA Government aircraft P Chidambaram CBI CG Somiah CAG cabinet committee on economic affairs (CCEA) SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Political activist held for 'riling' Pak Army on social media Russian warplanes hit ISIS targets in Syria Reports Baloch protests held in various German cities over use of nuke weapons by Pak Daughter of ousted S.Korean leader's friend "unaware" of Samsung sponsorship details WRAPUP 2-Nowhere to go for Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh after cyclone wrecks camps Sport India, Australia favourites at CT despite off-field worries Soccer-Kruse lucky to be in squad, says Australia coach Postecoglou Tennis-Murray condemns Court comments, warns against Melbourne chaos Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, May 31 Soccer-Kashima axe coach Ishii after AFC Champions League exit Entertainment WATCH: 'Vitctoria and Abdul' trailer explores the INEXPLICABLE friendship between Judi Dench and Ali Fazal Dench sad she couldn't come to India, might visit later: Ali PeeCee slams critics of dress she wore to meet PM Modi Vanessa Hudgens Joins 'So You Think You Can Dance' as judge 'Victoria and Abdul' FIRST LOOK: Ali Fazal makes an IMPRESSIVE international debut opposite Judi Dench Money Adani and Queensland Govt. reach deal over royalties for Carmichael coal mine Jet Airways flies low, slips nearly 5 pct post Q4 results UK's IG sees FY pretax profit "modestly" ahead of last year Aurobindo receives USFDA approval to manufacture ADHD drug Nickel futures melt 2.42 pc on muted demand, profit-booking Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# 3 years of Modi govt Manchester terror attack Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News India News CBI files FIR in aircraft deal, ex-aviation minister defends Praful Patel Shares182 Sanjay Jog | Tue, 30 May 2017-07:20am , New Delhi , DNA Former civil aviation minister Praful Patel said the UPA government had adhered to all the processes for the purchase of the 111 aircraft for national carriers that cost Air India about Rs 70,000 crore. He also said the purchase decision was cleared by the former finance minister P Chidambaram-led Empowered Group of Ministers. The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has registered three separate cases in connection with the alleged irregularities in the purchase or hiring of the aircraft during the tenure of Patel. The move by CBI is crucial as it has already initiated a preliminary inquiry into all these aspects after the Supreme Court's direction in November 2013. Patel said when the UPA government came to power, Air India was struggling with its old fleet. In 2003, the Vajpayee government decided to disinvest in Air India, and therefore no new acquisition was considered. "In 2004, the UPA government decided to continue AI as a public sector undertaking (PSU). At the time, I informed the prime minister (Manmohan Singh) that it was difficult to turn around AI with its current fleet and precarious financial condition. The government decided there was need to continue AI operations but to induct new planes as the international and domestic competition was taking away customers," Patel said. Accordingly, the AI board decided on a comprehensive long-term strategy to induct new planes and phase out the aging ones. Indian Airlines decided to purchase 43 Airbus 320s family aircraft and AI decided to induct the long -haul Boeing 777 and the new generation 787 Dream Liner. The AI board issued a tender, while IA had had already completed the tendering process during the previous government. "I wrote to the PM informing him that since this was a large purchase, we should have an oversight committee to oversee the entire process. The PM appointed CG Somiah, a former CAG and CVC, to overlook the entire process,'' Patel said. Later, the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) constituted the Chidambaram-led EGoM to discuss with manufacturers and negotiate the best possible price. "The EGoM finalised all transactions and orders with Boeing and Air Bus, respectively. The decision by EGoM was ratified by the PM and the Cabinet," he noted. Patel reiterated that the entire process was done through bidding, and even before going to the Cabinet for ratification, his ministry wrote to the then CAG and CVC to examine all documents. However, he said they declined to do so saying that it was not required at that stage. Further, even in the context of the number of aircraft, it is important to mention that even though the order was finalised in December 2005, all the aircraft have not been delivered as on the date, Patel said. "Twenty three aircraft have been delivered in the last three years. If there was something wrong, it should have been addressed accordingly," Patel said. He said the finance ministry had given a sovereign guarantee to cover the purchase in view of AI's precarious financial position. Sanjay Jog TOP TOP < MLAs attend workshop held on GST   Comments   Also Read India After Kerala, Karnataka, now Tripura government opposes cattle slaughter ban India CBSE 10th Result 2017 (cbseresults.nic.in): CBSE 2017 X Result, cbse.nic.in likely to be out soon India CHSE 12th Results 2017, Odisha XII Result 2017 for Arts and Commerce to be declared shortly today, May 31 on orissaresults.nic.in and chseodisha.nic.in India SEBA Assam HSLC (Class 10) Results 2017 at 10 am on May 31 declared India SEBA ASSAM HSLC (Class 10) Results 2017 to be declared shortly India orissaresults.nic.in, chseodisha.nic.in: CHSE Odisha 12th Exam arts and commerce Results 2017 to be declared today, May 31 at 11 AM Next Article > Smallcaps and midcaps may take centrestage: Pradeep Gupta < Previous ArticleNext Article > MLAs attend workshop held on GST Next node Smallcaps and midcaps may take centrestage: Pradeep Gupta Related AI-IA merger, purchase of 111 aircraft collective decision of UPA government: Praful Patel Praful Patel in the spotlight with new pictorial biography Narendra Modi-Opposition face off in Parliament on OBC Commission Bill Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags Praful Patel Central Bureau of Investigation Air India Boeing Central Bureau Manmohan Singh UPA Government aircraft P Chidambaram CBI CG Somiah CAG cabinet committee on economic affairs (CCEA) SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Political activist held for 'riling' Pak Army on social media Russian warplanes hit ISIS targets in Syria Reports Baloch protests held in various German cities over use of nuke weapons by Pak Daughter of ousted S.Korean leader's friend "unaware" of Samsung sponsorship details WRAPUP 2-Nowhere to go for Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh after cyclone wrecks camps Sport India, Australia favourites at CT despite off-field worries Soccer-Kruse lucky to be in squad, says Australia coach Postecoglou Tennis-Murray condemns Court comments, warns against Melbourne chaos Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, May 31 Soccer-Kashima axe coach Ishii after AFC Champions League exit Entertainment WATCH: 'Vitctoria and Abdul' trailer explores the INEXPLICABLE friendship between Judi Dench and Ali Fazal Dench sad she couldn't come to India, might visit later: Ali PeeCee slams critics of dress she wore to meet PM Modi Vanessa Hudgens Joins 'So You Think You Can Dance' as judge 'Victoria and Abdul' FIRST LOOK: Ali Fazal makes an IMPRESSIVE international debut opposite Judi Dench Money Adani and Queensland Govt. reach deal over royalties for Carmichael coal mine Jet Airways flies low, slips nearly 5 pct post Q4 results UK's IG sees FY pretax profit "modestly" ahead of last year Aurobindo receives USFDA approval to manufacture ADHD drug Nickel futures melt 2.42 pc on muted demand, profit-booking Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
New Atlas Lifestyle Science Technology Transport Search Subscribe Military US Missile Defense Agency intercepts first "hostile" ICBM target David Szondy May 30, 2017 The interceptor was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base (Credit: Missile Defense Agency) View gallery - 2 images The US Defense Department announced today that its Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) system intercepted an ICBM "threat representative" dummy warhead for the first time. The interceptor missile launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California destroyed the target using an Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle (EKV) somewhere over the Pacific Ocean in a demonstration of the system's capability to detect, engage, and destroy targets while still in space. According to the Missile Defence Agency (MDA), this is the first intercept test of the GMD in three years and the first live-fire test event against an ICBM-class target for the system. The test, designated Flight Test Ground-Based Interceptor-15, was a joint operation by the US Air Force 30th Space Wing, the Joint Functional Component Command for Integrated Missile Defense, and US Northern Command. NEW ATLAS NEEDS YOUR SUPPORT Upgrade to a Plus subscription today, and read the site without ads. It's just US$19 a year.UPGRADE NOW During the test, an ICBM was launched from the Reagan Test Site on Kwajalein Atoll in the Republic of the Marshall Islands. The target was tracked by a Sea-Based X-band radar in the Pacific Ocean and multiple sensors related target acquisition and tracking data to the Command, Control, Battle Management and Communication (BMC3) system, which calculated the fire control solution to intercept the target. The final intercept was carried out by the Raytheon EKV using an advanced, multi-color sensor to detect the target while its propulsion, communications link, discrimination algorithms, guidance and control system, and computers made the final course corrections for impact. Traveling at hypersonic speed, the EKV used its own kinetic energy rather than explosives to carry out the destruction. Today's test used a Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle (Credit: Raytheon) The MDA says that all indications are that the exercise was successful, but a final determination will require analysis of telemetry data. The results will be used to determine the overall success of the GMD system and the US missile defenses in general. The US$40 billion GMD is a key part of the US strategic defense system and includes 32 silo-based missiles at Fort Greely, Alaska and four at Vandenberg, though the Defense Department hopes to expand this to a total of 44 missiles. Its prime contractor is Boeing, with boosters built by Orbital sciences, radar and kill vehicles by Raytheon, and BMC3 by Northrop Grumman. Today's test is the first to use a dummy warhead launched by an ICBM in a realistic threat scenario. Previous launches were from Kodiak, Alaska. These used smaller boosters and were under more controlled conditions, including feeding trajectory data directly to the interceptor. So far, there have been 10 out of 18 successful intercept tests since 2002. "The intercept of a complex, threat-representative ICBM target is an incredible accomplishment for the GMD system and a critical milestone for this program," says MDA Director Navy Vice Adm. Jim Syring. "This system is vitally important to the defense of our homeland, and this test demonstrates that we have a capable, credible deterrent against a very real threat. I am incredibly proud of the warfighters who executed this test and who operate this system every day." Today's test is of particular importance because it comes in the shadow of increased tensions between the US and North Korea, which has been firing ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. GMD's current deployment is expressly to defend the US West Coast against North Korean missile attacks as well as rogue missile launches by other powers. Source: DoD View gallery - 2 images US Missile Defense Agency intercepts first "hostile" ICBM target 1 / 2 The interceptor was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base (Credit: Missile Defense Agency) Today's test used an Exoatmospheric Kill Vehicle (Credit: Raytheon) Tags #Boeing #Department of Defense #Missile Defense #Northrop Grumman #Raytheon Share this article Post a comment   Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Your Email Top stories Urban heat islands could gain serious sizzle by 2100 Hyundai Elantra SR Turbo: Not too hot, not too cold CRISPR gene-editing tool causes unintended genetic mutations The 25 most valuable (or interesting) cars at Villa Erba Auctions Sponsored Content Recommended for you Sponsored Content Latest in Military US Missile Defense Agency intercepts first "hostile" ICBM target US Army's TAR head up display to give soldiers a tactical edge Testing begins on budget JDAM guided-bombs with the MQ-9 Reaper UAV Latest steel-punching, hypersonic railgun projectiles test-fired Driving tanks and crushing cars in the woods of Minnesota US Navy tests new steam suit to tackle submarine disasters Unmanned F-16 demos combat mission capabilities alongside manned aircraft Supercarrier USS Gerald R Ford starts sea trials Sea monsters: Is this the new age of the aircraft carrier? Team Wendy to target blast waves and rotational injuries in next-gen military helmets Unmanned Knifefish mine-hunter put to the test US Army arms combat vehicle with laser weapon to take on drones Editors Choice In photos: Big rigs, 4x4 retromods and other earth-eaters of Overland Expo 2017 Compare the latest tech gear World's most beautiful car up for sale The revolutionary redox system that produces and stores energy in the home Rise of the mind-reading machines Masterclass: 25 legendary cars that prove beauty is more than skin deep 2017 Smartwatch Comparison Guide Fast Radio Bursts: How close are we to decoding these strange space signals? Driving tanks and crushing cars in the woods of Minnesota The top 100 most expensive cars of all time Galaxy S8+ review: Samsung catches fire (this time, in a good way) The truth about Satan: Nuclear war in the 21st century Over 280,000 people receive our email newsletter See the stories that matter in your inbox every morning Email address Top Home About Contact Privacy Terms & Conditions Advertise Copyright © Gizmag Pty Ltd 2017 Twitter Facebook RSS Flipboard Gizmag is now New Atlas
Search Newsletters Crossword Notices My Account Subscribe Sign In The Irish Times Wed, May 31, 2017 The Irish Times News Sport Business Opinion Life & Style Culture More Video Podcasts Executive Jobs Search Subscribe My Account Sign In Companies Transport & Tourism Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services All Business The Economy Budget 2017 Small Business Your Money Personal Finance Exchange Rates Markets Funds Tracker Companies Financial Services Agribusiness & Food Energy & Resources Health & Pharma Manufacturing Media & Marketing Retail & Services Transport & Tourism Technology How to ... Data Privacy Tech Tools Work Businessperson Awards Commercial Property Construction Comment Columnists Innovation Specials Panama Papers Entrepreneur of the Year AIB Start-up Academy Podcasts Business Podcast Partner Sites Top1000 By using this website, you consent to our use of cookies. For more information on cookies see our Cookie Policy. X Ryanair lowers fares and market guidance for next year’s profits Irish airline plans to cut fares to around €38 per passenger to fill new 47 aircraft about 2 hours ago Barry O'Halloran Michael O’Leary, chief executive officer of Ryanair Holdings Plc, speaks during a Bloomberg Television interview in New York about its full year results. Photographer: Christopher Goodney/Bloomberg         Ryanair passengers are likely to pay an average of around €38 for their flights in coming months as the airline cuts fares in order to ensure that its aircraft stay full. Between now and March 31st 2018, the end of its current financial year, the Irish carrier will grow its fleet to 427 craft from 380. To fill those planes, Ryanair believes that it will have to cut fares by between 5 per cent and 7 per cent. On the basis that it charged an average of €41 a-seat in its 2017 financial year, that indicates that customers will be paying an average of between €38.20 and €38.50. Chief executive Michael O’Leary said on Tuesday that Ryanair expected to carry 130 million passengers and grow profits by 8 per cent to between €1.4 billion and €1.45 billion over the 12 months to March 31st 2018. He cautioned that this was subject to a series of risks, such as terror attacks in European cities and airports, negative developments tied to Brexit and the fact that Ryanair has “zero” view of bookings for the autumn and winter months. Softer prices Seat sales for the first half, which ends on September 30th, are up 1 per cent on this time last year, albeit at “softer” prices. O’Leary said that there was limited visibility on peak summer “close-in bookings” – passengers buying tickets within short periods of their flights. Ryanair offers to take over Alitalia’s short-haul business Michael O’Leary favours Varadkar in leadership race Ryanair shares hit all-time high Analysts noted the guidance was at the lower end of what they expected. Stockbroker Investec had thought that Ryanair would pitch 2018 profits at close to €1.49 billion, while the consensus was €1.455 billion. Ryanair’s guidance implies that its profitability will not fall far behind 2017, when it earned around €10.80 profit per passenger. In 2018, this will dip closer to €10.75, which is still a good return from an average fare of not much more than €38. The airline says various operational savings would give it the scope to cut fares. Chief among these will be fuel, which will be €70 million cheaper than in 2017 as most of it is already hedged. The company expects to reduce other costs by 1 per cent. “All of those savings will be pushed back to passengers,” its chief commercial officer, David O’Brien said. Following the Brexit vote, Ryanair pledged to “pivot” growth away from the UK, where it flies between 30 million and 40 million passengers each year. O’Brien says it will still expand to some degree there, but not at the same rate as previously. Extend leases Other areas that are likely to deliver a share of the 10 million extra customers that it hopes to attract are Spain, Poland, Germany and Italy, markets where it has either added or expanded bases in recent years. At the same time, it is hoping to cash in opportunities presented as legacy carriers cut back capacity. O’Leary confirmed that it is in talks with Boeing to buy small numbers of extra craft and will extend leases on 10 planes so it will have the scope to do this. O’Brien says that it may order new craft in “twos and threes” as they become available from Boeing. “When you consider that we will have 427 craft at the year end, in percentage terms it’s not huge,” he added. It also plans to buy back €600 million shares between this week and October. Once this is complete, Ryanair will have returned €5.4 billion to investors since 2008, either through similar exercises or special dividends. Analysts point out O’Leary has indicated several times that once the price-earnings yield – the ratio of earnings per share to the share price – goes above 15 times, the company is likely to opt for a special dividend rather than a buyback.       Topics: David O Brien Michael O Leary Boeing Investec Ryanair Seat Germany Italy Poland Spain United Kingdom  Subscribe.   More from The Irish Times Markets Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament Work Lucy Kellaway: The tables will turn against Ikea Rugby Gordon D'Arcy: Lions have no issue about showing their hand too early Ireland Cycle series: A pleasant trip back in time Sponsored The Story of Home: a potter’s life Life through a lens: Samsung S8 brings photography to next level The Story of Home: A Kerry mountain retreat Truth serum: how serums won a place in our beauty regimes Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE GO BACK The account details entered are not currently associated with an Irish Times subscription. Please subscribe to sign in to comment. Comment Sign In I agree to the Terms & Conditions, community standards and Privacy Policy SIGN IN Forgot password? Thank you You should receive instructions for resetting your password. When you have reset your password, you can Sign In. Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Screen Name Selection Hello Please choose a screen name. This name will appear beside any comments you post. Your screen name should follow the standards set out in our community standards. Only letters, numbers, periods and hyphens are allowed in screen names. CONFIRM Commenting on The Irish Times has changed. To comment you must now be an Irish Times subscriber. SUBSCRIBE Forgot Password Please enter your email address so we can send you a link to reset your password. SUBMIT Sign In Your Comments Sign In Sign Out We reserve the right to remove any content at any time from this Community, including without limitation if it violates the Community Standards. We ask that you report content that you in good faith believe violates the above rules by clicking the Flag link next to the offending comment or by filling out this form. New comments are only accepted for 3 days from the date of publication. Latest Business This rustbucket is being turned into a hotel on Dublin's Liffey 07:50 First-time buyer mortgage approvals up 19% 07:49 Successful Jacobs Inn Hostel in surprise sale guiding €13.5m 07:48 German retail sales unexpectedly drop in April 07:34 Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament 06:53 Most Read in Business 1 This rustbucket is being turned into a hotel on Dublin's Liffey 2 Noonan triggers AIB share sale that could raise €3bn for State 3 Cliff Taylor: AIB IPO must go ahead regardless of cash usage 4 British Airways adopts brace position over IT failures 5 Sterling drops on poll showing risk of hung UK parliament 6 Ryanair lowers fares and market guidance for next year’s profits 7 Successful Jacobs Inn Hostel in surprise sale guiding €13.5m 8 Bord na Móna chief Mike Quinn in running for Ervia role 9 Ireland’s largest private landlord ‘tired of being called a vulture fund’ 10 First-time buyer mortgage approvals up 19% Never miss a story. SUBSCRIBE News - direct to your inbox Which Daily Digest would you like? Morning Lunchtime Both Google ID Name Surname Email Sign Up Subscribe About Us Policy & Terms Subscribe Subscription Bundles Gift Subscriptions Home Delivery Irish Times Products & Services ePaper eBooks Crosswords Newspaper Archive Email Alerts & Newsletters Article Archive Executive Jobs Page Sales Photo Sales About Us Advertise Contact Us The Irish Times Trust Careers Our Partners Rewarding Times MyHome.ie Irish Racing Entertainment.ie Top 1000 MyAntiques.ie The Gloss Irish Times Training Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Information Community Standards Copyright FAQs © 2015 THE IRISH TIMES For the best site experience please enable JavaScript in your browser settings Sign In Sign In Forgot Password? Don't have an account? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles The ePaper Subscriber Rewards Subscriber Tour Breaking news app IT Sunday My Account eBooks Email Newsletters Crossword Club Newspaper Archive Sign Out SUBSCRIBE Wed 31/5/2017 News Ireland World Politics Crime & Law Social Affairs Health Education Brexit Sport Rugby Soccer Gaelic Games Golf Racing Other Sports Women in Sport Comment Business The Economy Your Money Companies Technology Work Commercial Property Comment Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists An Irishman's Diary Opinion & Analysis Martyn Turner Life & Style Food & Drink Homes & Property Health & Family People Travel Motors Fashion Abroad Culture Books Film Music Stage Art & Design TV, Radio, Web Treibh More You are what you read eBooks Offers Jobs Family Notices Competitions Video Podcasts Inside Politics World View Second Captains Business Róisín Meets Off Topic The Women's Podcast Executive Jobs Crosswords Newsletters Notices Forgot Password? Sign In Invalid email or password. Not an Irish Times subscriber? Subscribe Subscriber Only Articles Specially selected and available only to our subscribers Subscriber Rewards Exclusive offers, discounts and invitations Subscriber Tour Explore the features of your subscription Crossword Club Digital Simplex and Crosaire crosswords Newspaper Archive 150 years of Irish Times journalism My Account Manage your account IT Sunday Your weekly email exclusively curated for subscribers eBooks Carefully curated selections of Irish Times writing Email Newsletters Sign up to get the stories you want delivered to your inbox The ePaper An exact digital replica of the printed paper Breaking news app Our Apple and Android apps to read on the go Sign Out
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Satellite Manufacturing Market: Professional Market Research Report and Forecasts, 2017 – 2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/30/2017 — Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Overview Currently the implementation of the satellite technology is significantly high in developed regions as they exhibit high demand for digital content. However in the course of the coming years, the market in developed regions will witness stagnation thus compelling market players to shift focus towards emerging nations. The report presents insights into the various factors chalking success for enterprises operating in the global satellite manufacturing market. Besides this, it also lists the various restraints that will pose challenge to the market players. Compiled with the intent of helping readers gain a holistic perspective about the market, the report includes exhaustive information obtained via trusted and industry-leading research methodologies. Request Sample Copy of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=365 Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Trends and Opportunities Several factors are aiding the expansion of the global satellite manufacturing market, the primary driver being the rising demand and application of commercial satellites. The increasing penetration worldwide, coupled with the exceptionally rising number of wireless connectivity uses and users, is further supporting growth of the global satellite manufacturing market. Other major driver of the market is the rising demand from defense sector. Despite witnessing exponential growth, the global satellite manufacturing market is mired by several challenges. For instance, leading market players are struggling with the decreasing government investment. The economic slowdown witnessed across major economies around the world also had an adverse impact on the market. Another big challenge that is inevitable to create bottleneck is the need to impose space debris as per regulations. Request TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=365 Nevertheless, experts foretell that the global satellite manufacturing market is likely to witness robust growth in the forthcoming years. For instance, the increasing demand for high power and HTS due to the expanding internet connectivity will create significant opportunities for the market’s growth. Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Regional Outlook Among the regions exhibiting the most lucrative opportunities, the Americas will enjoy dominance in the market as per recent researches. As major markets such as Canada, Brazil, Mexico, and the U.S. are domiciled in the region, which also boasts sophisticated infrastructure and high participation in space programs, the leading companies will focus more on capitalizing on opportunities existing therein. In addition, SpaceX and National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA), which hold credit of major innovations in the satellite manufacturing market are located in the U.S. This explains the dominance of the Americas in the global market. However, in the forthcoming years, the market is also expected to witness rising opportunities in Europe and across the emerging economies of Asia Pacific. Read Comprehensive Overview of Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/satellite-manufacturing-market Global Satellite Manufacturing Market: Vendor Landscape The global satellite manufacturing market has significantly benefited from business strategies adopted by the leading companies such as APCO Technologies SA., Boeing, Lockheed Martin Corp., Indian Space Research Organization, Orbital Sciences Corp., and Thales Group. In order to gauge the competition prevailing in the global satellite manufacturing market, the report therefore profiles some of the leading companies operating therein. In this section, it covers information pertaining to the company’s financial report, product portfolio, recent mergers and acquisitions, and business strategies that prove to be most successful. SWOT analysis is also conducted on the companies profiled to study their strengths and weaknesses. The analysis also helps in the determination of potential threats and opportunities that these companies are likely to witness over the course report’s forecast period. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in today’s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clients’ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth research of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Watts McCray Specialist Family Lawyers Unveils Brand New Website Next PostNext Global Biodegradable Paper and Plastics Packaging Market to Increase Rapidly by 2016-2024 Search Recent Posts Smart City Asia Pacific Awards 2017 Opens Public Voting for the Best Smart City Projects in Asia Pacific Annual list of potential timber harvest sites available for review Heavy Particles Get Caught Up in the Flow One Liberty Properties Increases Industrial Property Ownership With An $8.7 Million Acquisition Global in-Mold Labels Market to Experience Hike in Growth by 2024 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Politics World Culture Arts & Letters Archive Subscribe Donate Blogs State of the Union Rod Dreher Daniel Larison Daniel McCarthy Noah Millman Prufrock Jonathan Coppage Gracy Olmstead New Urbs BLOGS POLITICS WORLD CULTURE REPOSITORY NEW URBANISM ABOUT DONATE The Problem With Taking Sides in Syria John Paton Davies, Foreign-Policy Prophet Submit the Paris Treaty to the Senate How the Kushner Story Hurts U.S. Intelligence Montana Race Shows Libertarians Can’t Be Ignored Gianforte Body Slammed A Reporter. He Won Anyways. Congressman Kinzinger’s American Mission Review of ‘David Jones: Engraver, Soldier, Painter, Poet’ The University of Maryland’s Inappropriate Commencement Address on China The Beltway Foreign-Policy ‘Blob’ Strikes Back Daniel Larison Follow @DanielLarison Trump’s Foreign Policy Has Nothing to Do With ‘America First’ By Daniel Larison • May 30, 2017, 11:02 PM Tweet H.R. McMaster and Gary Cohn gamely try to spin Trump’s foreign trip as something other than the failure that it clearly was: President Trump just returned from nine days in the Middle East and Europe that demonstrated his America First approach to ensuring security and prosperity for our nation. America will not lead from behind. This administration will restore confidence in American leadership as we serve the American people. It is a given that a president’s top advisers will do their best to put a favorably spin on his actions as much as they can, but this is exceptionally thin gruel. No one outside the administration believes that Trump “restored confidence” in American leadership on this trip or that he is likely to do so in the future. The only relationship that Trump “deepened” during his time overseas was with the Saudis, and this is the one relationship from which the U.S. should trying to extricate itself as quickly as possible. McMaster and Cohn obediently claim that “President Trump helped facilitate $110 billion in defense investments that will strengthen regional and American security and create American jobs,” but there are good reasons to doubt all of this. Selling the Saudis more weapons just encourages them to continue brutalizing and starving their Yemeni neighbors, which definitely doesn’t serve American security interests and likely makes Saudi Arabia less secure in the future as well. It definitely contributes to regional instability, strengthens Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), and likely helps worsen the world’s humanitarian crisis. As for creating jobs here in the U.S., the picture is not nearly as clear-cut as the administration would like you to believe. It is entirely possible that the latest arms deal with the Saudis won’t produce any new jobs at all. Justin Glawe looked into this question last week, and this is what he found: Is there any way for Raytheon to estimate how many jobs the deal will create? “No,” said the spokesman, Mike Doble. Lockheed Martin’s chief executive said in a statement that the deal would “support” thousands of jobs in the United States and Saudi Arabia. Boeing said the deal would “create or sustain” jobs in both countries. Neither company would put a specific number on new jobs being created in the United States. Whatever limited benefit a few companies might derive from this deal, it implicates the U.S. in war crimes and sinks us deeper into the mire of an atrocious war that our government should never have supported. McMaster and Cohn don’t mention any of this, but then there is no way that they could put a positive spin on our ongoing enabling of the destruction of an entire country. Our policy of supporting the Saudi-led war on Yemen is indefensible, and no U.S. officials dare attempt to defend it. The truth is that the U.S. under Trump has shamelessly embraced our worst clients, irritated our closest allies, and done nothing that actually advances U.S. interests at all. That has nothing to do with putting America first, and it has everything to do with prioritizing the interests of the governments that do the most to flatter the president’s ego. Posted in foreign policy, politics. Tagged Yemen, Saudi Arabia, Donald Trump, H.R. McMaster, Gary Cohn, Justin Glawe. MORE FROM THIS AUTHOR Corker’s Case Against the Nuclear Deal Makes No Sense Why Pretend That There Hasn’t Been a Coup in Egypt? Hide 2 comments 2 Responses to Trump’s Foreign Policy Has Nothing to Do With ‘America First’ Adriana I Pena says: May 30, 2017 at 11:40 pm So, supporting the Saudis will mean jobs for Americans. Why don’t drug lords announce that they are providing employment to drug dealers who might be on welfare otherwise? a spencer says: May 31, 2017 at 12:31 am >> It is entirely possible that the latest arms deal with the Saudis won’t produce any new jobs at all. Unless you’re an American willing to work in Saudi Arabia. From what I heard, its not so bad living for the paycheck in an enclave of Starbucks, McDonalds and TGIFridays, but your work visa doesn’t include travel outside the enclave unless you’re going to the derricks. Someone will correct me if I’m wrong. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   The Problem With Taking Sides in Syria John Paton Davies, Foreign-Policy Prophet Submit the Paris Treaty to the Senate How the Kushner Story Hurts U.S. Intelligence Montana Race Shows Libertarians Can’t Be Ignored Gianforte Body Slammed A Reporter. He Won Anyways. Congressman Kinzinger’s American Mission Review of ‘David Jones: Engraver, Soldier, Painter, Poet’ The University of Maryland’s Inappropriate Commencement Address on China The Beltway Foreign-Policy ‘Blob’ Strikes Back The Problem With Taking Sides in Syria John Paton Davies, Foreign-Policy Prophet Submit the Paris Treaty to the Senate How the Kushner Story Hurts U.S. Intelligence Montana Race Shows Libertarians Can’t Be Ignored Gianforte Body Slammed A Reporter. He Won Anyways. Congressman Kinzinger’s American Mission Review of ‘David Jones: Engraver, Soldier, Painter, Poet’ The University of Maryland’s Inappropriate Commencement Address on China The Beltway Foreign-Policy ‘Blob’ Strikes Back A Man Who ‘Stuck With Virtue’ How Tim Allen Became a Culturally Polarizing Figure Get updates from The American Conservative Sign Up BLOGS Rod Dreher Daniel Larison Noah Millman Daniel McCarthy New Urbs CATEGORIES Politics World Culture Arts & Letters New Urbanism The Repository ABOUT US Who We Are FAQ Comments Policy Jobs/Internships Masthead Contact TAC THE MAGAZINE Subscribe Archive Change Address Customer Service Donate Advertise ×
Go Search Go Contents Go to bottom site map N. Korea steps up attacks on Park amid signs of diplomacy Latest News Park says S. Korea, U.S. won't tolerate N. Korean provocations Pause Prev Next Search Search Area Search 2013-05-09 (Thursday) Weather 22.8℃Chuncheon 2subscribebuttonsubscribebutton Facebook Twitter Rss Global Navigation HOME NATIONAL Politics/Diplomacy Society NORTH KOREA BUSINESS Industry Economy Market Tech/Science CULTURE/SPORTS Culture Sports KOREAN WAVE K-Wave News K-Wave Photos K-Wave Videos PHOTOS All N. Korea FOCUS Select Language ALL HEADLINES All Headlines Korean Air to put B787-9 on international route 2017/05/31 11:45 Article View Option Print Enlarge Reduce SNS Share Facebook Twitter google plus Pinterest Linked in Tumblr Reddit Facebook Messenger More SEOUL, May 31 (Yonhap) -- Korean Air Lines Co. said Wednesday it will put its B787-9 Dreamliner jet on an international route for the first time this week. The U.S.-made aircraft will fly daily between Incheon and Toronto from Thursday onwards. It will then be deployed on the Incheon-Beijing and Incheon-Madrid routes from August, the airline said. Korean Air currently has a B787-9 servicing the popular Seoul Gimpo and Jeju Island route. The company, South Korea's biggest carrier by sales, signed a contract with Boeing in 2005 to buy 10 of the aircraft for phased delivery until 2019. A third aircraft will arrive in mid-July this year. The 369-seat dreamliner is built with composite materials and is said to be 20 percent more fuel efficient than the 767 that it is replacing. (END) Most Viewed Seoul to ban smoking at cultural asset sites (4th LD) Park apologizes over alleged sexual misconduct by ex-spokesman Ssangyong says resumption of overnight shift turning point of normalization (2nd LD) N. Korea's Kaesong region sure to be listed as UNESCO world heritage N. Korean escapees to S. Korea to fall 20 pct this year: official More Most Viewed Photos News Focus Hyundai holds driverless car race to promote cutting edge technology Foreign ministry to reclaim trade negotiation task amid looming FTA revision with U.S. Rate freeze mirrors S. Korea's improving fundamentals Finance minister nominee set to expand fiscal intervention to boost economy SME policy getting scrutiny on chronic worker shortage Moon's pick for FM signals push to expand diplomatic horizon, concerns linger S. Korea's new economic chief tasked with reviving economy CJ E&M's tvN enters experiment mode amid ratings slump News All headlines National North Korea Business Culture / Sports Korean Wave Photo news Graphic news Focus Most viewed Special Features Interviews Features Topics Miscellaneous Newspaper headlines Today in Korean history Yonhap News summary Editorials from dailies Tools RSS Mobile Service Twitter Facebook Information Photo/Video Archives Korea in brief Useful links Festival Calendar Weather Overseas Networks About Yonhap About Us Contact Us Subscription Copyright N.K Archives N.K Newsletter Vantage Point Copyrights Yonhap News Agency. All Rights Reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Asia stocks tread water as China PMI in focus; sterling falters Business Standard U.S. proposes fining United $435,000 over 2014 flights Reuters  |  WASHINGTON  May 31, 2017 Last Updated at 06:02 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVqU1r ALSO READ Volkswagen, Justice Dept nearing $3 billion deal to resolve diesel allegations Trump arrives in Washington for inauguration Trump slapped with federal lawsuit in New York Trump era: Russia story 'Gotta Go Now'! (Washington Diary) Trump transition: From Brexit to Calexit (Washington Diary) WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration on Tuesday proposed fining United Airlines $435,000 for operating 23 flights in 2014 with a Boeing 787 that the government alleged was not in airworthy condition. The FAA alleged that in June 2014, United mechanics replaced a fuel pump pressure switch on the Boeing Co aircraft but failed to perform a required inspection before returning the aircraft to service. A United spokesman said, "The safety of our customers and employees is our top priority. We immediately took action after identifying the issue and are working closely with the FAA in their review." (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On United | Fine | Int | Government | Washington | Reuters | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep U.S. proposes fining United $435,000 over 2014 flights WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration on Tuesday proposed fining United Airlines $435,000 for operating 23 flights in 2014 with a Boeing 787 that the government alleged was not in airworthy condition. WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration on Tuesday proposed fining United Airlines $435,000 for operating 23 flights in 2014 with a Boeing 787 that the government alleged was not in airworthy condition. The FAA alleged that in June 2014, United mechanics replaced a fuel pump pressure switch on the Boeing Co aircraft but failed to perform a required inspection before returning the aircraft to service. A United spokesman said, "The safety of our customers and employees is our top priority. We immediately took action after identifying the issue and are working closely with the FAA in their review." (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 U.S. proposes fining United $435,000 over 2014 flights WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration on Tuesday proposed fining United Airlines $435,000 for operating 23 flights in 2014 with a Boeing 787 that the government alleged was not in airworthy condition. The FAA alleged that in June 2014, United mechanics replaced a fuel pump pressure switch on the Boeing Co aircraft but failed to perform a required inspection before returning the aircraft to service. A United spokesman said, "The safety of our customers and employees is our top priority. We immediately took action after identifying the issue and are working closely with the FAA in their review." (Reporting by David Shepardson; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Arun Patil Worldwide Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market 2021: Focus on (Companies, Opportunities, Challenges, Drivers, Growth, Countries, Revenue, & Forecast) Global Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Maritime Patrol Aircraft industry. The Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 4.71% during the years 2017-2021. Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Maritime Patrol Aircraft market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10436752 Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market Segmentation by: Type:  Maritime patrol fixed-wing aircraft, Maritime patrol rotorcraft. The Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Drivers:  Growing marine threats, South China Sea dispute, Competition among prime contractors and sub-contractors. Challenges:  Growing adoption of strategic bombers in maritime patrol, Development of maritime drones or UMVs, Development constraints. Trends:  Preference for MMA, Integration of maritime patrol platform with advanced systems, Transformation of commercial aircraft to MPA. Browse Detailed Information on Global Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10436752 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Maritime Patrol Aircraft market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Maritime Patrol Aircraft industry. Key Vendors:  Airbus, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Saab, and many more. The Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10436752 The Maritime Patrol Aircraft market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Maritime Patrol Aircraft market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Maritime Patrol Aircraft industry before evaluating its possibility.   About 360 Market Updates: 360 Market Updates is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments.   Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley 360 Market Updates +1 408 520 9750 Email – sales@360Marketupdates.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Global 1, Maritime Patrol Aircraft Industry, Maritime Patrol Aircraft Industry growth, Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market, Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market Analysis, Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market Forecast, Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market Growth, Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market Research, Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market shares, Maritime Patrol Aircraft Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global $6.37 Billion Feed Premix Market 2016-2022 – Research and Markets Next PostNext Home BancShares Set to Join S&P MidCap 400 and Chatham Lodging Trust to Join S&P SmallCap 600 Search Recent Posts Capital Finance International Announces Inseego’s Ctrack as Most Innovative Fleet Management Solutions Specialist in Africa Greenberg Traurig’s Restructuring & Bankruptcy Practice Recognized Nationwide in 2017 Chambers USA Guide Global Assembly Automation Market 2017 – FANUC, ABB, Yaskawa, Kuka, Hanwha, Hirata New Organic Cradle Cap Oil for Babies from Grahams Natural Alternatives Global Greeting Cards Market 2017 – William Arthur, Visant Holding Corporation Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
WED, MAY 31, 2017 | 13 °C Partly cloudy Full Text Archive Danger Zone: Vaccination in Hamilton schools Spec 170th anniversary Spec Auctions Readers' Choice Columns Wellness Subscription Today's Paper In Your Neighbourhood Home & Garden Newsroom Insider podcast Event listings 3DownNation Hot topics Newspaper in Education Top Employers Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs CRIME LOCAL ONTARIO CANADA WORLD BUSINESS 4 hours ago Frustration over safety mounts in Waterdown after 10-year-old girl’s traffic death “When is everybody going to wake up and say we have a problem in... Latest News SEE MORE Nova Scotia Liberals win re-election It’s swan versus swan in recovering Hamilton harbour Hamilton under severe thunderstorm watch Business Links HamiltonBusiness.com , Young Professionals , Economic Development , Steeltown 6 hours ago STELCO: Local 1005 members and retirees eyeball tentative agreement United Steelworkers Local 1005 has reached a tentative agreement with... Latest Business News SEE MORE Nobu Toronto executives not concerned about bubble It’s prime time at Amazon.com ... Shares hit $1,000 Bitcoin’s rapid surge raises reasons to question frenzy LOCAL McMaster-university athletics End to End blog BULLDOGS - OHL Sports TV Listings TICATS - CFL SCRATCHING POST UREPORT Drew Edwards Steve Milton Teri Pecoskie Scott Radley Calendar Olympics 1 hour ago Mets overcome Cabrera's error to beat Brewers 5-4 in 12 Mets overcome Cabrera's error to beat Brewers 5-4 in 12 Latest Sports News SEE MORE Sale struggles, but Marrero hits 2 HRs to lift Red Sox Baseball Capsules Hedges, Lamet help Padres hand Cubs 5th straight loss Contests Hamilton Events Burlington Events Movie news+reviews Movie Listings Art Arts & Entertainment BOOKS MUSIC RESTAURANT REVIEWS Television TV LIstings Theatre Wow Celebrity 3 hours ago Graham Rockingham’s Best Bets Leeroy Stagger, Tiny Bill Cody, Sgt. Peppers, Minotaurs, Blues with a... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE Talk TV At the Galleries Shakespeare is alive and well in Stratford Editorial Commentary Letters Columnists Cartoons Blogs Commenting Guidelines May 29, 2017 The Spectator’s View: Scheer safety for the Conservatives In electing Andrew Scheer as its new leader, the Conservative Party of... Inside Opinion: Spec viewpoint and community analysis VIEW MORE OPINION Contests Spec 170 Your Stories Eye on the Area Eye on the Area Photo Submissions Newspaper in Education Commenting Guidelines Power of the Pen Community Partnerships Family Legal Matters Money Matters Top Employers Canada 150 Home and Garden Environment 9 hours ago Ontario needs more ‘poo’ power: environmental commissioner Municipal water systems use huge amounts of power and the hidden energy in... Latest Community Stories SEE MORE Signpost Ramadan 2017 calendar Canada 150: SCTV our top cult export Wheels.ca Family & Parenting Food Health & Fitness Home and Garden Home Style Travel 9 hours ago Your horoscope for Wednesday, May 31 HAPPY BIRTHDAY for Wednesday, May 31, 2017: This year you incorporate... Latest Living Stories SEE MORE Ernie Schramayr: Take it outside in the Steel City Cauliflower, walnuts, tomatoes a great match in this easy pasta sauce French fries or veggies? Toddlers eat more fries Announcements Autos Real Estate Rentals Eye on the Area Spectator Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Spectator Recruitment Advertising 905-526-3200 YourClassifieds.ca 50% off Exotic Car Driving discount: 50% | value: $299.00 | You Save: $150.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days Avoid costly plumbing repairs with preventative maintenance Local Ads Business Listings Coupons Deals Flyers In Your Neighbourhood Readers' Choice Winners SpecStore.ca Taste of Your Neighbourhood 50% off Exotic Car Driving discount: 50% | value: $299.00 | You Save: $150.00 Time Remaining: 0 Days The benefits of calling a mortgage broker: more choice for your unique needs Home News Business British Airways fiasco shows air’s getting thinner... | 9 hours ago  |  Vote 0    0 British Airways fiasco shows air’s getting thinner for legacy airlines Airlines Luke MacGregor,Bloomberg British Airways planes are parked on the tarmac at London Heathrow Airport on Tuesday. next play/pause pre Waterloo Region Record By Richard Weiss and Benjamin Katz The airline industry battle between full-service carriers and discounters looks like an increasingly unfair fight. With British Airways still digging out of its weekend meltdown, Ryanair Holdings reported higher profit and announced plans to accelerate its European expansion. It's the latest sign that legacy carriers are groping for ways to compete beyond just offering customers less and less for higher fares. The looming danger for airlines like British Airways and Lufthansa is that no-frills carriers are putting increasing pressure on the main source of their profits; long-haul travel. Ryanair, which is also moving into main hubs from secondary airports, has signed deals to feed passengers to Air Europa, Norwegian Air Shuttle and even Aer Lingus, which has the same parent as British Airways. If Norwegian can show that its ambitious long-haul budget model can work, then the air will indeed become very thin for Europe's legacy carriers. "Events like what happened with BA at Heathrow and Gatwick can only be good for our business," Ryanair chief executive officer Michael O'Leary said in a Bloomberg TV interview. "We're certainly seeing a buildup yesterday and today into June, July, August, of people who are not willing to take the risk that they'll be stranded by BA at Heathrow." For now, British Airways has given frustrated passengers another reason to look elsewhere. Three days after a brief power surge knocked out its communications systems and froze the carrier's entire London operations, the U.K.'s flag carrier struggled to explain how a local computer outage could strand thousands of passengers. "We will make an in-depth investigation to make sure we will get to the bottom of exactly why this happened," chief executive officer Alex Cruz said in a YouTube video posted late Monday. "We will react. Absolutely this will not happen again at British Airways." That's too little, too late for the at least 75,000 affected passengers. With nearly 600 flights cancelled and luggage unable to be delivered, images and horror stories quickly coursed through social media. The Daily Mail ran a story of a young British woman "in tears" as the chaos forced her to put off her wedding in Greece. So while British Airways continues to look for answers, Ryanair is pushing ahead with plans to increase its fleet by 12 per cent by March 2018 and has sent the message to Boeing that it will take every additional 737 it can get. "Ryanair seems to be succeeding at squaring the circle," said Jonathan Wober, a London-based analyst at CAPA Centre for Aviation. As Ryanair expands into primary airports and adds more services, "that puts pressure on legacy airlines and incumbents." Those aggressive expansion plans contrast with what's happening at the likes of British Airways or labour strife-ridden Air France — not to mention insolvent Alitalia. The fundamental problem for traditional network carriers is that air travel isn't the elite luxury it used to be. It's become a mass-market commodity, laden with onerous restrictions. It hardly matters who operates the Boeing or Airbus planes as long as travelers get to their destinations and so they gravitate toward the cheapest fares. That's an ideal environment for the likes of Ryanair and EasyJet, which can pressure fares to gain market share. Europe's second-largest budget airline also plans to bulk up its fleet by upgrading an order for 30 Airbus narrow-body aircraft to the biggest A321 variant, which the Luton-based company will deploy head-to-head with the legacies on the busiest city routes. "Short-haul air travel in the U.S., in Europe is becoming commoditized," O'Leary said. "The lowest cost wins, and Ryanair is the lowest cost." Meanwhile, British Airways is struggling to clean up its mess. A spokesperson said passengers are being asked to pay to upgrade to first class on some long-haul flights when no economy seats are available. That's a ticket that could cost about 11,000 pounds. On Norwegian Air, a one-way transatlantic trip goes for as little as 99 pounds. Bloomberg | Latest News Local  It’s swan versus swan in recovering Hamilton harbour Snapshot Local  Burlington teacher not guilty of sex charges Snapshot Local  Frustration over safety mounts in Waterdown after 10-year-old girl’s traffic death Snapshot Business  STELCO: Local 1005 members and retirees eyeball tentative agreement Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos Local PHOTOS: Science Expo at Cathedral Local PHOTOS: Ring my bell Local VIDEO: Art Therapy Local CityLife: A wrench in the works The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Ontario’s minimum wage jumping to $15 in 2019 23-year-old woman falls to death in Milton ‘There is a perception that this age group is healthy, but they’re not’ Donald & Melania: The world gets its first real look at the Trump marriage “I’m at my wit’s end”: Stoney Creek resident fed up with ATV trespassers In Your Neighbourhood Today Legal Matters: How detailed do life insurance applications need to be in order to qualify? Question: Having just completed a detailed questionnaire to apply for Life Insurance I realize... What causes hearing loss? Brantford’s Hometown Hearing Centre may be able to help you regain some of your lost hearing,... How to Prepare for a Bear Market I want to share a great analogy I heard recently, one that most Canadians can relate to… Being... Legal Matters: Fired for intoxication in the workplace? Question: Three months ago I was sent home from work for being... Top 6 Things Clients Ask About Our ETFs It’s been shown that the smartest way to maximize wealth in the long term is to invest in a... First dental visit is child's play at kid-friendly office Going to the dentist for the first time is something that can be stressful for kids, but Eastgate... Legal Matters: Accessibility in the workplace is a human right Employees with disabilities are protected from discrimination and harassment in Ontario. Despite... Congratulations to the nominees! – United Way celebrates community spirit BURLINGTON AND HAMILTON – March 8th, 2017 – United Way recognized individuals and organizations... Saving Matters: For the Budding Professional University graduation seems like it was just yesterday, but your first day at your new job is... Legal Matters: Backyard pool safety Question: I am planning on installing a pool in my fenced backyard. What steps can I take to... The basics of a high-torque converter, and why you need one J&K Converters Ltd. in Baden, Ontario, realizes that many drivers don't think about torque... Fire up the grill for the May long weekend at the cottage You and your family are planning an exciting weekend away at the cottage for the Victoria Day... Legal Matters: Multi-generational living Question: My son and his wife have asked me to move in with them. Should I speak to my lawyer... Natural gas: Why it’s a home heating star A-Plus Air in Stoney Creek is an HVAC specialist with over 20 years of experience in heating and... Growing cacti with TERRA Growing cacti is a thing once again! A cactus makes a great houseplant because most of our homes... Legal Matters: Keep your family safe poolside this summer Question: I am planning on installing a pool in my fenced backyard. What steps can I take to... Creating the perfect outdoor enclosure for your pooch Dogs love to be outdoors, and for those times when you can't be outside with them, let Crispline... Sharp Monuments has the urn to suit your needs Hamilton's Sharp Monuments understands that remembering those who were close to you is an important... Canadian Tire Hamilton Centre makes playtime for everybody All Canadian sports and pastimes come to life with the great sporting goods and leisure products at... Making children smile is local dental office's specialty Your child's world is made up of first experiences, and Eastgate Dental Centre in Hamilton wants... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   Up to 71% off Fireworks $20 View Deal 95% off Prescription Eyeglasses $15 View Deal Up to 48% off Salt Cave Sessions $15 View Deal Up to 41% off Prix Fixe Dinner $49 View Deal 50% off an Italian Dinner for 2 People $55 View Deal 53% off Exterior Window Cleaning $59 View Deal 50% off Indian Cuisine $10 View Deal 58% off Chicken Strips $25 View Deal View All Deals MORE BUSINESS STELCO: Local 1005 members and retirees eyeball tentative agreement B.C. shakeup brings new doubts for Trans Mountain It’s prime time at Amazon.com ... Shares hit $1,000 Bitcoin’s rapid surge raises reasons to question frenzy Walmart works to close gap between itself and Amazon PreviousNext Scotiabank wraps up solid bank earnings season, but loan growth concerns persist How a custom blazer in 90 minutes just might change the apparel business TheSpec Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Policy Advertise With Us Become a Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Contact Us Corporate Sales Eye on the Area Photo Submissions FAQ Manage My Subscription Mobile Newsletter Signup Print Editions Sitemap SpecStore.ca Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BramptonGuardian.com BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com HamiltonNews.com InsideHalton.com Mississauga.com NiagaraThisWeek.com NorfolkNews.ca Sachem.ca TheRecord.com Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com LeaseBusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Arun Patil Worldwide Satellite Propulsion System Market 2021: Focus on (Companies, Opportunities, Challenges, Drivers, Growth, Countries, Revenue, & Forecast) Global Satellite Propulsion System Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Satellite Propulsion System industry. The Satellite Propulsion System Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 4.09% during the years 2017-2021. Satellite Propulsion System Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Satellite Propulsion System market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Satellite Propulsion System Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10645659 Satellite Propulsion System Market Segmentation by: Propulsion Type:  chemical propulsion satellite, hybrid propulsion satellite, all-electric propulsion satellite. The Satellite Propulsion System Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Drivers:  Low-cost propulsion systems for micro and nano satellites. Challenges:  Cost-intensive satellite launch programs. Trends:  Propulsion by inert gases, Rapid deployment of CubeSats, Use of green propulsive technologies. Browse Detailed Information on Global Satellite Propulsion System Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10645659 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Satellite Propulsion System market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Satellite Propulsion System industry. Global Satellite Propulsion System Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Vendors:  Aerojet Rocketdyne, Airbus, Bellatrix Aerospace, Boeing, OHB, Safran, and many more. The Satellite Propulsion System Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10645659 The Satellite Propulsion System market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Satellite Propulsion System market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Satellite Propulsion System industry before evaluating its possibility.   For More Related Reports Visit @ http://talkinvestor.com/ http://talkinvestor.com/category/industry-news/ CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Global 1, Satellite Propulsion System Industry, Satellite Propulsion System Industry Growth, Satellite Propulsion System Market, Satellite Propulsion System market analysis, Satellite Propulsion System market forecast, Satellite Propulsion System Market Growth, Satellite Propulsion System market research, Satellite Propulsion System Market Shares, Satellite Propulsion System Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious High-performance Thermoplastics Growth Opportunities by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Thioquinox Market: Global Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Search Recent Posts INVESTOR ALERT: Brower Piven Encourages Shareholders Who Have Losses in Excess of $100,000 from Investment in Neurotrope, Inc. to Contact Brower Piven before the Lead Plaintiff Deadline in Class Action Lawsuit IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces an Investigation of John Wood Group PLC and Advises Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm QUANTIACS’ LAUNCHES QUANTINATOR – EMPOWERS ANYONE TO EASILY CREATE QUANTITATIVE TRADING ALGORITHMS VISUALLY, NO PROGRAMMING REQUIRED. DEMOCRATIZING THE HEDGE FUND INDUSTRY. QUANTIACS’ LAUNCHES QUANTINATOR – EMPOWERS ANYONE TO EASILY CREATE QUANTITATIVE TRADING ALGORITHMS VISUALLY, NO PROGRAMMING REQUIRED. DEMOCRATIZING THE HEDGE FUND INDUSTRY. Brand Setter Agency™ CEO, Natascha Sing, Talks Branding Strategies For The Online World Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 31 May 2017 by Arun Patil Worldwide Satellite Propulsion System Market 2021: Focus on (Companies, Opportunities, Challenges, Drivers, Growth, Countries, Revenue, & Forecast) Global Satellite Propulsion System Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Satellite Propulsion System industry. The Satellite Propulsion System Market is anticipated to increase at a significant CAGR of 4.09% during the years 2017-2021. Satellite Propulsion System Market Report Covered: Emerging market trends, market dynamics, industry structure and developments, market share assessments for the regional and country level segments, Satellite Propulsion System market report includes segmentation (By Type, By Applications, By End-Users, & More), key market players, and strategies in the market, detailed value chain analysis and review of growth factors essential for the existing market players and new entrants. Get Sample PDF of Satellite Propulsion System Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10645659 Satellite Propulsion System Market Segmentation by: Propulsion Type:  chemical propulsion satellite, hybrid propulsion satellite, all-electric propulsion satellite. The Satellite Propulsion System Market report delivers detailed study on the major drivers and challenges with respect to regions, key players & their impact. Drivers:  Low-cost propulsion systems for micro and nano satellites. Challenges:  Cost-intensive satellite launch programs. Trends:  Propulsion by inert gases, Rapid deployment of CubeSats, Use of green propulsive technologies. Browse Detailed Information on Global Satellite Propulsion System Market Report @ http://www.360marketupdates.com/10645659 Geographical Regions: Americas, APAC, EMEA. The Satellite Propulsion System market report analyses the market potential for each geographical region based on the growth rate, macroeconomic parameters, consumer buying patterns, demand and present scenarios in Satellite Propulsion System industry. Global Satellite Propulsion System Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key Vendors:  Aerojet Rocketdyne, Airbus, Bellatrix Aerospace, Boeing, OHB, Safran, and many more. The Satellite Propulsion System Market report includes company share analysis for the major companies operating in this market by major regions. Price of Report: $3500 (Single User License) Get Full Access @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/purchase/10645659 The Satellite Propulsion System market report highlight the economy, past and emerging trend of industry, and availability of basic resources. Furthermore, the Satellite Propulsion System market report explains development trend, analysis of upstream raw materials, downstream demand, and current market dynamics is also carried out. In the end, the report makes some important proposals for a new project of Satellite Propulsion System industry before evaluating its possibility.   For More Related Reports Visit @ http://talkinvestor.com/ http://talkinvestor.com/category/industry-news/ CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsBusiness, Global 1, Satellite Propulsion System Industry, Satellite Propulsion System Industry Growth, Satellite Propulsion System Market, Satellite Propulsion System market analysis, Satellite Propulsion System market forecast, Satellite Propulsion System Market Growth, Satellite Propulsion System market research, Satellite Propulsion System Market Shares, Satellite Propulsion System Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious High-performance Thermoplastics Growth Opportunities by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Thioquinox Market: Global Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Search Recent Posts Coral Springs Museum of Art Celebrates 20th Anniversary with Permanent Collection Steel Rebar Market to Reach USD 154.08 Billion by 2021 – Rising Demand For Steel Rebar For Construction Projects – Research and Markets Apple Dubai Mall opens April 27 “Today at Apple” bringing new experiences to every Apple Store Carbonated Beverage Processing Equipment Market to Reach $7.2 Billion by 2022 – Industry Targeting Emerging Economies Like India, China, Brazil & Argentina – Research and Markets Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Missile Defense Test Succeeds Amid North Korea Threat, U.S. Says by Anthony Capaccio @ACapaccio More stories by Anthony Capaccio May 30, 2017, 5:02 PM EDT Interception follows a success in 2014, two failures in 2010 Kim Jong Un’s threats focus attention on array of interceptors Spectators watch as a ground-based interceptor rocket is launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California on May 30. Photographer: Al Seib/LA Times via Getty Images The Pentagon claimed success in intercepting a mock intercontinental ballistic missile in a crucial test Tuesday of a long-troubled system that’s taken on increased urgency with North Korea’s escalating nuclear weapons program. “A ground-based interceptor was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California, and its exo-atmospheric kill vehicle intercepted and destroyed the target in a direct collision,” the Missile Defense Agency said in a statement. It was the first test of the ground-based interceptor system since one that the agency says was a success in June 2014 -- after two that failed in 2010. Tuesday’s intercept test was the first intended to replicate the flight profile of an ICBM that could be deployed by North Korea, based on modeling and predictions. Progress by North Korea’s ruler Kim Jong Un toward developing a nuclear missile that can hit the U.S. mainland has focused new attention on the array of missile interceptors tipped with Raytheon Co. warheads based in California and Alaska. Success is a political boost for President Donald Trump, who has vowed that North Korea won’t be permitted to develop an ICBM. “This system is vitally important to the defense of our homeland, and this test demonstrates that we have a capable, credible deterrent against a very real threat,” Vice Admiral Jim Syring, director of the Missile Defense Agency, said in the statement. More Tests Needed The test’s success was an important step toward demonstrating that improved interceptors the agency is now installing in silos “are capable and can be relied upon to defend the U.S. homeland from a ballistic missile attack,” Cristina Chaplain, the missile defense director for the nonpartisan Government Accountability Office, said in an email. But she cautioned that it was “one of several tests needed” to demonstrate that the system is capable of defending the U.S. and said further analysis “is also needed to ensure that no further changes are needed to the interceptors currently undergoing production.” The Missile Defense Agency, in its statement, acknowledged as much, saying, “Initial indications are that the test met its primary objective, but program officials will continue to evaluate system performance based upon telemetry and other data obtained during the test.” The GAO said in a report issued earlier Tuesday that the ground-based system continued to make progress last year as the Pentagon expands a 30-interceptor force to 44 by year-end, a decision made in May 2013 to counter North Korea’s growing threat. There are 36 interceptors in silos today. The Missile Defense Agency has said its extensive efforts to fix flaws with the interceptor’s warhead have paid off. But the Pentagon’s weapons testing office has said the $36 billion system of ground-based interceptors can’t yet be counted on to shoot down a nuclear-armed missile aimed at the U.S. West Coast by an adversary such as North Korea or Iran. The network of radar, communications and interceptors managed by Boeing Co. has demonstrated only a “limited capability to defend the U.S. homeland from small numbers of simple” intercontinental ballistic missiles, the testing office said in January in its latest annual report. Other Improvements In addition to replicating for the first time the first time the speed, trajectory and closing velocity of an ICBM, Tuesday’s launch also tested avionics updates to the booster rocket built by Orbital ATK Inc. that carries an improved version of the conventional warhead made by Raytheon, Missile Defense Agency officials have said. Syring, the missile defense agency director, has said he is “very confident” in the systems that would be used “to intercept a North Korean ICBM were they to shoot it toward our territory.” But Laura Grego, a missile defense analyst with the Union of Concerned Scientists, said last year that none of the interception tests since 2010 have used targets representative of actual threats or complex countermeasures. Since its inception, the system “has destroyed its target fewer than half the 17 times it has been tested, and its record is not improving over time,” she said at the time. “The system has a three-for-nine record,” since a 2004 deployment decision, said Grego, co-author of a July 2016 report titled “Shielded From Oversight: The Disastrous U.S. Approach to Strategic Missile Defense.” The GAO said Tuesday that the system, which has been hobbled by sporadic testing and reliability flaws in some parts, is demonstrating mixed progress. Tuesday’s test used a warhead equipped with new thrusters designed to adjust its flight path as it approaches the mock ICBM and other components intended to remedy obsolescence of some parts and reliability shortcomings. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Rich People Don’t Want Ivanka Trump’s Fashion Once Costly Deep-Sea Oil Turns Cheap, to OPEC's Dismay Emirates’ First Class is Becoming Even More Elite China Factory Gauge Holds Up as Global Economic Outlook Improves Chinese Workers Who Probed Ivanka Trump-Linked Factories Missing Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education More... MultimediaConsumerScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Politics Last Modified: Wed, May 31 2017. 08 06 AM IST AI-IA merger, aircraft purchases were collective decisions: Praful Patel Praful Patel was civil aviation minister in UPA when Air India, Indian Airlines purchased aircraft worth Rs70,000 crore, says CBI, causing the national carrier significant losses Subscribe to our newsletter. Shaswati Das In December 2005, UPA with Praful Patel as civil aviation minister approved a purchase of 68 aircraft by Air India from Boeing. In 2006, it approved Indian Airlines’ purchase of 43 aircraft from Airbus. Photo: Mint New Delhi: A day after India’s Cental Bureau of Investigation (CBI) registered three cases and one preliminary enquiry related to aircraft purchases and leasing—and the surrender of profit-making routes—by the country’s two state-owned airlines, Air India and Indian Airlines, the minister who was then in charge said all decisions were taken “collectively”. Some of the charges involve decisions that are at least a decade old. All were taken when the previous United Progressive Alliance (UPA) government was in power. CBI said on Monday it had also launched a preliminary enquiry into the merger of the two airlines, Air India, and Indian Airlines, creating an entity called National Aviation Co. of India Ltd (NACIL), which was subsequently renamed Air India. Air India declined comment on the probe into the alleged corruption and mismanagement that led to the airline suffering heavy losses, but Union minister of civil aviation Ashok Gajapathi Raju said in New Delhi on Tuesday that his ministry would “fully cooperate with CBI on this”. CBI said on Monday it is investigating “unknown officials of the ministry, Air India, NACIL, unknown private persons, and private companies”. In a copy of one of its first information reports, the agency says it is looking into allegations that the ministry “under Praful Patel, the then minister”, abused its position and conspired with other government officials and private domestic and foreign airlines. Patel said the agency does not name “any individual” and that “all decisions were multi-tiered and collective”. He added CBI “started a preliminary enquiry in 2013 during the UPA’s regime”. The allegations are not new. They are part of a plea filed by the Centre for Public Interest Litigation, ruling on which, the Supreme Court, in January, asked CBI to probe the issues raised. And several government committees and departments have raised concern about the aircraft purchases and the merger in the past. This includes a report by government auditor Comptroller and Auditor General, and two parliamentary committees—one on transport and the other, public sector units. The aircraft purchases cost the two airlines around Rs70,000 crore and the other decisions, CBI said in its statement on Monday, caused Air India significant losses. The state-owned airline has debt of about Rs50,000 crore, of which about Rs25,000 crore are loans taken to buy aircraft. Patel said the aircraft purchase order had been cleared by an empowered group of ministers (eGoM) headed by P.Chidambaram and approved by Pranab Mukherjee, with the decisions being ratified by the cabinet. In December 2005, the UPA-1 cabinet, with Patel as civil aviation minister, approved a purchase of 68 aircraft by Air India from Boeing Co. A year later, it approved Indian Airlines’ purchase of 43 aircraft from Airbus Group SE. CBI is looking into these purchases and also into leasing deals entered by Air India. In 2011, a CAG report said the purchases “will involve substantial negative cash flows”. CAG’s report said although concerns on potential difficulties of funding the acquisition process had been raised, they had been ignored—a factor which CBI highlights in the FIR. “Unnecessary expansion was made without any proper study and without any transparency. Loans were taken from US and Indian banks to finance the same, causing the airlines to go into debt and suffer huge losses.” Shaswati Das Topics: Air India Indian Airlines merger case CBI Praful Patel More From Livemint READ MORE Odisha CHSE Class 12 results 2017 declared: Check results here Edward Snowden says democracy under threat by attacks on ‘fake news’ Aurobindo Pharma receives USFDA nod to manufacture ADHD drug First Published: Wed, May 31 2017. 02 31 AM IST Editor's Picks How India’s GST in its current avatar deviates from global practices Rising impunity might be driving anti-Dalit violence RBI calls for account number portability, banks wary Latest News Odisha CHSE Class 12 results 2017 declared: Check results here Edward Snowden says democracy under threat by attacks on ‘fake news’ Aurobindo Pharma receives USFDA nod to manufacture ADHD drug Donald Trump’s trip to Europe was hardly a ‘great success’ ‘The Ministry of Utmost Happiness’: Arundhati Roy’s hideous, beautiful story Mint On Sunday When Krishna danced to the Beatles in Vegas If the world’s fate rested on a cricket match, who would make the team? The myth that is the Indian liberal Letter from... a place where people don't tweet World records: Separating true achievement from mere novelties Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Technology Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting a video of Trump's 'severed head' on social media after Secret Service suggests she will be investigated for threatening the president 'Despite the constant negative press covfefe': Internet mercilessly mocks Trump after he posts incoherent late night tweet as Spicer makes today's press briefing off camera following Tuesday's debacle Dallas Cowboys cornerback Nolan Carroll is arrested on DWI charges after leaving a club that was throwing a welcoming party for him Call me, maybe? Trump is handing out his unsecured cellphone number to world leaders - breaking protocol and raising security fears (and only Trudeau has phoned him) CBS News anchor Scott Pelley is sacked and his desk cleared while he's away on assignment for 60 Minutes America throws away enough food each year to feed most of the WORLD: Study claims Americans dispose of nearly 40 percent of the produce they buy Eat oats, approach muesli with caution and forget about rice puffs: Just which breakfast cereals are REALLY healthy? Is he getting ANOTHER chance? Huma Abedin 'invites disgraced husband Anthony Weiner to move back into the family home' after taking the $11,900-a-month apartment off the market 'He put three fingers in my mouth and shook my head like a dog shakes a toy': Online romance-seekers reveal the worst Tinder dates they have ever been on Tennessee teacher, 50, who went on the run with 15-year-old girl pleads not guilty to federal kidnapping charges Pictured: 15-year-old girl killed after car she was traveling in plowed into a fire truck blocking the road on Memorial Day 'It's shameful and disgraceful': Tearful Rebel Wilson accuses magazine publisher of 'bullying and intimidating' her during her cross examination at defamation trial 'You call it terrorism, I call it patriotism!' Portland white supremacist goes on vile rant as he is arraigned for the murders of two train passengers who tried to save Muslim girl from him - as his only surviving victim watches  Disturbed man who threatened police with a FAKE gun inside Orlando International Airport arrested amid huge police response after he tried to commit suicide by cop Happy Days star Erin Moran did not have any illicit drugs in her system as final autopsy results confirm she died from cancer Would YOU give up make-up to guard against breast cancer? Charity warns of the potentially harmful chemicals lurking in popular products from foundation to lip gloss Dozens are feared dead and hundreds more injured in massive suicide car bomb attack in Kabul How is the state of YOUR spelling? From 'pneumonia' to 'diarrhea', Google reveals America's most misspelled words Wendy Williams pays tearful tribute to tragic fan Martyn Hett who died in Manchester terror attack after she found out that he was meant to be in her audience this week Manchester mosques REFUSE to bury suicide bomber Salman Abedi's body as it emerges his corpse is kept outside the city and away from his victims  That's a royally big surprise! Pippa Middleton and new husband James Matthews climb into a water taxi before boarding a sea plane as they continue their honeymoon in Australia Marilyn moment! Pippa Middleton's $800 Kate Spade dress billows in the bitterly cold Sydney wind - as she appears to question her summer attire Sydney’s royal suite: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' luxury $19,000-a-night honeymoon suite - and Kim and Kanye have stayed there too Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau SPLIT twenty years after the teacher spent seven years in prison for sleeping with the student, 12, then married him after her release and had two children  Previous Next 'Fairly unbelievable': Sean Spicer talks up Trump's relationship with Angela Merkel after his 'incredible' trip to Middle East and Europe White House press secretary Sean Spicer lauded President Trump's 'extraordinary and successful' nine-day overseas trip He denied a rift with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who told Europeans they must be prepared to go it alone 'I think the relationship the president has had with Merkel, he would describe as fairly unbelievable' Merkel said in a speech after Trump lectured European leaders that 'the times in which we could completely depend on others are, to a certain extent, over' He called the trip 'incredible' and 'historic'  European leaders gave more critical reviews to the president's performance after he left  By Geoff Earle, Deputy U.s. Political Editor For Dailymail.com Published: 16:47 EDT, 30 May 2017 | Updated: 17:29 EDT, 30 May 2017 e-mail 13 shares 54 View comments President Trump's first overseas trip was 'extraordinarily successful,' and his relations with German Chancellor Angela Merkel are 'fairly unbelievable,' White House press secretary Sean Spicer told reporters Tuesday. Spicer held his first televised press briefing in more than two weeks, after a trip that got mixed reviews as the president met Saudi leaders without incident, visited holy sites in the Middle East and bonded with Israeli leaders, lectured European leaders on their defense spending, didn't personally affirm the nation's Article 5 commitments to defend NATO, and mostly avoided the simmering Russia controversy by failing to hold a press conference. 'This was an extraordinarily successful nine-day trip the president took,' Spicer said, providing his own review of the president's day-by-day accomplishments. White House press secretary Sean Spicer spoke glowingly about President Trump's first overseas trip during the daily press briefing at the White House in Washington, Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Spicer was equally upbeat in his assessment of Trump's relations with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, on a day when Trump tweeted Germany was 'very bad' by slacking on defense spending and holding a trade surplus with Washington.    'I think the relationship the president has had with Merkel, he would describe as fairly unbelievable,' Spicer said.  Merkel stoked concerns about a split in the transatlantic alliance when she said in a speech in Munich Monday that ''The times in which we could completely depend on others are, to a certain extent, over.' Spicer didn't hold back as he recapped an 'the incredible, historic trip,' which he attended along with Trump and several aides and family members – though Ivanka Trump and son-in-law Jared Kushner bailed out after Rome as reports came forward that he was a subject of inquiry of the FBI's Russia investigation. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'The president has a magnetic personality and amazing... Trump pokes Germany again saying it has a 'very bad' trade... Sean Spicer abruptly LEAVES White House briefing amid... Trump tells Senate to force through Obamacare repeal and tax... Share this article Share 13 shares 'I think the relationship the president has had with Merkel, he would describe as fairly unbelievable,' Spicer said President Donald Trump took another swipe at longtime U.S. ally Germany , firing off a tweet that chided the nation for its trade surplus with the U.S. and for shirking its defense responsibilities 'It truly was an extraordinary week for America and our people,' Spicer said.  Nor did he leave it to the pundits or historians to issue pronouncements about the president's first trip abroad. 'We've never seen before at this point in a presidency such sweeping reassurance of American interest and the inauguration of a foreign policy strategy designed to bring back the world from growing dangers perpetual disasters brought on by years of failed leadership,' Spicer said. He called Trump's speech on extremism 'a historic turning point that people will be talking about for many years to come.'  Trump got mixed reviews in Europe after he chided NATO leaders for insufficient defense spending. Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, Germany¿s Chancellor Angela Merkel, U.S. President Donald Trump and European Council President Donald Tusk attend the G7 summit in Taormina, Sicily, Italy, May 26, 2017 His rebuke Tuesday morning came after summit meetings last week that exposed splits between Trump and European leaders. 'The president's historic speech was met with nearly universal praise,' he said, allowing some others to do the praising. Spicer quoted Egyptian President Al-Sisi, who flattered Trump during their meeting by saying, 'Let me say that you have a unique personality that is capable of doing the impossible.'  'I agree!' Trump quipped at the time, with a smile. Spicer also talked up 'historic economic development deals,' and name-checked major U.S. companies that were involved, including Locked-Maritn, Raytheon, Boeing, GE, DOW Chemical, Honeywell, Emerson, Alcoa, and CISCO. Spicer went on to review another of Trump's speeches, delivered at the Israel Museum. He called it 'highly praised' and a 'moving address.' Trump warned that Germany's trade and defense policies were 'very bad' for the U.S., stoking a growing feud with Merkel, who on Monday said her European allies could not longer 'completely depend' on others Merkel lifts a glass of beer during an election campaign event in Munich on Sunday. 'The times in which we could completely depend on others are, to a certain extent, over,' she said at the event In Europe, Trump 'boldly stood up for American taxpayers and our common defense by calling on other NATO countries to pay their fair share.' The speech wasn't as well received in Europe, where NATO leaders appeared uncomfortable while Trump told them to pony up and spend more on defense, while paying more for past years when defense spending fell short of a 2 per cent pledge.  It didn't take long for the Democratic National Committee to crank out a release mocking Spicer's claims. 'Sean Spicer may have tried to filibuster criticism of President Trump's foreign trip during today's White House briefing, but calling this trip 'extraordinarily successful and historic' would be best described as an alternate fact,' the DNC said in a statement. They included clips of more negative reviews, including a State Department official who told the Daily Beast ''When it comes to diplomacy, President Trump is a drunk tourist,' and a quote from Merkel expressing displeasure that the U.S. wouldn't agree to a joint G7 statement on climate change. Merkel called it 'very unsatisfactory' and said, 'We have a situation of six against one'. French President Emmanuel Macron said his prolonged televised handshake with Trump during the trip was a deliberate effort at one-upsmanship.   'One must show that you won't make small concessions, even symbolic ones, but also not over-publicize things, either,' he told Journal de Dimanche. 'My handshake with him — it wasn't innocent,' he added. Share or comment on this article e-mail 13 shares Most watched News videos Homeowner places camera inside her mailbox to catch sneaky thief 'Rolling Thunder' bikers pays tribute to those who served. Scuffle between rowdy man and security guard ends in shooting Sean Spicer WALKS OFF after White House press briefing gets testy Secretary Mattis: War with North Korea would be 'catastrophic' Trump speaks with mothers of fallen soldiers during Arlington visit Maddog Mattis says 'War with N. Korea would be 'catastrophic'' Trump ignores question about Kushner back-channel reports Comedian-in-chief? A look at some of Trump's famous zingers Sean Spicer defends Trump's flip-flop on using anonymous sources 'Heartbroken' mom found baby son's coffin floating above ground Pentagon successfully shoots down a mock nuclear warhead Trump says Russia must be 'laughing' at the U.S. after... Trump tells Senate to force through Obamacare repeal and... Democrats are 'pushing hard' for daytime TV host Jerry... USAA REINSTATES its ads on Hannity after veterans... Bloody Memorial Day Weekend in Chicago sees 49 shot but... Pro-Trump 'free speech' rally should be BANNED after... AK-47-wielding driver fires 108 shots from his Toyota... Ex-cop charged with shooting dead his neighbor feared... Voodoo monster who made a fool of America... until they... 'He was the most brilliant that I have ever known':... Airbnb apologizes for 'poor judgement' after ad for a... New Jersey town must pay an Islamic group $3.25million... Ex-Guantanamo Bay inmate is arrested after being linked... Now Senate Intel committee is focusing its Russia probe... Hunt for new FBI director is stepped up as Trump... Passenger 'punches his drunk girlfriend as she is driving... 'You said you will be president for all Americans so I... Revealed: How white supremacist was shot in the EYE by... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 56 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment Post comment to your Facebook Timeline What's This? By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting image of President Trump's severed head after Chelsea Clinton lashes out at comedian  Pippa Middleton and new husband James Matthews climb into a water taxi on Sydney Harbour as they bring their honeymoon to Australia Make-up free Cindy Crawford, 51, shows off her glowing complexion as she catches a flight out of LA Appeared to be wearing no makeup Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Managed to maintain her modesty  Top of the crops! Jetsetting Kendall Jenner flashes tummy as she catches late night flight out of LA... less than a week after returning from Cannes 'They are really worried for him': Kourtney Kardashian and family share concern over Scott Disick behavior Hard partying  Pink shares snap of inked-up husband Carey Hart in just a TINY bathing suit...and the tatted 41-year-old almost  suffers a wardrobe malfunction Scott free! Kourtney Kardashian looks in high spirits as she steps out with little Mason...as her ex Disick parties with bevy of bikini girls in Cannes 'She's back!' Victoria's Secret announces official return of Angel Candice Swanepoel eight months after birth of son Superstar lingerie model 'Open for business!': Bethenny Frankel reveals she is ready to date again after split from banker Dennis Shields Looking for love It's Instagram official! Ryan Seacrest's girlfriend Shayna Terese Taylor shares sweet snap of couple during romantic getaway Things are heating up Keeping it casual! Sarah Silverman wears hooded top and jeans to event promoting her new standup special At the Netflix For Your Consideration event The disappearance of a lover, her daughter's health issues and now a second battle with cancer: Olivia Newton-John's many public trials Happy Days star Erin Moran did not have any illicit drugs in her system as final autopsy results confirm she died from cancer Tragic comedy star  Top Chef's Padma Lakshmi shows off her sizzling body in red hot bikini The 46-year-old Top Chef star stripped off on Denver roof deck 'Big night!' Jennifer Lopez promotes premiere of World Of Dance on Instagram with help of Alex Rodriguez On the promotional trail  'She is feeling good and confident': Olivia Newton-John's longtime friend John Farnham claims the Grease star is staying 'positive' after breast cancer diagnosis Ashley Tisdale enjoys romantic stroll with husband after twerking up a storm with bestie Vanessa Hudgens over weekend Weekend partying  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Giving love another try? Sean Penn acts the gent and lugs the bags as he jets off with Robin Wright... seven years after  divorce 'He had the cleanest bill of health': Alan Thicke's widow Tanya Callau says her husband had his heart checked two months before sudden death 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  Checking up on her Double the beauty: Thandie Newton and Evan Rachel Wood look stunning as they lobby for Emmy nominations for HBO's Westworld Both looked fabulous  I write to ministers just like my dad, says William: Duke of Cambridge reveals his interest in politics during GQ interview but insists he doesn't 'lobby' them  Doggy diva! Mariah Carey cuddles her pet pooches Cha Cha and Jill E Beans... as they score free Wag dog walking FOR LIFE  Loves her dogs  Holding a torch! Rob Kardashian posts childhood photos of Blac Chyna with gushing captions calling her 'My little Angela' and 'the woman I love' Domestic bliss! Vanessa Grimaldi & Nick Viall go shopping for homewares in Montreal Reality star even wore a Canadian tuxedo alongside his lady Sydney's royal suite: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' luxury $14,000-a-night honeymoon suite - and Kim and Kanye have stayed there too Asking for advice? Pippa Middleton's husband chats to Sydney water taxi driver before he and his new bride catch a seaplane for a romantic lunch That's a sparkler! Pippa Middleton's brand new wedding band sets off her $260,000 diamond engagement ring perfectly as she steps out in Sydney  Riviera chic! Relaxed Pippa Middleton steps into the winter sunshine sporting black and white $600 Kate Spade dress - as she descends a ladder onto a water taxi Pippa Middleton and husband James Matthews take a sea plane to exclusive hideaway Cottage Point Inn for a romantic seven-course lunch Tiger Woods had two flat tires and damage to his Mercedes when found asleep at the wheel at 3am and told cops 'I don't know, I just like to drive' Retail therapy? Tiger Woods' girlfriend Kristin Smith heads out to shop as she STAYS in Dallas following fallen star's embarrassing 3am DUI arrest in Florida Sun's out, guns out! Ryan Phillippe shows off musclebound arms as he enjoys lunch with ex-fiancee Paulina Slagter Displayed his tattoos Brooklyn Decker mixes and matches with leather jacket and white silk skirt at Band Aid premiere For the premiere of her movie Band Aid  Something borrowed... Emmy Rossum recycles her wedding flowers by donating them to Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City Generous star  Looking good! Melanie Griffith goes makeup-free as she shows off her slim and trim figure in black athletic gear With cat eye sunglasses Not making the cut! Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown auditioned for role in Wolverine movie Logan...but lost out to Dafne Keen Making a meal of it! Heidi Klum, 43, and toyboy lover Vito Schnabel, 30, go for romantic cruise in Greece before heading to dinner EXCLUSIVE: Tori Spelling blows off last chance and defaults on $220k bank loan just months after American Express demanded she pay back $87k debt 'I naturally have black hair': Kim Zolciak reveals she's not a real blonde as she admits she's now 95% gray Known for wearing lots of wigs Still a Son Of Anarchy: Scruffy Charlie Hunnam takes his Harley out for a ride in Los Angeles Star was cruising around town on while running errands 'Such a kind heart': Emily Maynard pays tribute after Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance is found dead at 31 Police called to home Goodbye, Windy City! Kristin Cavallari and Jay Cutler list their 1.5 acre Chicago sprawl for $4.75million Is getting ready to call Nashville home  Trying to impress Billy Elliot? Make-up free Kate Mara leaves a ballet class in LA without her actor beau Jamie Bell Chatting away  Packing on the PDA! Derek Hough and girlfriend Hayley Erbert enjoy a rare day off together by cozying up lakeside He has been on tour  Revealed: Nashville star Powers Boothe suffered fatal heart attack while battling pancreatic cancer Nashville star Powers Boothe died at 68  'A truly good soul': Lisa Kudrow pays tribute to The Comeback co-star Robert Michael Morris as actor dies at 77 Posted an emotional tweet  Keri Russell looks sensational in skintight leather pants and semi sheer top as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel after getting Hollywood Star Looked sensational  Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Forced to postpone tour Wendy Williams pays tearful tribute to fan and social media star Martyn Hett who died in the Manchester terror attack and who was meant to be on her show Mommy and son time! Alessandra Ambrosio steps out with five-year-old Noah in Los Angeles after family Memorial Day break in Malibu Braless Alexa Chung teases a glimpse of her assets in a semi-sheer green gown as she lets her hair down at the launch of new fashion collection Not the jealous type! Richard Gere's younger girlfriend Alejandra Silva laughs as her sex symbol beau is kissed by another woman Didn't mind  'The delay is creating the vision': James Cameron defends 10 year gap between Avatar and Avatar 2 First movie was released in 2009 Giddy up! Gigi Hadid struts around New York City in knee-high riding boots At 5' 10'', she's one of the fashion world's favorite figures Missing him already? Khloe Kardashian looks downcast as she jets home from visiting Tristan Thompson The 32-year-old reality star stepped out solo  Rebel Wilson accuses Woman's Day published for 'bullying and intimidating' her during her cross examination at defamation trial Hand in hand! Zoe Saldana enjoys a sunny stroll with her two-year-old twin sons Cy and Bowie Cut a stylish figure in skintight black jeans  'I couldn't get anyone to understand': Pretty Little Liars star Troian Bellisario discusses her battle with anorexia in Interview magazine Deeply personal  The new normal: Jennifer Garner and little Samuel walk sisters Violet and Seraphina to school after Ben Affleck finally moves out Moving on  It's a Felicity reunion! Scott Speedman is at Keri Russell's side as she is honored with a star in Hollywood Onscreen love captured a generation's hearts Back in his arms! Bella Thorne goes on a date to a burger bar with ex Gregg Sulkin after her Scott Disick 'humiliation' in Cannes Reunited at the weekend EXCLUSIVE: Tiger Woods was ASLEEP at wheel under influence of prescription drugs and had to be woken by police then failed multiple sobriety tests A superhero movie with the woman in charge? Wonders never cease! JAN MOIR on the female-friendly comic-book blockbuster  Tiffany Trump quotes outspoken Donald Trump critic Muhammad Ali while sharing a photo of herself with boyfriend Ross Mechanic during beach getaway Bikini-clad Sofia Richie is joined by a group of pals as she enjoys another idyllic cruise on the French Riviera with Scott Disick Displaying toned abs Make-up free Lily Collins cuts a casual yet chic figure in leggings and khaki jacket as she grabs a coffee after hitting the gym  Dressed down  'She was a mentor!' Brady Bunch cast share their fond memories of TV mom Florence Henderson Matriarch from classic sitcom died in November 'Is it true that Mummy's dead?': Prince Harry's heartbreaking words to Charles as royals carried on as normal and attended church in hours after Di's death Moved on? Paris Jackson snuggles up to a mystery man three months after split with Michael Snoddy  The 19-year-old looked cozy with young hunk Annabelle Wallis flashes her cleavage in glittering pink gown as she joins glamorous co-star Sofia Boutella at The Mummy premiere in Paris Ariana Grande to join forces with Katy Perry, Miley Cyrus and a star-studded line-up at One Love Manchester benefit gig for victims of terror attack  We won't take that! Row over Robbie Williams summer house hots up as four neighbors complain to the council over his 'whimsical' folly Taking him for a ride! Bella Hadid flaunts her body in tiny bikini as she takes the driver's seat on a jet ski with Lewis Hamilton during wild day of partying in Monaco Sheer are the best of pals! Alexa Chung flashes her underwear in sheer skirt as she joins casually cool Pixie Geldof for Alexa Chung's fashion launch 'He is the only actor I ever asked for an autograph': Bond star Pierce Brosnan reveals profound impact 'hero' Roger Moore had on him in touching tribute  Let's roll! Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen goof around on pizza delivery scooter on set of new film Shooting rom-com Little Italy in Toronto 'I do not want them sat there with a 10 course f***ing menu with champagne': Millionaire Gordon Ramsay defends his decision to make his children fly coach Don't Look Back In Anger: Liam Gallagher delivers rousing performance at fundraising concert for Manchester terror attack victims EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire father of Bella and Gigi Hadid pleads 'NO CONTEST' to criminally violating building regulations and faces possible JAIL Lindsey Vonn shows off her bikini body and cozies up to new man in Monaco vacation pics - posted just hours after ex Tiger Woods' DUI arrest Today co-stars Savannah Guthrie and Jenna Bush Hager pen emotional letters to their daughters teaching them importance of body positivity 'I really don't like being duped:' House of Cards actress Robin Wright says she STILL isn't paid the same as male co-stars, despite demanding a raise  A lady a day: Scott Disick, 34, gets VERY close to Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries as he rings in a week of steamy parties with woman NUMBER SEVEN  What IS sex addiction? As self-professed addict Scott Disick hops from girl to girl, therapists explain the 'science' behind his ravenous womanizing Precious bundle! Natalie Portman gives baby Amalia a loving cuddle as she keeps her close on outing She gave birth to little girl in February Steal their Insta-style! As Olivia Culpo and Emily Ratajkowski share stylish #ootd snaps on social media, FEMAIL reveals where to shop the exact pieces 'I should have sued the mongrels': Crocodile Dundee star Paul Hogan SLAMS tax man after alleged payout 'lies' Claims he's handed over  'tens of millions' Trans-Siberian Orchestra founder Paul O'Neill, 61, died from accidental overdose of pain killers and diazepam Found in Tampa hotel Sex symbol of a generation: The first James Bond girl to strip off, Molly Peters, passes away at the age of 75  Played opposite Sean Connery in Thunderball 'You feel like everybody is watching...' Plus-size model Ashley Graham admits she still feels SHY about unveiling her famous curves in a bikini 'Get the f**k out!' Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay throws suitor out after it is revealed he has a GIRLFRIEND The 31-year-old lawyer took no prisoners Diane Kruger bet against director that In The Fade 'wouldn't make Cannes'... and has to get an 'anchor tattoo' after film proved a triumph Actress getting inked 'I do love a teeny tiny bikini': Model Shanina Shaik announced as head of new swimwear campaign She's not shy of flaunting her enviable physique Daredevil star Elden Henson files for divorce from wife of three years Kira Sternbach He plays Foggy Nelson in hit Netflix show and they have a young son Action hero Tom Hardy takes his bike for a spin in London... but lets down his hardman image as he is spotted with learner plates 'She didn't want to miss seeing her': Nicole Kidman plans small gathering with mother Janelle ahead of milestone 50th birthday on June 20 Back to work! Jaden Smith puts Twitter tirade about 'cheese-spiked' pancake behind him as Cara Delevingne blows him a kiss on Toronto set of A Life In A Year Doing herself Justice! Leggy Victoria displays her endless gams in checked swimsuit and silver heels as she poses for new magazine shoot 'I was fighting with everyone!' Robert Pattinson's extreme method acting nearly cost him breakout Twilight role Hunk was almost fired He's a natural! Smiling Prince Harry welcomes veterans to Buckingham Palace as he hosts his first ever garden party on behalf of Queen Elizabeth 'He's dead to them': Scott Disick has 'burned his bridges with the Kardashians after hitting on SIX younger women to make Kourtney jealous' Carmelo and La La Anthony decide to delay divorce... but have no plans to reconcile The pair won't be signing divorce papers anytime soon Babewatch! Bikini-clad Ariel Winter strikes a series of provocative poses as she spends Memorial Day at the beach with her boyfriend Flaunted her figure  Twinning! Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake wear nearly identical outfits as they hitch a lift on a golf cart to catch their private jet after weekend in Hamptons 'The most glorious husband!' Neil Patrick Harris pays loving tribute to David Burkta on his birthday How I Met Your Mother star took to social media  Alexandra Daddario flaunts her cleavage in plunging LBD as Kelly Rohrbach dazzles in silver mini for Baywatch's Berlin premiere Hayley Roberts, 37, gives fiancé David Hasselhoff, 64, a pat on the rear before packing on the PDA at Baywatch event in Berlin Pair looked smitten Wining and dining! Mariah Carey and her toy boy love Bryan Tanaka toast to their rekindled love in Napa Diva, 47, and beau, 34, recently reunited Squad goals! Margot Robbie and her new husband Tom Ackerley ditch Cannes film festival for vacation in the French Riviera with friends 'Someone's getting laid tonight': Mila Kunis swoons at Ashton Kutcher compliment on The Bachelorette Couple showed up on the hit show 'All I Wanna Do... Is Fart On You!' Sheryl Crow jokes about how her young sons mock her 'super corny' music Singer opened up in a new interview Braless Dakota Johnson shows off serious sideboob as she attends Gucci show in Italy with sisters Stella Banderas and Grace Johnson Tiger Woods' girlfriend goes 'crazy' and breaks down in tears after learning of his DUI arrest while shopping at Neiman Marcus - then spends $5K and flees  Tiger Woods' mugshot gets the meme treatment as the internet mocks golfer's Memorial Day DUI arrest  Golfer pounced upon  'Unapologetic': Size 22 Tess Holliday shares a VERY revealing snap of herself modeling a lacy black thong, while admiring a stunning mountain view Leggy Priyanka Chopra wows in a thigh-grazing lace mini dress as she graces the red carpet for the Berlin premiere of new movie Baywatch Elisabeth Moss dazzles in an elegant sheer gown as she joins  co-star Gwendoline Christie at Top of the Lake China Girl screening Baywatch bombshell Charlotte McKinney shows off enviable figure in teeny bikini while enjoying beach day with friends in Los Angeles 'Is he wearing a prosthetic face?' Viewers are baffled by Matthew Perry's bizarre 'Play-Doh' appearance in TV drama The Kennedys Queen of the high street! Maxima of The Netherlands wears a yellow suit from Zara in her country's national color to visit a farm in Vietnam Heavily-pregnant Beyoncé exhibits her growing baby bump as she showers daughter Blue Ivy with affection ahead of birth of twins Just the two of us 'Kidding around': Amber Heard dotes on Elon Musk's children as actress enjoys blossoming romance with billionaire  Sightseeing in Sydney 'I like what I'm seeing': Farrah Abraham finds date in blind audition on Teen Mom OG: The After Show The 25-year-old sniffed out a new lover  Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne's neighbors angry about plans for doggie day care at pair's $6.5m estate - claiming 'constant barking' would be nuisance GMA hosts gush over Teresa Palmer's new horror flick Berlin Syndrome as she reveals husband Mark thinks obsession with scary films is 'weird' 'My eggs are drying up': Landon Clements, 33, tearfully laments getting older on Southern Charm Loss of her youth hitting reality star hard Kim Kardashian says there's almost 'zero' chance mom Kris Jenner will ever speak to ex Caitlyn again Kris is furious with Caitlyn's revelations Booty-ful ride! Kim Kardashian and Larsa Pippen give fans an eyeful as they hop onto arcade game for Memorial Day party Rode motorcycles Wet and wild! Carole Radziwill, 53, flaunts her perfect bikini body as RHONY star goofs around in the pool with boyfriend Adam Kenworthy, 32 A dodgy crop: ESPN accused of photoshopping Tiger Woods' DUI mugshot to make his hair look BETTER Appeared different Bor-at the beach! Isla Fisher and shirtless husband Sacha Baron Cohen join friend Jason Bateman and their children in Malibu Memorial Day family fun Salma Hayek looks spring chic in ruffled floral dress as she attends Gucci Cruise 2018 show in Florence with husband Francois-Henri Pinault Bella Thorne snuggles up to ex Gregg Sulkin in her underwear as she attempts to shrug off Scott Disick humiliation after the two were pictured in Cannes  Critics accuse Ivanka Trump's brand of being 'out of touch' with guide on how to make champagne popsicles for Memorial Day 'Insensitive to veterans'  'Join me': Eminem helps raise more than $2million to support the victims of Manchester terror attack Social media support from rap legend The Queen of green: Mathilde of Belgian looks stylish in jade as she and husband King Philippe welcome competition judges to their home Bella Hadid showcases her slender physique as she takes center stage in smoldering new promotional campaign for Bulgari accessories Back to her roots! Selma Blair's natural hair color shines through as she steps out with ring on her RIGHT hand to dismiss engagement rumors Feeling fancy! Britney Spears and boyfriend Sam Asghari go to celebrity hot spot Mastros for Memorial Day Weekend Dined out together  Cannes I go back? 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks returns to normality as he heads out with friends in LA... after mingling with A-Listers at annual Film Festival 'Thank you Prince Harry for helping my mommy': Girl, 6,  whose military mother is taking part in Invictus Games steals the royal's heart with touching letter  Doting mom! Hilary Duff wears distressed jeans and black t-shirt as she treats son Luca, five, to lunch in LA Drove them to the burger restaurant in her SUV  No place like home! Smiling Nicole Kidman shows off her slender legs in skinny jeans as she visits her mother Janelle in Sydney ahead of her birthday Still a Straight Up star! Leggy Paula Abdul, 54, looks flawless as she dances, twirls and flies through the air on stage for her first tour in 25 years Emma Watson keeps it casual in a checked blouse and white skinny jeans for low-key outing in New York Enjoying a break from her busy schedule  'Oh boy, critics had their venom and knives ready': Dwayne Johnson hits back as Baywatch is subject to bad reviews... after being branded a 'flop'  Child's play: '90s teen heartthrobs Hanson recruit their kids to star in new music video I Was Born It's been 25 years since Hanson first formed Clooney on a tight leash before birth of his twins: Actor reveals he was banned from his own humanitarian 'Oscars' as event was too close to their arrival   Kourtney Kardashian posts ANOTHER snap of her thong-clad behind as she relaxes poolside in a beige bikini Mom-of-three is proud of her body Low-key Kate Hudson enjoys a family outing with her son Bingham Bellamy, five, and her new beau Danny Fujikawa for Memorial Day in Malibu Move over Ben Affleck! Matt Damon's bromance with Chris Hemsworth heats up as the Hollywood stars spend time together in the French Riviera Twinsies! Rachel Zoe spends Memorial Day in Malibu with her adorable matching sons Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day in Malibu 'I stand with you': Ariana Grande's mother speaks out after 'diabolical' Manchester concert bombing Tweeted her complete support Pregnant Heidi Montag goes makeup-free as she shows off her blossoming baby bump in a low-key hoodie Pregnancy is suiting her down to the ground 'It was quite disturbing': Jessica Chastain criticizes the way women were portrayed in Cannes Film Festival selections Was on the jury  Robert De Niro says the US has turned into a 'tragic dumbass comedy' after once being an 'inspiring uplifting drama'  Angry Oscar winner  'Thanks for putting up with me': Cindy Crawford celebrates 19 years of marriage with Rande Gerber Celebrated with sweet posts on Instagram Home sweet home! Matt Damon and wife Luciana Barroso arrive at LAX airport after a trip to Monaco for the Grand Prix Long-haul flight Flower power! Crown Princess Victoria and Mary of Denmark put on another stylish display in summery prints during a tour of Stockholm  Glamorous royals Not exactly the supermodel diet! Bella Hadid gorges on JUNK FOOD while showcasing her super-slim bikini body on a yacht in Monaco Daddy cool! Ryan Gosling looks relaxed as he enjoys a trip to the playground with daughter Esmeralda in LA Quality time Bag lady! Christina Milian is in the pink in top and matching trainers as she lugs Memorial Day goodies in LA Quite literally in the pink Back to the grind: Anderson Cooper hits the gym in New York after he and his partner share romantic selfies from Venice vacation CNN anchor  Discovering just why Johnny Depp chose Stockholm's Grand Hotel to get over his messy divorce Retreated in the throes of a very public split  Blac Chyna is spotted on FaceTime with a mystery man... following split from on/off boyfriend Rob Kardashian Time for a new man? Joan Collins saw off amorous studio boss who pinned her against wall...and Gregory Peck nearly drowned filming Moby Dick, revealed Roger Moore in book Make-up free Lily-Rose Depp looks worn out as she arrives at Tokyo airport after ringing in her 18th birthday with a weekend of wild celebrations Dwayne Johnson wades through a river with 'fearless' daughter Jasmine... after Baywatch sinks at the box office  Father-daughter bonding Bust of friends! Lea Michele shows off assets in plunging top as she parties with chesty chum in Malibu As if they were seeing double 'Baby Nina': Shanina Shaik posts adorable throwback snaps of when she was a little girl  She's had striking looks since birth 'This is it': Geoffrey Rush confirms he's done with Pirates Of The Caribbean movies after Dead Men Tell No Tales Says it's the end for the iconic Captain Barbossa 'Girls would call me cottage-cheese thighs': Model Ashley Graham reveals cruel bullies made her school days hell... as they taunted her over famous curves     DON'T MISS Body art! Model Behati Prinsloo gets new tattoo on her forearm and shares the process in Instagram video Her camera captured her grimace Gucci style! Salma Hayek and hubby Francois-Henri Pinault are loved up in Florence for designer's Cruise 2018 Collection Retail therapy  'I AM MARRIED WITH ME': Single supermodel Adriana Lima shares bizarre photo of herself wearing diamond wedding band on Instagram 'He's not a bad person': Kim Kardashian insists there is 'no drama' between Kylie Jenner and Tyga after split In the rapper's defense  Breaking a sweat! Chris Pratt and John Krasinski honor Memorial Day by taking on The Murph Challenge fitness test together in the UK Fallen golf star Woods claims DUI arrest was because of an 'unexpected reaction' to mix of medications and alcohol wasn't involved as he apologizes  Natural beauty Zendaya goes make-up free while hiking with friends on Memorial Day in Los Angeles Star, 20, looked very relaxed Ed Sheeran confirms he hasn't popped the question to long-time girlfriend Cherry Seaborn... after Russell Crowe refers to her as the singer's 'fiancée' Pizza party! Tobey Maguire and Jennifer Meyer reunite for family outing with children in Los Angeles Reunited Monday for pizza with their children  Bright colors, a koala purse and Mickey Mouse flats: A look at Rebel Wilson's quirky ensembles during her defamation trial against Australian magazine Smooth landing! Line-free Nicole Kidman, 49, shows off her VERY taut face as she arrives home in Australia following long-haul flight after leaving Cannes Salud! Sofia Vergara rocks white bustier top and long lace skirt as she throws lavish Memorial Day party Shared the fun with her social media followers  Bling queen! Blac Chyna shows off her new ear piercing and diamond tooth in a series of Snapchats Feeling snap happy with her new jewelery Happy couple! Kirsten Dunst and fiance Jesse Plemons are all smiles in complementing outfits at Gucci show in Italy The first love is the sweetest 'A lady never tells': Rebel Wilson denies claims she lied about her real age to journalists Accused lawyer of dragging out questioning 'Bae watch!' Lea Michele gets playful on social media as she shows off her sensational figure in two tiny one-pieces for Memorial Day PICTURED: Emmy Rossum weds Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail in an intimate ceremony in New York City Exchanged vows in front of a flower-packed altar Growing up fast! Chris Brown hosts pool party at Los Angeles home as daughter Royalty turns three Singer looked full of pride  What a catch! Alessandra Ambrosio reels in the attention as she goes fishing with her family in Malibu Kept it cool and casual for Memorial Day  Good jeans! Lily Collins wears trendy denim jacket as she runs errands on Memorial Day in Los Angeles Dressed down star The littlest flag bearer! Nicky Hilton shares snap of daughter Lily on husband James Rothschild's shoulders as stars mark Memorial Day True Blood couple Anna Paquin and Stephen Moyer head to the beach for a casual holiday with their twins Poppy and Charlie  Enjoying her family time Caliente! Victoria Justice poses on the beach during Mexico getaway as she celebrates sister's 21st birthday Looked stunning 'Bikini until it rains!' Kim Zolciak shows off her swimsuit body... while daughter Brielle flashes mom by exposing her breasts Pair have fun at home 'He's going through a difficult time': One of Tiger Woods' ex-mistresses says she feels sorry for the golfer after his DUI arrest in Florida on Monday  EXCLUSIVE: Double take! Shirtless Orlando Bloom spends day at the beach in Malibu with swimsuit-clad hottie...who looks just like his ex Katy Perry  'They had to split the back!' Poldark hunk Aiden Turner admits his was a 'few pounds too heavy' to fit into his fitted costumes for series three Party crew! Justin Bieber heads out in the Hamptons with Patrick Schwarzenegger and his gal pal Abby Champion  The 23-year-old singer played third wheel  'She was restricted from sitting down': Amber Heard's Aquaman costume said to be so tight that crew followed her around with a leaning WALL as relief Still making a deal? Million Dollar Listing's Ryan Serhant is stuck to his phone as new wife Emilia wears sexy barely-there bikini on Mexican vacation Hidden turmoil behind Princess Diana's funeral: Her body was kept in a 'makeshift morgue' and William refused to walk behind the coffin  Prince William speaks candidly about Princess Diana's death and his regret that she didn't get to meet Kate, George and Charlotte as royals pose in off-duty shoot Rebel Wilson wears a pair of Mickey Mouse-inspired heels to court a day after insisting Walt Disney is her uncle - as she denies claims she lied about her age  'It is a process': Kim Kardashian admits 'begging' Khloe to be surrogate mother and help her have another baby on Watch What Happens Live Tom Cruise is the perfect gent as he offers Annabelle Wallis a hand at The Mummy premiere in Madrid... after UK screening is axed following terror attack  Reunited and it feel so good! The Bachelor's Nick Viall celebrates being in Montreal with fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi with a big romantic airport kiss What a bag, lady! Leggy Olivia Munn totes $4k backpack as she struts around in flirty checked sundress Aaron Rogers' ex was spotted in Vancouver Paris Hilton shows off her toned figure and womanly curves in plunging pink bikini as she shares sizzling snaps from Ibiza break on Instagram Life and legacy of late President John F. Kennedy celebrated nationwide on his 100th birthday He was born on May 29, 1927 in Brookline, MA Easy rider! Chloe Sevigny shows off her toned legs in quirky ensemble as she cruises through New York City on a rental bike 'Her son will miss her forever': Busy Philipps shares her sadness at poet friend's tragic suicide... as she urges fans to seek help Made an emotive post  Secrets of an A-list body: How to get shoulders like Thandie Newton  Recently showed off her toned upper body and shoulders on red carpet Newly-single Leonardo DiCaprio is spotted with a bevy of beautiful women in Monaco... days after partying with supermodels in Cannes Back in the old routine Bringing retro back! Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel spend the holiday weekend with Jimmy Fallon... in a vintage VW camper van Spied in the Hamptons  Scott Disick cannot keep his hands off model, 19, during wild vacation... after steamy displays with Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie AND three other women 'We should have free lunch for all of our public students': John Legend donates $5,000 to help cover meal debts at 99 schools in Seattle Generous gesture Bizarre moment Flash Gordon faces off with the Incredible Hulk after the two actors got into a heated argument before a Comic Con fan had to pull them apart Only in Carrie Bradshaw's world! Sarah Jessica Parker releases a 'sneaker' - a sparkly $255 sandal that has T-straps, cut-outs, and glitter Romancing with the stars! Fifth Harmony's Normani Kordei reveals she has agreed to go on a date with DWTS rival Bonner Bolton Pair got close on show She's found true love! Lost star Maggie Grace weds fiance Brent Bushnell in California after three-month engagement Started dating last year PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Bikini-clad Bella Hadid exhibits her svelte figure as she parties with model pals on a super yacht following the Monaco Grand Prix Donald Trump Jr. marks Memorial Day with grueling Murph CrossFit challenge in Upstate New York named after Navy SEAL who died in Afghanistan 'I finally found summer!' Drew Barrymore rocks fun bird hat while posting snaps of beach vacation with four-year-old daughter Olive Size 22 model Tess Holliday pokes fun at herself by posing with a picture of a 'majestic' WHALE, before joking that she has been 'reunited with her family' 'Healing takes time, if it ever happens': Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder pays tribute to late Soundgarden singer Chris Cornell at Amsterdam show PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Winnie Harlow shows off her sensational figure in skimpy thong bikini as she parties with her rumored beau Lewis Hamilton  'I'm 30, I better get married': Kim sensed romance with Kris Humphries would end while on HONEYMOON after 'freaking out' about milestone birthday Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman disapprove of Connor's 'serious girlfriend' after her run-ins with the law and provocative social media profile Making a splash! Bikini-clad Bella Hadid jumps into the sea as she parties on a luxurious super yacht with shirtless Lewis Hamilton in Monaco Kim reveals she has not spoken to Taylor Swift since THAT blowup over Kanye's 'I made that b***h famous' lyric  Pop princess called it 'character assassination' Crown Princess Victoria of Sweden reveals her teenage anorexia battle resulted from the pressure of taking on royal duties at the age of 18 Joaquin Phoenix and Rooney Mara heighten romance rumors as they share affectionate display at the Cannes Closing Ceremony Headed home together Keen chef Cher, 71, shows off kitchenware including two Le Creuset dishes worth $1,350 inside her VERY organized pantry (but can you spot her cat?) Avoid specials, be wary of boasts and haggle for wine: Gordon Ramsay reveals his three golden rules for eating at restaurants  Inside information Emily Ratajkowski strikes a pose in a pretty frilled bikini for fun Instagram video as she shows off her amazing curves during family pool day in Texas John Legend sends video message to parents of Manchester victim Olivia Campbell, 15, as they release recording of her singing 'All of Me' for charity Beach babe! Hoda Kotb celebrates Memorial Day weekend with three-month-old adopted daughter Haley  Adorable baby nestled on a blanket Hoff-ing for a miracle? Priyanka Chopra heads to Germany to promote Baywatch movie where original star David Hasselhoff is king after film's US flop 'I'm odd!' SNL's Kate McKinnon reveals the secret to her success as she plays dress up for cover shoot Experiencing same fame as stars she parodies Leggy Ashley Tisdale slips her slender figure into backless leopard print swimsuit as she heads home from best pal Vanessa Hudgens' pool party in LA Oh baby! Pregnant Bar Refaeli shows off her beautiful bump in a teal bikini as she hits the beach in Thailand   Israeli model, 31, is Leonardo DiCaprio's ex Crown Princess Victoria opts for a SWAN print dress while Mary of Denmark plays it safe in lace as she joins the Swedish royals for dinner Back to the grind! Usher seen dancing against a scantily clad woman as he hosts a wild Memorial Day weekend party in Las Vegas Slender Sofia Richie sizzles in red floral bikini as she relaxes on a yacht in Monaco... after denying romance with Kourtney Kardashian's ex Scott Disick Miranda Kerr 'marries billionaire Snapchat founder Evan Spiegel in small but lavish event at his LA home' Supermodel was said to be 'ecstatic' Making a splash! Bikini besties Vanessa Hudgens and Ashley Tisdale host twerk-a-thon as they rock sexy leopard print swimsuits Sexy side came out Nicole Kidman sends an apology video to Cannes after being unable to collect a special award as Will Smith gives a tear-filled speech on her behalf Kourtney Kardashian wows in VERY skimpy bikini as she cuddles up to toddler Reign after Cannes... as she 'BANS ex Scott Disick from seeing their children 'Mr. Sell' Fredrik Eklund jets off to Africa for romantic getaway with boyfriend after slashing price of Bethenny Frankel's apartment in bid to find buyer Son of Pink Floyd guitarist David Gilmour enjoys 'intimate' baths with his pet MAGPIE (even though his wife thinks it's 'slightly inappropriate') She's got nude ambition! Daring Emily Ratajkowski goes completely NAKED as she gets to work on the set of new thriller Welcome Home in Italy Gabriel Byrne, 67, sweetly coos over his newborn baby daughter as he and his younger wife Hannah Beth King take their tot for a stroll in NYC Rachel McCord shows off her super toned abs in a very racy lace-up red bikini as she splashes about with her pals at Santa Monica beach Audience shocked as Three 6 Mafia's DJ Paul threatens drive-by shootings during Memphis concert after sound issues and power outage Miami heat! Victoria's Secret angel Lais Ribeiro frolics in the sea with her boyfriend during beach getaway Continued her Memorial Weekend showcase That looks tasty! Emily Ratajkowski keeps strength up by munching beef in skimpy bikini  after flaunting delightful derriere in sexy snap 'I've needed her': Angelina Jolie says she 'would give anything' to have her late mother Marcheline Bertrand help her through her divorce from Brad Pitt Kris Jenner oozes sex appeal in off-the-shoulder white dress and kinky boots in West Hollywood after stalker scare Looked very sleek  HBO's Silicon Valley star Kumail Nanjiani tells graduates to 'have sex with an immigrant' as he gives college commencement speech in Iowa As IF she looks that good! Youthful Alicia Silverstone, 40, stuns in chic pink blouse and minimal makeup as she hosts Clueless screening in LA Has Princess Beatrice been cured of her workshy ways - by her former beau's go-getting new American love?   Her ex Dave Clark has just proposed  Good Lord! Bella Thorne shows Scott Disick what he's missing as she poses in underwear after brief Cannes fling Sizzling photos  'Obsessed' Rihanna fan 'vows to continue pursuit' of star as he's released from custody after pleading guilty to criminal trespass at her NYC penthouse Naomi Watts 'furious after ex Liev Schreiber broke their pact not to date anyone publicly for a year' and steps out with Gerard Butler's ex Morgan Brown Matthew Perry cuts a scruffy appearance as he steps out with mystery blonde in New York City He's had his troubles since Friends ended Beach babe Alessandra Ambrosio hits the sand in Malibu wearing a white bikini after posting topless shot Showed off her figure  Lady in red! Queen Letizia of Spain dazzles in a slim-fitting scarlet pencil skirt with matching heels and clutch as she steps out in Madrid  Island girl! Sofia Vergara dances with cocounts in crop top and colorful skirt as she prepares for tropical-themed Memorial Day party Adam Levine shows off new 'TRUE LOVE' tattoos on his fingers... while holding his wife Behati Prinsloo's thong-clad derriere Took to Instagram Mommy and me time! Jenna Dewan Tatum takes daughter Everly shopping during Memorial Day weekend Spotted out in LA with her lookalike daughter More bad blood! Ryan Seacrest 'FURIOUS' Katy Perry will be 'earning more money than him' on American Idol with $25million paycheck Charlotte McKinney flaunts her impossibly long legs in miniscule black dress and heels as she enjoys a dinner date in Malibu Looked sensational  'If it's missing I know he has it': Elsa Pataky says she and Chris Hemsworth SHARE the same $180 moisturizer as she reveals her beauty secrets Keeping Up With... Barbie! Kylie Jenner splashes out $20,000 to buy TWO huge art pieces inspired by the toy doll Canvas portraits Sorry Scott, she's not interested! Sofia Richie strips to her swimsuit for yacht day... as teen strongly denies she's dating her 'homie' Disick Quick to diffuse rumors Top of the crops! Iggy Azalea sizzles in skintight red top and leggings as she performs new single Switch on The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon Uma Thurman goes for gold in gown as stunning Jessica Chastain leaves her best dress for last at glamorous final night of the 70th annual Cannes Film Festival  Just married! Emmy Rossum weds Mr Robot creator Sam Esmail in an intimate ceremony in New York City The Shameless star got hitched Lea Michele flaunts her effortless style in figure-skimming silk dress as she steps out for dinner date in LA The Scream Queens actress dazzled Gillian Anderson transforms into glamour icon Monroe before impersonating rock star David Bowie on latest episode of hit show American Gods 'Someone just died': Kourtney Kardashian tries to 'rescue' Kris Jenner during firefighting exercise on KUWTK Put through their paces Milestone! Lily-Rose Depp rings in her 18th birthday modeling pink cowboy hats with Leila Rahimi Posted some social media updates Kendall Jenner looks chic in a fur-sleeved jacket as she gets back to LA life with dinner at Japanese restaurant She is getting back into the American groove Cannes Palme d'Or goes to Ruben Ostlund's The Square as Sofia Coppola becomes second woman to win best director Swedish comedy  'I felt like a fool': Sharon Osbourne admits she felt humiliated by Ozzy's cheating scandal... as the pair discuss renewing their vows  Getting ready to party! Benji and Joel Madden stock up with supplies ahead of Memorial Day Twins are married to celebrities Cameron Diaz and Nicole Richie  Da ya think I'm spec-sy! Kimberly Stewart and daughter Delilah del Toro don glasses as they head to lunch Her father is veteran rocker Rod Stewart 'Shine brighter!' Ariana Grande's brother Frankie tweets support for victims of Manchester terror attack Sent his love  'Do it for the Graham!' Ashley gives an up-close and personal tour of her curves poolside in sexy bikini video Shared with her  Instagram followers Baywatch is a massive flop for The Rock after bringing in nearly $20MILLION less than expected over Memorial Day weekend Life's a beach for flick No hangover here! Hilary Duff enjoys a play date with son Luca following wild night out with Lea Michele Visited a farmers market in Studio City 'Blacked out by 12pm': Snooki pours herself a vodka drink on Memorial Day weekend boat trip with hubby The mother-of-two knows how to party  Super dad! Mario Lopez reveals his rock hard physique as he plays with his kids on Cabo vacation Enjoying a beach day with his family Going Overboard! Anna Faris is a dead ringer for Goldie Hawn as she films remake of 1987 comedy Filming the movie in British Columbia Today's headlines Most Read 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting a video of Trump's 'severed head' on social media... 'Despite the constant negative press covfefe'': Internet mercilessly mocks Trump after he posts incoherent,... Dallas Cowboys cornerback Nolan Carroll is arrested on DWI charges after leaving a club that was throwing a... Call me, maybe? Trump is handing out his unsecured cellphone number to world leaders - breaking protocol and... CBS News anchor Scott Pelley is sacked and his desk cleared while he's away on assignment for 60 Minutes America throws away enough food each year to feed most of the WORLD: Study claims Americans dispose of... Eat oats, approach muesli with caution and forget about rice puffs: Just which breakfast cereals are REALLY... Is he getting ANOTHER chance? Huma Abedin 'invites disgraced husband Anthony Weiner to move back into the... 'He put three fingers in my mouth and shook my head like a dog shakes a toy': Online romance-seekers reveal... Tennessee teacher, 50, who went on the run with 15-year-old girl pleads not guilty to federal kidnapping... Pictured: 15-year-old girl killed after car she was traveling in plowed into a fire truck blocking the road... 'It's shameful and disgraceful': Tearful Rebel Wilson accuses Woman's Day publisher of 'bullying and... 'You call it terrorism, I call it patriotism!' Portland white supremacist goes on vile rant as he is... Disturbed man who threatened police with a FAKE gun inside Orlando International Airport arrested amid huge... Happy Days star Erin Moran did not have any illicit drugs in her system as final autopsy results confirm she... Would YOU give up make-up to guard against breast cancer? Charity warns of the potentially harmful chemicals... At least 50 are dead and 300 injured in massive suicide car bomb attack near British embassy in Kabul How is the state of YOUR spelling? From 'pneumonia' to 'diarrhea', Google reveals America's most misspelled... Wendy Williams pays tearful tribute to tragic fan Martyn Hett who died in Manchester terror attack after she... Manchester mosques REFUSE to bury suicide bomber Salman Abedi's body as it emerges his corpse is kept... A flying visit! A beaming Pippa Middleton and new husband James Matthews enjoy lunch at stunning Sydney... Marilyn moment! Pippa Middleton struggles to contain her $800 Kate Spade summer dress on honeymoon as it... Sydney's royal suite: Inside Pippa Middleton and James Matthews' luxury $19,000-a-night honeymoon suite -... Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau SPLIT: Teacher who spent seven years in prison for sleeping with her... Diana's Paris crash car 'was a rebuilt wreck': Mercedes pool car provided by hotel on night she died 'had... 'You did the right thing staying with your grandsons ': Incredible moment a 'shaking' Queen was comforted by... The disappearance of a lover, her daughter's health issues and now a second brave battle with cancer: Olivia... Explained: Olivia Newton-John's new cancer diagnosis - from survival rates to treatment methods EXCLUSIVE: 'They haven't accused me of anything. I have nothing to hide.' British husband at center of FBI... MORE HEADLINES 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologizes for posting a video of Trump's 'severed head' on social media after Secret Service suggests she will be investigated for threatening the president Student, 21, is found 'raped, stabbed and strangled to death' in South Africa as dramatic footage shows police chase down her suspected killers  Mary Kay Letourneau and Vili Fualaau SPLIT: Teacher who spent seven years in prison for sleeping with her student, 12, and having his two children is single as pair separate after 20 years Mystery as two North Koreans are found dead in the same Moscow hotel after BOTH suffering 'acute heart failure' as two more are rushed to hospital 'What's the biggest whale you've harpooned?' Man live streams sex with a woman while making degrading comments about her weight to a men's Facebook group with 14,000 members Tiger Woods was ASLEEP at the wheel and on FOUR prescription drugs when he was arrested for DUI: Golf star told cops he 'didn't know where he was' - but had NO alcohol in system  Tiger Woods' mugshot gets the meme treatment as the internet mocks golfer’s Memorial Day DUI arrest The tragic moment a teenage hiker jumped into a raging river and was swept away never to be seen again is released on video as a body is found Married Texas principal who killed himself in high school parking lot 'had been confronted about claims of an affair with his female secretary' Woman, 19, is sentenced to death by stoning for adultery after she was 'raped at gunpoint by her cousin' in Pakistan  EXCLUSIVE: Tori Spelling blows off last chance to make amends and defaults on $220k bank loan just months after American Express demands she pay back $87k credit card debt Speed hump! Two camels cause a massive traffic jam in the desert by mating in the middle of a motorway in Dubai Sean Spicer abruptly LEAVES White House briefing amid reporter revolt over attack on 'fake news' reports that rely on anonymous sources Clinton the Third? Chelsea fuels speculation she will run for office with children's book 'She Persisted,' appearance on 'Today' and finely tuned public profile A dodgy crop: ESPN accused of photoshopping Tiger Woods' DUI mugshot to make his hair look BETTER 'You call it terrorism, I call it patriotism!' Portland white supremacist goes on vile rant as he is arraigned for the murders of two train passengers who tried to save Muslim girl from him - as his only surviving victim watches  'The president has a magnetic personality and amazing ability to make people feel special': Trump aide mocked for a response worthy of 'North Korea' to report revealing how he insults aides MS-13 girl 'lured an 18-year-old man to a park with the promise of sex before four gang members stabbed him to death 153 TIMES' Retail therapy? Tiger Woods' girlfriend Kristin Smith heads out to shop as she STAYS in Dallas following fallen star's embarrassing 3am DUI arrest in Florida Digging it a little too much! Naked man climbs excavator on a Florida highway and starts masturbating in front of laughing drivers Diana's Paris crash car 'was a rebuilt wreck': Mercedes pool car provided by hotel on night she died 'had been stolen and driven into the ground earlier in the year' and 'hugely dangerous above 37mph' Top tennis player, 21, is banished from French Open after trying to grab and kiss female reporter on the neck live on air What has Trump's White House got to party about? Mystery 'disco' lights on the second floor spark a flurry of speculation... but a passing ambulance is to blame EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire father of Bella and Gigi Hadid pleads 'NO CONTEST' to criminally violating building regulations and faces possible JAIL for illegal construction of his 'Starship Enterprise' mansion Stranger buys $350 plane ticket for 19-year-old Army soldier so he can be with his family on Memorial Day Horrified mother finds her six-month-old son's casket floating in a dirty puddle ABOVE the ground when she visits his grave in Tennessee - just nine days after he was buried  Hero homeless man who rushed to save victims of the Manchester bomb is reunited with his mother...but he's still living rough despite £50,000 being raised to help him 'No one knows what happened to me': Missing girl who vanished in 1984 'takes over' Florida sheriff's Twitter account in eerie stunt to try to revive her cold case Trump communications director Mike Dubke RESIGNS three months after he accepted White House messaging job MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business British Airlines IT debacle another win for discount carriers With customers gravitating toward cheaper flights with companies such as Ryanair, legacy airlines struggle to adapt. British Airways recent meltdown is estimated to cost the company tens of millions.  (Luke MacGregor / Bloomberg file photo)   By Richard Weiss Benjamin KatzBloomberg Tues., May 30, 2017 The airline industry battle between full-service carriers and discounters looks like an increasingly unfair fight. With British Airways still digging out of its weekend meltdown, Ryanair reported higher profit and announced plans to accelerate its European expansion. It’s the latest sign that legacy carriers are groping for ways to compete beyond just offering customers less and less for higher fares. The looming danger for airlines like British Airways and Lufthansa is that no-frills carriers are putting increasing pressure on the main source of their profits: long-haul travel. Ryanair, which is also moving into main hubs from secondary airports, has signed deals to feed passengers to Air Europa, Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA and even Aer Lingus, which has the same parent as British Airways. If Norwegian can show that its ambitious long-haul budget model can work, then the air will indeed become very thin for European’s legacy carriers. Read more: British Airways cancels flights amid global computer outage Article Continued Below British Airways IT debacle puts spotlight on technology systems British Airways says most flights running but angry passengers face delays “Ryanair seems to be succeeding at squaring the circle,” said Jonathan Wober, an analyst in London at CAPA Centre for Aviation. As Ryanair expands into primary airports and adds more customer-friendly services, “that puts pressure on legacy airlines and incumbents.” For now, British Airways has given frustrated passengers another reason to look elsewhere. Three days after a brief power surge knocked out its communications systems and froze the carrier’s entire London operations, the U.K.’s flag carrier struggled to explain how a local computer outage could strand thousands of passengers. “We will make an in-depth investigation to make sure we will get to the bottom of exactly why this happened,” chief executive officer Alex Cruz said in a YouTube video posted late Monday. “We will react. Absolutely this will not happen again at British Airways.” That’s too little, too late for the at least 75,000 affected passengers. With nearly 600 flights cancelled and luggage unable to be delivered, images and horror stories quickly coursed through social media. The Daily Mail ran a story of a young British woman “in tears” as the chaos forced her to put off her wedding in Greece. Capitalizing on BA’s troubles, Ryanair said it had seen “strong bookings” over the weekend. Its Twitter account rubbed salt into the wound with tweets that poked fun and added the hashtag “ShouldHaveFlownRyanair.” The company’s chief marketing officer, Kenny Jacobs, admitted on the BBC “we had a bit of fun on social media.” Ryanair posted a 6-per-cent increase in annual profits Tuesday to 1.3 billion euros ($1.95 billion Canadian) despite “difficult trading conditions,” caused by terror attacks in European cities and a sharp decline in the British pound. BA, meanwhile, is counting up the cost of its debacle that some have estimated could run into the tens of millions. Cutting costs — and corners? As British Airways resumed full service Tuesday, shares in its parent company, International Airlines Group, dropped 3 per cent as investors appeared to worry that the company’s quality of service may have been undermined by recent efforts to save money. “Although cost cutting has been good for the share price in the last year, it will come back to bite IAG if it stops them from doing what they are supposed to do: Fly passengers to their destinations,” said Kathleen Brooks, the research director at City Index. IAG has been battling tough competition, even as it has faced pressure on its earnings from a weaker pound following Britain’s decision to leave the European Union. The company issued a profit warning following the Brexit vote nearly a year ago. Cost pressures aggravated an already complicated situation. Renewing IT systems is complex, time-consuming and expensive — a factor that prompts many companies to put it off as long as possible, said Loizos Heracleous, a professor of strategy at Warwick Business School. The problem with IT systems is recurring across the industry, particularly among established airlines. In August, Delta Air Lines cancelled hundreds of flights when a power outage likewise knocked out its computer systems worldwide. Airlines face challenges with their IT systems also due to linkages across their systems. There’s further demand on the system when companies consolidate — as has been the case among airlines — since “IT issues get heightened and any vulnerabilities are exposed.” Such troubles give an advantage to newer airlines such as Ryanair. “The ability to set up an airline from scratch bypasses a lot of the legacy issues, because you can go for state-of-the-art systems,” Heracleous said. “Newer airlines can also invest in IT systems that are more easily upgradeable and scalable. An airline such as Ryanair, that is also financially successful, has more leeway to divert needed resources toward upgrading its IT systems.” Need for Planes While British Airways continues to look for answers, Ryanair is pushing ahead with plans to increase its fleet by 12 per cent by March 2018 and has sent the message to Boeing Co. that it will take every additional 737 it can get. “There’s a huge amount of opportunities out there across Europe as we grow and one of the limiting factors continues to be deliveries of the aircraft,” chief financial officer Neil Sorahan said in a phone interview. That’s a stark contrast to the likes of British Airways or labour strife-ridden Air France — not to mention insolvent Alitalia. The fundamental problem for legacy network carriers is that air travel isn’t the elite luxury it used to be. It’s become a mass-market commodity, laden with onerous restrictions. It hardly matters who operates the Boeing or Airbus planes as long as travellers get to their destinations and so they gravitate toward the cheapest fares.  That means the airlines with the lowest costs win, and right now that’s the likes of Ryanair and easyJet on European short-haul routes. easyJet also plans to bulk up its fleet by upgrading an order for 30 Airbus SE narrow-body aircraft to the biggest A321 variant, which the Luton-based airline will deploy head-to-head with the legacies on the busiest city routes. Especially for Ryanair, which continues to squeeze operating costs, a fare war is the quickest route to snatching up market share. With Alitalia’s collapse and financial troubles at LOT Polish Airlines and Portugal’s TAP, the status quo of low fuel and lower fares is ideal for the Irish airline. Meanwhile, British Airways is struggling to clean up its mess. A spokesman said passengers are being asked to pay to upgrade to first class on some long-haul flights when no economy seats are available. With files from The Associated Press Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 14°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Save time and effort in your dating life by taking a matter-of-fact approach Sometimes you need to carefully sift through everything to decide what’s worth keeping and what needs to be burned in a colossal trash fire. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Canada 150 Missing Women Donald Trump Book Reviews Panama Papers Weather Blog Fresh Air Fund Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Omni-Lite Industries Reports Strong First Quarter Results Share on Facebook Share Share on TwitterTweet Share on Google Plus Share Share on Pinterest Share Share on LinkedIn Share Share on Digg Share Send email Mail Print Print – Q1 revenue up 16% – Gross Margin up 130 basis points – Cash flow from operations up 55% – EBITDA up 70% – Earnings per share up 135% LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA–(Marketwired – May 30, 2017) – For the three months ended March 31, 2017, Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. (TSX VENTURE:OML)(OTCQX:OLNCF) (the “Company”) is pleased to report revenue of $1,724,239 US, up 16% from Q1 in 2016. In the first three months of this fiscal year, cash flow from operations (1) was $529,264 US, up 55% over the same period last year. EBITDA (1) was $511,415 US, up 70% over the period. Net income in the first quarter was $368,195 US, up 116% over the 2016 period and earnings per share were $.04 US, up 135% for the three months. “By almost every financial metric the Company performed very well in the first quarter,” stated David F Grant, CEO. “Of particular importance the Company’s gross margin increased to over 61.3 percent in the first quarter, an increase of approximately 130 basis points from the gross margin attained in the same period of 2016.” Omni-Lite is also pleased to note that it has received new contracts worth US$ 463,514 US. Of these orders 68% are in the Aerospace division, 18% are in the Sports and Recreation division and 14% are in the Specialty Automotive division, “This brings the total value of the new orders announced this year to over $3,270,000 US or $4,404,690 CAD at the exchange rate on May 29, 2017,” stated Allen W. Maxin. “The acceleration of the Company’s aerospace activities is highlighted by another recent development contract from a major customer. This program could lead to significant revenue in the near future.” The company would also like to note that it has been reviewing with it’s customers, the significant progress on the aerospace titanium program. “To assist in the development and qualification process leading to the finalization of the engineering specifications required for a production component, the company has hired, as of May 30, 2017, the ex-Director of Engineering from one of our customers,” stated Michael Walker, VP of R and D.” This should expedite the development cycle as this customer utilizes large quantities of these titanium components annually.” SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (US $) All figures in US dollars unless noted. Basic Weighted Average Shares Issued And Outstanding, March 31, 2017: 10,369,120 For the period ended March 31, 2017 For the period ended March 17, 2016 % Increase (Decrease) Revenue $ 1,724,239 $ 1,484,489 16 % Cash flow from operations(1) 529,264 341,800 55 % EBITDA(1) 511,415 300,357 70 % Net Income 368,195 170,220 116 % EPS (US) 0.04 0.02 135 % (1) Please see March 31, 2017 Management Discussion and Analysis for detailed notes and definitions For complete results, please visit www.sedar.com or request a copy from the Company. Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. is a rapidly growing high technology company that develops and manufactures precision components utilized by Fortune 500 companies including Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier, Embraer, Alcoa, Ford, Borg Warner, Chrysler, the U.S. Military, Nike, and adidas. Reader Advisory Except for statements of historical fact, this news release contains certain “forward-looking information” within the meaning of applicable securities law. Forward-looking information is frequently characterized by words such as “plan”, “expect”, “project”, “intend”, “believe”, “anticipate”, “estimate” and other similar words, or statements that certain events or conditions “may” or “will” occur. In particular, forward-looking information in this press release includes, but is not limited to the expected future performance of the Company. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking information are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. We cannot guarantee future results, performance or achievements. Consequently, there is no representation that the actual results achieved will be the same, in whole or in part, as those set out in the forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the statements are made, and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking information. Some of the risks and other factors that could cause the results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking information include, but are not limited to: general economic conditions in Canada, the United States and globally; industry conditions, governmental regulation, including environmental regulation; unanticipated operating events or performance; failure to obtain industry partner and other third party consents and approvals, if and when required; the availability of capital on acceptable terms; the need to obtain required approvals from regulatory authorities; stock market volatility; competition for, among other things, capital, skilled personnel and supplies; changes in tax laws; and the other risk factors disclosed under our profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Readers are cautioned that this list of risk factors should not be construed as exhaustive. The forward-looking information contained in this news release is expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. We undertake no duty to update any of the forward-looking information to conform such information to actual results or to changes in our expectations except as otherwise required by applicable securities legislation. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information. Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. CategoriesUncategorized TagsFrom Around The Web, OLNCF, Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc., Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Medical Nutrition Industry Analysis, Recent Developments in Technology, Size, Share, Growth, Trends And Forecast, 2013 – 2019 Next PostNext Animal Welfare: Issues and Opportunities in the Meat, Poultry, and Egg Markets in the U.S. Search Recent Posts Enssolutions Group Announces First Quarter Financial Results United States Anesthesia Video Laryngoscope Market- Medtronic, Truphatek, Pentax-AWS, Verathon, Ambu, Coopdech, IntuBrite Lattice Biologics Ltd (LBLTF: OTCQB) | Lattice Biologics Ltd. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Highlights Lattice Biologics Ltd. Reports Second Quarter 2017 Highlights CardConnect Corp. (CCNWW: OTCQX U.S.) | SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Brower Piven Commences an Investigation into the Proposed Sale of CardConnect Corp. and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm for Additional Information Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives Book review: McCullough reveals ‘American Spirit’ Book review: ‘Mestizos’ traces rise of Chicano culture Book review: Chrichton’s ‘Dragon Teeth’ out of the archives Poetry Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Flooding, hail hits San Antonio, leading to rescues, search Eight buildings at Lackland locked down after bomb threat Sagray owned and operated Mr. Plumber for 40 years Tim Duncan’s ex-adviser reaches a deal with SEC US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News Explosion in diplomatic area of Kabul kills 9, wounds dozens Death toll rises in Philippine troops' assault on militants Palestinian power struggle threatens further Gaza power cuts The Latest: Blast in Kabul diplomatic kills at least 9 Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases Dallas Fed says Texas manufacturing at best levels in three years Walmart works to close gap between itself and Amazon Rackspace sued for failing to disclose Vodafone contract loss Uber fires former Google engineer at heart of self-driving Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools Vikings sign former Steele QB Tommy Armstrong Texas WR John Burt qualifies for NCAA track and field Texas TE Reese Leitao will remain with program after misdemeanor Top in-state RB Keaontay Ingram commits to Texas Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate Milkshake pop-up crew bringing bar food to The Brooklynite Korean market and restaurant set to expand 365 Days of Tacos: Week 21 roundup Big flavor, low prices: San Antonio's best-value restaurants for Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties ‘Matilda’ ‘family show, not a kids’ show’ Austin Mahone expands beyond Mahomies Book review: Summer reads for young adults Book review: ‘My Soul Looks Back at the ’70s Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Descendants set to meet with hospital regarding 70 human remains Tubing season is officially open - sort of Don't let Texas' most mispronounced cities trip you up during Texas: Fecal bacteria levels at Gulf beaches ahead of Memorial Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Bathroom bill’s double punch — mean and stupid Investment in QUEST pays dividends Trump can’t add things up Are conservatives now incapable of revulsion? Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Toyota’s redesigned Land Cruiser excels on, off road; comes Hyundai rolls out new Ioniq hatchback in hybrid, plug-in hybrid, Subaru rolls out a redesigned Outback wagon for 2018, giving it a Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Hat brand Kangol returns jobs to US, finds itself struggling Uber fires autonomous car researcher involved in lawsuit 3 Mile Island owner threatens to close ill-fated plant Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House San Antonio homes for rent Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/business/local/article/Dallas-Fed-says-Texas-manufacturing-at-best-11182323.php Dallas Fed says Texas manufacturing at best levels in three years By Rye Druzin Updated 5:16 pm, Tuesday, May 30, 2017 Begin Slideshow 57 Photo: San Antonio Express-News File Photo Image 1of/57 Caption Close Image 1 of 57 Texas manufacturers reported growth in production, plant utilization and new orders in May, reaching levels not seen since April 2014, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas’ Texas Manufacturing Outlook Survey. less Texas manufacturers reported growth in production, plant utilization and new orders in May, reaching levels not seen since April 2014, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas’ Texas Manufacturing ... more Photo: San Antonio Express-News File Photo Image 2 of 57 A Mission Solar employee inspects solar wafer. The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas reported continuing increases in the outlooks of Texas manufacturers, albeit at more modest rates. A Mission Solar employee inspects solar wafer. The Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas reported continuing increases in the outlooks of Texas manufacturers, albeit at more modest rates. Photo: San Antonio Express-News File Photo Image 3 of 57 From oil giants and soda icons to airlines and retailers, click through to see which Texas companies landed on the Fortune 500 list in 2016. From oil giants and soda icons to airlines and retailers, click through to see which Texas companies landed on the Fortune 500 list in 2016. Image 4 of 57 2. Exxon Mobil Irving 2. Exxon Mobil Irving Photo: Gene J. Puskar, Associated Press Image 5 of 57 7. Phillips 66 Houston 7. Phillips 66 Houston Photo: Lisa Poole, Associated Press Image 6 of 57 12. AT&T Dallas 12. AT&T Dallas Photo: Steven Senne /Associated Press Image 7 of 57 13. Valero Energy Corp. San Antonio 13. Valero Energy Corp. San Antonio Photo: David Paul Morris, Bloomberg Image 8 of 57 51. ConocoPhillips Houston 51. ConocoPhillips Houston Photo: David Ryder, Bloomberg Image 9 of 57 53. Energy Transfer Equity Dallas 53. Energy Transfer Equity Dallas Photo: Boxer Property Image 10 of 57 59. Enterprise Products Partners Houston 59. Enterprise Products Partners Houston Photo: Enterprise Products Partners Image 11 of 57 61. Sysco Houston 61. Sysco Houston Photo: Sysco Image 12 of 57 67. Plains GP Holdings Houston 67. Plains GP Holdings Houston Photo: Dave Rossman, For The Houston Chronicle Image 13 of 57 70. American Airlines Group Fort Worth 70. American Airlines Group Fort Worth Photo: Scott Olson, Getty Images Image 14 of 57 77. Tesoro Corp. San Antonio 77. Tesoro Corp. San Antonio Photo: Joey Garcia, EXPRESS-NEWS FILE PHOTO Image 15 of 57 96. Halliburton Houston 96. Halliburton Houston Photo: David Zalubowski, Associated Press Image 16 of 57 115. Occidental Petroleum Houston 115. Occidental Petroleum Houston Photo: Kevork Djansezian, AP Image 17 of 57 119. Baker Hughes Houston 119. Baker Hughes Houston Photo: Richard Drew, Associated Press Image 18 of 57 122. United Services Automobile Association (USAA) San Antonio 122. United Services Automobile Association (USAA) San Antonio Photo: John Davenport, EXPRESS-NEWS FILE PHOTO Image 19 of 57 127. National Oilwell Varco Houston 127. National Oilwell Varco Houston Photo: Katherine Feser, Houston Chronicle Image 20 of 57 Buy photo 136. Fluor Corporation Irving 136. Fluor Corporation Irving Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Buy this photo Image 21 of 57 140. Kimberly-Clark Irving 140. Kimberly-Clark Irving Image 22 of 57 150. Holly Frontier Dallas 150. Holly Frontier Dallas Photo: Karen Warren, Chronicle Image 23 of 57 161. Southwest Airlines Dallas 161. Southwest Airlines Dallas Photo: Jon Shapley, Staff Image 24 of 57 162. Anadarko Petroleum The Woodlands 162. Anadarko Petroleum The Woodlands Photo: MELISSA PHILLIP, HOUSTON CHRONICLE Image 25 of 57 167. EOG Resources Houston 167. EOG Resources Houston Photo: Billy Smith II, Chronicle Image 26 of 57 170. Tenet Healthcare Dallas 170. Tenet Healthcare Dallas Photo: San Antonio Express-News File Photos Image 27 of 57 193. Kinder Morgan Houston 193. Kinder Morgan Houston Photo: TIM RUE, BLOOMBERG NEWS Image 28 of 57 204. Western Refining El Paso 204. Western Refining El Paso Photo: Anis Belghoul, Associated Press Image 29 of 57 214. Whole Foods Market Austin 214. Whole Foods Market Austin Photo: Associated Press File Photo Image 30 of 57 217. Waste Management Houston 217. Waste Management Houston Photo: Billy Smith II, Staff Image 31 of 57 218. Apache Houston 218. Apache Houston Photo: Craig Hartley Image 32 of 57 227. Marathon Oil Houston 227. Marathon Oil Houston Photo: David J. Phillip, AP Image 33 of 57 233. Texas Instruments Dallas 233. Texas Instruments Dallas Image 34 of 57 250. J.C. Penney Plano 250. J.C. Penney Plano Photo: Mark Lennihan, STF Image 35 of 57 275. Cameron International Houston 275. Cameron International Houston Photo: Cameron International Image 36 of 57 277. CST Brands San Antonio 277. CST Brands San Antonio Photo: Kin Man Hui, San Antonio Express-News Image 37 of 57 291. Group 1 Automotive Houston 291. Group 1 Automotive Houston Photo: Melissa Phillip, Houston Chronicle Image 38 of 57 306. Dean Foods Dallas 306. Dean Foods Dallas Photo: Bloomberg, Getty Images Image 39 of 57 Buy photo 311. GameStop Grapevine 311. GameStop Grapevine Photo: Michael Cummo, Hearst Connecticut Media Buy this photo Image 40 of 57 313. CenterPoint Energy Houston 313. CenterPoint Energy Houston Photo: Getty Images Image 41 of 57 329. Targa Resources Houston 329. Targa Resources Houston Photo: NA, Targa Resources Image 42 of 57 353. Calpine Houston 353. Calpine Houston Image 43 of 57 354. D.R. Horton Fort Worth 354. D.R. Horton Fort Worth Photo: Bloomberg, Getty Images Image 44 of 57 357. FMC Technologies Houston 357. FMC Technologies Houston Photo: Aaron Sprecher /Bloomberg News Image 45 of 57 361. Quanta Services Houston 361. Quanta Services Houston Image 46 of 57 388. Commercial Metals Irving 388. Commercial Metals Irving Photo: Frederic Larson Image 47 of 57 395. Celanese Irving 395. Celanese Irving Photo: Michael Paulsen, Houston Chronicle Image 48 of 57 406. Buckeye Partners Houston 406. Buckeye Partners Houston Photo: ONLINE_YES Image 49 of 57 424. KBR Houston 424. KBR Houston Photo: PAT SULLIVAN Image 50 of 57 429. iHeartMedia (formerly CC Media Holdings) San Antonio 429. iHeartMedia (formerly CC Media Holdings) San Antonio Photo: Bob Levey, Getty Images For IHeartMedia Image 51 of 57 437. Dr Pepper Snapple Group Plano 437. Dr Pepper Snapple Group Plano Photo: Stephen Hilger, Bloomberg News Image 52 of 57 446. Energy Future Holdings Dallas 446. Energy Future Holdings Dallas Image 53 of 57 448. MRC Global Houston 448. MRC Global Houston Photo: Nick De La Torre, Staff Image 54 of 57 449. Spectra Energy Houston 449. Spectra Energy Houston Photo: Spectra Energy Image 55 of 57 494. Alliance Data Systems Plano 494. Alliance Data Systems Plano Photo: Matt Rourke Image 56 of 57 496. Pioneer Natural Resources Irving 496. Pioneer Natural Resources Irving Photo: New York Times Image 57 of 57 Dallas Fed says Texas manufacturing at best levels in three years 1 / 57 Back to Gallery Texas manufacturing activity picked up pace in May, surging to its highest level in three years as factories used more of their capacity and produced more goods, the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas said Tuesday. The Texas production index, a key measure of manufacturing activity, increased 7.9 points to 23.3, according to the Dallas Fed’s Texas Manufacturing Outlook Survey. The index, which polled 113 Texas companies between May 16 and 24, reached its the highest level since April 2014. The index measures the amount of goods that companies produce. It was the 11th consecutive month of growth for Texas manufacturers, and more than a third of respondents said they were using more of their capacity, the Dallas Fed said. “Several key indexes reached levels not seen since mid-2014, when oil prices were still over $100 per barrel and the Texas economy was growing at a breakneck pace,” Emily Kerr, a senior economist at the Dallas Fed, said in the news release. She added that the oil downturn — which started in mid-2014 as oil prices began to fall from more than $100 a barrel down to $26 a barrel in February 2016 — combined with a strengthening dollar created significant “headwinds” that have lessened in recent months. Business Channel “It’s a great sign for Texas manufacturing to see that production is surging in the current environment,” Kerr said. The new order index rose to 18.1 in May, a 6.6-point increase over April, and shipments grew 15.2 points to 24.7, its sixth consecutive month of growth. One manufacturer told the Fed that it planned “significant capital expenditures” to absorb additional volume while another said “business definitely feels stronger than a year ago, but the question is how long it will last.” The Fed doesn’t release the names of the individuals or companies that comment on the survey. The company outlook indicator for six months ahead, which measures how manufacturers view the future business climate, showed some optimism after the index fell in April. The outlook index rose 4.7 points to 30.9 in May, which is down from a record 48.8 in January. rdruzin@express-news.net @druz_journo    Catch every San Antonio area moment! Click to like mySA on Facebook. The Latest Search for men in flooded creek called off Eva Longoria, in tiny bikini, spills secrets Actor hangs out, poses for selfies at S.A. music fest Infant rescued from flooding interstate Popular Hill Country cafe closed after explosion Model spotted in Barton Springs S.A.-based USAA backtracks controversial decision on TV ads Lured to park with promise of sex, he was stabbed 153 times at... Lithium battery fire forces SFO-bound flight to make emergency... Duncan’s ex-adviser reaches a deal with SEC Abandoned town for sale at $1.95M Celebrities spotted around S.A. over long weekend Photos: Tubers flock to C. TX rivers for holiday fun '80s heartthrob brings band to rock Comic Con after party Big flavor, low prices: S.A.'s best-value restaurants Critics pick top restaurants, bars near downtown Burgers to try at San Antonio's top restaurants Rock, metal gods shake up S.A.'s weekend at Rockfest Alamo City Comic Con hosts a galaxy of stars and fans Texas country music star adds some twang to S.A. Missions' game Mugshots: N. Texas police arrest 5 in meth sting Texas model bounces back after meth use Ex-drug users share inspiring transformations Recent Breaking News NWS: Severe storms with possibility of flash flooding, hail... $5,000 reward offered for info on suspect who allegedly robbed... SAPD: Gunman flees after shooting man outside NE side strip club Most Popular 1 Celebrities spotted around San Antonio over Memorial Day weekend 2 Eight buildings at Lackland locked down after bomb threat 3 Popular Hill Country restaurant closed 'until further notice'... 4 USAA reverses course on ‘Hannity,’ reinstates ads 5 Photos: Eva Longoria, in tiny bikini, spills secrets 6 Ariel Winter Shredded for ‘Tasteless’ Memorial Day Bikini... 7 San Antonio police will show mayor their own video of incident... Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email services. Stop any time.    San Antonio Business news & alerts    Real Estate news & listings    Career news & job listings    Auto news & listings    Breaking news EMAIL: Click here to sign up for News, Sports and more Email Alerts. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Viagra Obsolete: New Replacement Cheaper Safer Faster Home | Patrick Buchanan Tags: trump | nato | merkel | europe G7 Meeting Alludes to US-NATO Collision German Chancellor Angela Merkel and U.S. President Donald Trump depart following the group photo at the G7 Taormina summit on the island of Sicily on May 26, 2017, in Taormina, Italy. (Sean Gallup/Getty Images) By Patrick Buchanan Tuesday, 30 May 2017 09:01 AM Current | Bio | Archive Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    By the time Air Force One started down the runaway at Naval Air Station Sigonella in Sicily, to bring President Trump home, the Atlantic had grown markedly wider than it was when he flew to Riyadh. In a Munich beer hall Sunday, Angela Merkel confirmed it. Europe must begin to look out for itself, she said, "take our fate into our own hands. . . . The times in which we could rely fully on others, they are somewhat over." Merkel's apprehensions are understandable. A divorce could be in the cards. During his visit to NATO in Brussels and the G7 in Sicily, Trump, with both his words and body language, revealed his thinking on who are friends and who are freeloaders. Long before arriving, Trump had cheered Brexit, the British decision to quit the E.U., and shown a preference for nationalist Marine Le Pen in the French election won handily by Emmanuel Macron. But when it comes to leaders, Trump seems to prefer Deke House to student council types. He has hailed Vladimir Putin as a "strong ruler" and "very smart." In Riyadh, Trump declared King Salman a "wise man." He calls China's Xi Jinping "a great guy," and welcomed Turkish autocrat Recep Tayyip Erdogan to the Oval Office: "It is a great honor to have you with us." When Egypt's President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, who has imprisoned and killed thousands of the Muslim Brotherhood, came to visit, Trump said, "He's done a fantastic job in a very difficult situation." In a phone call, Trump also praised Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte, who has had narcotics dealers gunned down in the streets, for doing an "unbelievable job on the drug problem." Trump has even found merit in Kim Jong Un, the 33-year-old dictator of North Korea, describing him as a "a pretty smart cookie." And where Trump was photographed by the Russians grinning broadly with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, his confab with Merkel was marked by a seeming reluctance to shake hands. But the disagreements with Europe are deeper than matters of style. Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson have indicated that in dealing with foreign nations, U.S. support for democratic norms and human rights will now take a back seat to strategic interests. In Riyadh, Trump signaled the Sunni King of Bahrain we will no longer be giving him instructions on how to treat his Shiite majority. We're not "here to lecture," Trump assured the Arab royals. After the conclave, the king's police killed five and wounded dozens of demonstrators outside the home of a Shiite cleric, and arrested 286 of his supporters. Of greater concern to Trump and Tillerson is the retention of the Persian Gulf naval base of the U.S. 5th Fleet in Bahrain. Trump also tilts toward GOP skepticism of the threat of global warming and is considering pulling out of the Paris climate accord that is the altarpiece of the environmentalist international. In Brussels, Trump praised NATO's decision to back the U.S. war in Afghanistan after 9/11, but did not specifically recommit to Article 5, requiring all NATO nations to treat an attack on one as an attack on all, which our nervous NATO allies had wanted to hear. Instead, they got an earful of pure Trump about how they owed back pay for NATO and that only five NATO nations were meeting their obligation to allocate 2 percent of GDP to defense. Merkel seemed to take this as an implied threat that the U.S commitment to defend Europe from a Russia with one-tenth of NATO-Europe's GDP may be contingent, and may have a time limit on it. Moreover, France, Britain and Germany appear far more solidly committed to the Iran nuclear deal than are Trump and Congress. A U.S.-NATO collision could come here, and soon. The Iranians have signed on to purchase 100 Airbus aircraft and 80 commercial airliners from Boeing. If the Republicans impose new sanctions on Iran, or scupper the Boeing deal, Europe would have to decide whether to abandon the Airbus sales, or deliver the planes and perhaps take over the Boeing contract. That could bring a crisis. And any U.S. confrontation with Iran, pressed upon us by Saudis, Israelis and Sunni Arabs could find Europeans bailing out wholesale on the next U.S. war in the Middle East. Trump also seems less committed to the sanctions on Russia for its reannexation of Ukraine and support of pro-Russian rebels in the Donbass than does NATO Europe or Congress. From his rough remarks, Trump sees the Europeans as freeloaders on U.S. defense, laggards on their NATO contributions, and mercantilists who craft policies to run endless trade surpluses at our expense, especially the Germans who are "bad, very bad." The European half of Trump's trip should be taken as a fire-bell-in-the-night warning: Shape up, Europe, or you may find yourselves on your own when it comes to the defense of your continent. For we Americans have had about enough. Patrick Buchanan has been an adviser to three presidents, a two-time candidate for the Republican presidential nomination, and the nominee for the Reform Party in 2000. He was also a founding member of "The McLaughlin Group," which began on NBC, and CNN's "Capital Gang" and "Crossfire." His latest book is: "The Greatest Comeback: How Richard Nixon Rose From Defeat to Create the New Majority." For more of his reports, Go Here Now. Posts by Patrick Buchanan After Confederate Statues, What's the Next Target? Special Prosecutor Should Investigate Criminal Intel Leaks View More Posts by Patrick Buchanan Newsmax Blogs: Ray Negron: Great Names With Big Hearts Keep Me Going Paul F. deLespinasse: Warren Buffett Backs Single Payer for the Wrong Reason View More Newsmax Blogs © Creators Syndicate Inc. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share PatrickBuchanan By the time Air Force One started down the runaway at Naval Air Station Sigonella in Sicily, to bring President Trump home, the Atlantic had grown markedly wider than it was when he flew to Riyadh. trump, nato, merkel, europe 898 Tuesday, 30 May 2017 09:01 AM 2017-01-30 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Insiders Patrick Buchanan Conservative Cause G7 Meeting Alludes to US-NATO Collision David Ignatius Foreign Policy 'Back Channels' are Protocol for Presidents Larry Klayman Klayman's Court Strong Justice Dept. Is Trump's Best Offense Against Left James Hirsen Left Coast Report Trump Bashing Costs Johnson Box Office, Political Wins Larry Bell On Point NKorea Escalating Nuclear Missile Threat to US Luis Fleischman National Security Zone True Mideast Peace Begins When Arabs End Propaganda War Michael Flanagan For the Republic Gianforte Won Because of His Loyal Support for Trump All Insiders Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Most Commented DHS Chief Kelly: 'We're Not Hiding Behind a Wall' Friday, 26 May 2017 | 1022 comments No birth certificate, no college transcripts, no social security card, no... WashPost: Kushner, Russia Discussed Secret Communication Channel Friday, 26 May 2017 | 968 comments More wash post humor ...NO facts No evidence No named source.... Trump: WH 'Leaks' Are 'Fabricated Lies' by 'Fake News' Enemy Sunday, 28 May 2017 | 803 comments The FBI is looking into Kushner, while no one is looking into the FBI. It... Trump Calls for End of Filibuster to Get Things Done 'Fast and Easy' Tuesday, 30 May 2017 | 629 comments TIME TO HELP PRESIDENT TRUMP PEOPLE. ........... Trump Declares Nine-Day Trip As a 'Home Run' Saturday, 27 May 2017 | 560 comments Well Done, Mr President. The hell with the BS detractors, on this page ,... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe BA Fiasco Shows Air's Getting Thinner for Legacy Airlines by Richard Weiss @rweiss5 More stories by Richard Weiss and Benjamin D Katz @_benkatz More stories by Benjamin D Katz May 30, 2017, 8:32 AM EDT May 30, 2017, 10:24 AM EDT Ryanair charges into network rivals’ turf to spur fare war British Airways scrambling for answers to weekend meltdown Ryanair CEO Sees Summer Demand Spike From BA Outage The airline industry battle between full-service carriers and discounters looks like an increasingly unfair fight. With  British Airways still digging out of its weekend meltdown, Ryanair Holdings Plc reported higher profit and announced plans to accelerate its European expansion. It’s the latest sign that legacy carriers are groping for ways to compete beyond just offering customers less and less for higher fares. Travelers wait outside the U.K, Border Control area at Heathrow Airport. Photographer: Susan Warren/Bloomberg The looming danger for airlines like British Airways and Lufthansa is that no-frills carriers are putting increasing pressure on the main source of their profits: long-haul travel. Ryanair, which is also moving into main hubs from secondary airports, has signed deals to feed passengers to Air Europa, Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA and even Aer Lingus, which has the same parent as British Airways. If Norwegian can show that its ambitious long-haul budget model can work, then the air will indeed become very thin for Europe’s legacy carriers. “Events like what happened with BA at Heathrow and Gatwick can only be good for our business,” Ryanair Chief Executive Officer Michael O’Leary said in a Bloomberg TV interview. “We’re certainly seeing a build-up yesterday and today into June, July, August, of people who are not willing to take the risk that they’ll be stranded by BA at Heathrow.” O’Leary sees summer demand spike from BA outage. Source: Bloomberg Power Surge For now, British Airways has given frustrated passengers another reason to look elsewhere. Three days after a brief power surge knocked out its communications systems and froze the carrier’s entire London operations, the U.K.’s flag carrier struggled to explain how a local computer outage could strand thousands of passengers. “We will make an in-depth investigation to make sure we will get to the bottom of exactly why this happened,” Chief Executive Officer Alex Cruz said in a YouTube video posted late Monday. “We will react. Absolutely this will not happen again at British Airways.” That’s too little, too late for the at least 75,000 affected passengers. With nearly 600 flights canceled and luggage unable to be delivered, images and horror stories quickly coursed through social media. The Daily Mail ran a story of a young British woman “ in tears” as the chaos forced her to put off her wedding in Greece. So while British Airways continues to look for answers, Ryanair is pushing ahead with plans to increase its fleet by 12 percent by March 2018 and has sent the message to Boeing Co. that it will take every additional 737 it can get. “Ryanair seems to be succeeding at squaring the circle,” said Jonathan Wober, a London-based analyst at CAPA Centre for Aviation. As Ryanair expands into primary airports and adds more services, “that puts pressure on legacy airlines and incumbents.” Those aggressive expansion plans contrast with what’s happening at the likes of British Airways or labor strife-ridden Air France -- not to mention insolvent Alitalia. The fundamental problem for traditional network carriers is that air travel isn’t the elite luxury it used to be. It’s become a mass-market commodity, laden with onerous restrictions. It hardly matters who operates the Boeing or Airbus planes as long as travelers get to their destinations and so they gravitate toward the cheapest fares.  That’s an ideal environment for the likes of Ryanair and EasyJet Plc, which can pressure fares to gain market share. Europe’s second-largest budget airline also plans to bulk up its fleet by upgrading an order for 30 Airbus SE narrow-body aircraft to the biggest A321 variant, which the Luton-based company will deploy head-to-head with the legacies on the busiest city routes. “Short-haul air travel in the U.S., in Europe is becoming commoditized,” O’Leary said. “The lowest cost wins, and Ryanair is the lowest cost.” Meanwhile, British Airways is struggling to clean up its mess. A spokesman said passengers are being asked to pay to upgrade to first class on some long-haul flights when no economy seats are available. That’s a ticket that could cost about 11,000 pounds. On Norwegian Air, a one-way transatlantic trip goes for as little as 99 pounds. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Rich People Don’t Want Ivanka Trump’s Fashion Once Costly Deep-Sea Oil Turns Cheap, to OPEC's Dismay Emirates’ First Class is Becoming Even More Elite China Factory Gauge Holds Up as Global Economic Outlook Improves Chinese Workers Who Probed Ivanka Trump-Linked Factories Missing Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. TSX VENTURE : OML OTCQX : OLNCF May 30, 2017 08:30 ET Omni-Lite Industries Reports Strong First Quarter Results - Q1 revenue up 16% - Gross Margin up 130 basis points - Cash flow from operations up 55% - EBITDA up 70% - Earnings per share up 135% LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA--(Marketwired - May 30, 2017) - For the three months ended March 31, 2017, Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. (TSX VENTURE:OML)(OTCQX:OLNCF) (the "Company") is pleased to report revenue of $1,724,239 US, up 16% from Q1 in 2016. In the first three months of this fiscal year, cash flow from operations (1) was $529,264 US, up 55% over the same period last year. EBITDA (1) was $511,415 US, up 70% over the period. Net income in the first quarter was $368,195 US, up 116% over the 2016 period and earnings per share were $.04 US, up 135% for the three months. "By almost every financial metric the Company performed very well in the first quarter," stated David F Grant, CEO. "Of particular importance the Company's gross margin increased to over 61.3 percent in the first quarter, an increase of approximately 130 basis points from the gross margin attained in the same period of 2016." Omni-Lite is also pleased to note that it has received new contracts worth US$ 463,514 US. Of these orders 68% are in the Aerospace division, 18% are in the Sports and Recreation division and 14% are in the Specialty Automotive division, "This brings the total value of the new orders announced this year to over $3,270,000 US or $4,404,690 CAD at the exchange rate on May 29, 2017," stated Allen W. Maxin. "The acceleration of the Company's aerospace activities is highlighted by another recent development contract from a major customer. This program could lead to significant revenue in the near future." The company would also like to note that it has been reviewing with it's customers, the significant progress on the aerospace titanium program. "To assist in the development and qualification process leading to the finalization of the engineering specifications required for a production component, the company has hired, as of May 30, 2017, the ex-Director of Engineering from one of our customers," stated Michael Walker, VP of R and D." This should expedite the development cycle as this customer utilizes large quantities of these titanium components annually." SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS (US $) All figures in US dollars unless noted. Basic Weighted Average Shares Issued And Outstanding, March 31, 2017: 10,369,120 For the period ended March 31, 2017 For the period ended March 17, 2016 % Increase (Decrease) Revenue $ 1,724,239 $ 1,484,489 16 % Cash flow from operations(1) 529,264 341,800 55 % EBITDA(1) 511,415 300,357 70 % Net Income 368,195 170,220 116 % EPS (US) 0.04 0.02 135 % (1) Please see March 31, 2017 Management Discussion and Analysis for detailed notes and definitions For complete results, please visit www.sedar.com or request a copy from the Company. Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. is a rapidly growing high technology company that develops and manufactures precision components utilized by Fortune 500 companies including Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier, Embraer, Alcoa, Ford, Borg Warner, Chrysler, the U.S. Military, Nike, and adidas. Reader Advisory Except for statements of historical fact, this news release contains certain "forward-looking information" within the meaning of applicable securities law. Forward-looking information is frequently characterized by words such as "plan", "expect", "project", "intend", "believe", "anticipate", "estimate" and other similar words, or statements that certain events or conditions "may" or "will" occur. In particular, forward-looking information in this press release includes, but is not limited to the expected future performance of the Company. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking information are reasonable, there can be no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct. We cannot guarantee future results, performance or achievements. Consequently, there is no representation that the actual results achieved will be the same, in whole or in part, as those set out in the forward-looking information. Forward-looking information is based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the statements are made, and are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual events or results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking information. Some of the risks and other factors that could cause the results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking information include, but are not limited to: general economic conditions in Canada, the United States and globally; industry conditions, governmental regulation, including environmental regulation; unanticipated operating events or performance; failure to obtain industry partner and other third party consents and approvals, if and when required; the availability of capital on acceptable terms; the need to obtain required approvals from regulatory authorities; stock market volatility; competition for, among other things, capital, skilled personnel and supplies; changes in tax laws; and the other risk factors disclosed under our profile on SEDAR at www.sedar.com. Readers are cautioned that this list of risk factors should not be construed as exhaustive. The forward-looking information contained in this news release is expressly qualified by this cautionary statement. We undertake no duty to update any of the forward-looking information to conform such information to actual results or to changes in our expectations except as otherwise required by applicable securities legislation. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking information. Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. Contact Information Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. Mr. David Grant, CEO Tel. No. (562) 404-8510 or (800) 577-6664 Cell. No. (714) 757-8863 Email: d.grant@omni-lite.com Website: www.omni-lite.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Omni-Lite Industries Canada Inc. From this industry Professional Services From this sub-industry Advertising, PR and Marketing See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Defence LATEST NEWS Biometric attendance to axe fake civic workers in Bengaluru Seventy years together: Russia and India Centre likely to review rules on sale of cattle for slaughter Made-in-India arms will help us win wars: Arun Jaitley Besides court hearings, Supreme Court judges also have to do this non-judicial work ​ Advantage India: Tax and Investment Reforms Gautam Gambhir moves court over resto bar using his name Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt ET Home›News›Defence 10:34 AM | 31 Maymarket stats SENSEX 31,18121.40 NIFTY 50 9,6250.05 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,685-56.00 USD/INR 64.56-0.10 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Swiss could buy up to 70 new combat jets: Task force By Reuters | Updated: May 30, 2017, 05.26 PM IST Post a Comment The least expensive option would be procuring 20 jets and accompanying ground-based air defence systems for 5 billion francs. Generate Enquiries for your Business by Listing on Economictimes.com List Your Business Find Service Near You ZURICH: Switzerland could eventually be in the market for as many as 70 new fighter jets or as few as 20 under scenarios laid out on Tuesday by a defence ministry task force examining how to replace the neutral country's ageing air force fleet. The most expensive and powerful option would be to buy 55-70 aircraft and ground-based air defence weapons for an estimated 15 billion to 18 billion Swiss francs ($15.3-$18.4 billion), according to the report. It did not say which aircraft the government should consider. The least expensive option would be procuring 20 jets and accompanying ground-based air defence systems for 5 billion francs. Other options called for buying 40 or 30 new aircraft plus surface-to-air defence support. Switzerland is looking to replace its fleet of Boeing McDonnell Douglas F/A-18C and D Hornets and outdated Northrop F-5 Tigers, all of which are scheduled to be retired in the 2020s. The cheapest option would mean keeping the F/A-18s in service longer than planned, the panel said. It suggested the government decide by 2020 what kind of jets to buy and to finance the deal via the regular defence budget. That would help avoid the risk of having to subject the purchase to a popular referendum under the Swiss system of direct democracy. Voters in 2014 shot down plans to buy 22 Gripen E fighters made by Swedish company Saab AB. ($1 = 0.9802 Swiss francs) Comments(0)Add Comments Swiss could buy up to 70 new combat jets: Task force To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Sukhoi SU-30 combat jet lands at Agartala airport France offers EUR 1 billion to revive India's combat jet engine project World's smallest combat jet LCA Tejas' Mark-II avatar to be longer Women not fit to fly combat jets: IAF chief Arup Raha READ MORE ONzurich switzerlandSaab ABcombat jetsBoeing Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Find a State Farm® agent near you! State Farm Insurance NEW YORK Why Parents and Teens Will Both Love Smart Home S.. Alarm.com Learn More About the New Acura RLX & Find a Dealer Today AcuraMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES FPIs restart buying spree with full force: Samco Securities 70 is the new 60 for life insurance PLA equips all ground forces with new attack helicopters From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times The Most Daring Dresses on the Cannes Red Carpet Livingly Most Hilarious Windshield Notes You Have to See - You'll L.. OMG Check It Out 2017 best luxury sedans! savvy.search.com Top Luxury Sedan Cars of 2017. Don't Miss These Deals Luxury Sedans - Sponsored Ads Myanmar op: 70 commandos finish task in 40 minutes Jet Airways' shareholders approve JetLite merger with itself Reliance Brands forms JV with Swiss luxury brand Bally Soccer-Swiss championship results and standings Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Indian Army is unmistakably changing, and General Bipin Rawat is at the heart of this great churn Ambani saga: Bada bhai Mukesh's dream gives chhota bhai Anil the nightmares JioFiber set to spark price war with Diwali launch; likely to offer 100 GB data for Rs 500 3.5 billion invoices every month! All about the technology that GST will bank on from July With lens on Rs 5 lakh crore of loans, government turns focus on 50 top stressed accounts More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebNarendra Modi in Spain|Top 10 mutual funds RERA|Xiaomi Redmi 4 Review BSE Sensex|Gold rate today Sensex Live Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 34° Air Quality: PSI 45-59 We set you thinking Wednesday 31 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Asia Australia Americas Europe Middle East Africa Quirky World newstream Singapore StarHub launches new data sharing plan 1496211240 Singapore Downtown Line 3 to open on Oct 21 1496213460 Singapore 22 people with disabilities receive SkillsFuture Study Award 1496213825 Entertainment Sgt Pepper at 50: Still full of joy and whimsy 1496213818 Lifestyle SilkAir to launch non-stop flights between Singapore and Hiroshima 1496155320 Business China steel PMI rises to one-year high in May; risks rising 1496210826 Business China May factory activity holds up on boost from steel, construction 1496210826 World Japan PM says he wants to work with China to resolve North Korea crisis 1496210317 World Huge car bomb near embassies in Afghan capital kills or wounds dozens 1496208618 Business Asia stocks cap fifth month of gains on China relief; sterling slips 1496208825 Singapore Brothel operator to hang for bludgeoning pimp to death 1496202540 Business Toshiba unable to present audited results at end-June shareholders meeting 1496208217 Business 'Green' mutual funds bounce back after Trump-induced retreat 1496208365 Business Venezuelan opposition condemns Goldman for $2.8 billion bond deal 1496191638 World At least 67 wounded in Kabul car bomb blast: official 1496207207 Singapore NKF appoints new CEO, 6 months after sacking former chief for ‘personal indiscretion’ 1496201760 China&India Chinese gang refill empty cans of Budweiser with 'beer' from a plastic tub 1496206380 World Indonesian ‘rainbow village’ is internet sensation 1496204818 Business Exxon steps up efforts to sway shareholders on climate-report vote 1496203771 World South Korea defense ministry 'intentionally dropped' THAAD units in report: Blue House 1496203602 China&India South-east Asia finds China love as Xi pushes One Belt, One Road 1496189760 China&India Daughter in Hong Kong incest case had sex with father so he would not marry his fiancée, court hears 1496190420 Singapore Web app helps parents, students narrow down school choices 1496144580 Entertainment Crazy Rich Asians movie, set in Singapore, 'will make history': Author Kevin Kwan 1496200620 World Three Malaysian students in UK detained over Manchester blast probe 1496186220 World Activist probing Ivanka Trump's brands in China arrested: rights group 1496202158 Singapore S$4m study to help Singaporeans manage chronic conditions 1496174520 Sports Man Utd ranked as Europe's most valuable club 1496201220 Singapore Homegrown formula milk brand eyes bigger market share with affordable prices 1496174520 Business Singapore ranked most ‘digitally competitive’ in the world 1496174520 Singapore Man jailed for sexual assault of schoolgirl, 9, in broad daylight 1496158500 China&India Emirates tells cabin crew to remove Taiwan flag pins after Chinese government urges one-China compliance 1496201460 Singapore I.T. firm, cafe among companies that raised salaries 1496174520 Singapore Two charged after wrecking Teochew porridge stall 1496197800 World South Korea returns six North Koreans rescued at sea 1496201050 World Philippines urges Islamist rebels to surrender as battle enters eighth day 1496139369 World Ominous signs of an Asian hub for Islamic State in the Philippines 1496201162 Entertainment Apple Music sets Aug 8 as new release date for Carpool Karaoke 1496199424 World Free school meals help Indonesian children stand tall 1496199417 World Ghanaian woman, walking into Canada from U.S., dies of hypothermia: police 1496198757 Singapore Wake up to a better you 1496047620 Entertainment Olivia Newton-John reveals new cancer 25 years later 1496196124 World Mexico's top diplomat says Venezuela is no longer a democracy 1496195464 Business SGX partners with IMDA to spur IPOs 1496194921 Voices Breadth is crucial in lifelong learning 1496194325 Business Uber fires self-driving car chief at center of court case 1496181732 World Battle over pipeline to divide Canada's left, weigh on Trudeau 1496191381 Business Wall Street slips as energy, financials lose ground 1496175150 Singapore Fatten up your brain 1495792080 Singapore A gut feeling 1495791180 World Swiss could buy up to 70 new combat jets: task force A F/A-18C Hornet fighter jet of the Swiss Air Force is pictured during a presentation at the airbase in Payerne. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 7:40 PM, May 30, 2017 ZURICH - Switzerland could eventually be in the market for as many as 70 new fighter jets or as few as 20 under scenarios laid out on Tuesday by a defense ministry task force examining how to replace the neutral country's aging air force fleet. The most expensive and powerful option would be to buy 55-70 aircraft and ground-based air defense weapons for an estimated 15 billion to 18 billion Swiss francs ($15.3-$18.4 billion), according to the report. It did not say which aircraft the government should consider. The least expensive option would be procuring 20 jets and accompanying ground-based air defense systems for 5 billion francs. Other options called for buying 40 or 30 new aircraft plus surface-to-air defense support. Switzerland is looking to replace its fleet of Boeing McDonnell Douglas F/A-18C and D Hornets and outdated Northrop F-5 Tigers, all of which are scheduled to be retired in the 2020s. The cheapest option would mean keeping the F/A-18s in service longer than planned, the panel said. It suggested the government decide by 2020 what kind of jets to buy and to finance the deal via the regular defense budget. That would help avoid the risk of having to subject the purchase to a popular referendum under the Swiss system of direct democracy. Voters in 2014 shot down plans to buy 22 Gripen E fighters made by Swedish company Saab AB. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most World READ COMMENTED ﻿From Trump’s Mar-a-Lago to Facebook, a national security crisis in the open  Extreme religious acts mark Good Friday in the Philippines “Fear of the future” fuels killings in Japan ‘Zombie’ birds fall from sky in Moscow ‘You’re fat’ card prompts London police action ‘Un-Islamic to forbid non-Muslims from joining Muslims to break fast’ ‘Shocked’ Moon orders probe into Thaad additions ‘I pretend everything is OK’: single mothers shunned Zuma says not against anti-graft probe as ANC grandees gather Zookeeper killed by tiger at English zoo: BBC White House says Trump, Merkel 'get along very well' Wheelchair users aim to make beach barrier free for the disabled What self-driving cars see Vietnam-linked hackers likely targeting Philippines over South China Sea dispute: FireEye Vietnam man kills wedding guest after karaoke row Inside Today World Japan PM says he wants to work with China to resolve North Korea crisis Huge car bomb near embassies in Afghan capital kills or wounds dozens At least 67 wounded in Kabul car bomb blast: official Indonesian ‘rainbow village’ is internet sensation South Korea defense ministry 'intentionally dropped' THAAD units in report: Blue House Business China steel PMI rises to one-year high in May; risks rising China May factory activity holds up on boost from steel, construction Asia stocks cap fifth month of gains on China relief; sterling slips 'Green' mutual funds bounce back after Trump-induced retreat Toshiba unable to present audited results at end-June shareholders meeting Sports Man Utd ranked as Europe's most valuable club Climbers, ice-skaters win their first SOF-Peter Lim Scholarships China’s table tennis coach suspended over MBS debt Eleven Sports Network criticised for EPL match choices, streaming quality Stephan Widmer new head coach of S’pore swimming Entertainment Sgt Pepper at 50: Still full of joy and whimsy Crazy Rich Asians movie, set in Singapore, 'will make history': Author Kevin Kwan Apple Music sets Aug 8 as new release date for Carpool Karaoke Olivia Newton-John reveals new cancer 25 years later Nathan Hartono claims woman in Edmund Chen case tried to scam him About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Swiss could buy up to 70 new combat jets: task force Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States World News | Tue May 30, 2017 | 7:33am EDT Swiss could buy up to 70 new combat jets: task force A F/A-18C Hornet fighter jet of the Swiss Air Force is pictured during a presentation at the airbase in Payerne, Switzerland March 27, 2017. REUTERS/Denis Balibouse ZURICH Switzerland could eventually be in the market for as many as 70 new fighter jets or as few as 20 under scenarios laid out on Tuesday by a defense ministry task force examining how to replace the neutral country's aging air force fleet. The most expensive and powerful option would be to buy 55-70 aircraft and ground-based air defense weapons for an estimated 15 billion to 18 billion Swiss francs ($15.3-$18.4 billion), according to the report. It did not say which aircraft the government should consider. The least expensive option would be procuring 20 jets and accompanying ground-based air defense systems for 5 billion francs. Other options called for buying 40 or 30 new aircraft plus surface-to-air defense support. Switzerland is looking to replace its fleet of Boeing McDonnell Douglas F/A-18C and D Hornets and outdated Northrop F-5 Tigers, all of which are scheduled to be retired in the 2020s. The cheapest option would mean keeping the F/A-18s in service longer than planned, the panel said. It suggested the government decide by 2020 what kind of jets to buy and to finance the deal via the regular defense budget. That would help avoid the risk of having to subject the purchase to a popular referendum under the Swiss system of direct democracy. Voters in 2014 shot down plans to buy 22 Gripen E fighters made by Swedish company Saab AB. (Reporting by Michael Shields; Editing by Greg Mahlich) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In World News South Korea defense ministry 'intentionally dropped' THAAD units in report: Blue House SEOUL South Korea's Defense Ministry "intentionally dropped" mentioning that four more launchers had been deployed for the controversial U.S. THAAD anti-missile system in a report to President Moon Jae-in's top aides, his office said on Wednesday. Venezuelan opposition condemns Goldman for $2.8 billion bond deal CARACAS/NEW YORK (Reuters/IFR) - Goldman Sachs Group Inc's statement that it never transacted directly with the government of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro when it bought $2.8 billion of bonds for pennies on the dollar was dismissed by the country's opposition on Tuesday as an effort to "put lipstick on this pig." Philippines says Islamists keep up week-long fight with prisoners, looted guns MARAWI, Philippines A week-long assault by Islamist rebels in a southern Philippine city is being fueled with stolen weapons and ammunition and fighters broken out of jails, the military said on Wednesday, as troops battled militants resisting ground and air attacks. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Swiss could buy up to 70 new combat jets - task force By Reuters Published: 07:34 EDT, 30 May 2017 | Updated: 07:34 EDT, 30 May 2017 e-mail ZURICH, May 30 (Reuters) - Switzerland could eventually be in the market for as many as 70 new fighter jets or as few as 20 under scenarios laid out on Tuesday by a defence ministry task force examining how to replace the neutral country's ageing air force fleet. The most expensive and powerful option would be to buy 55-70 aircraft and ground-based air defence weapons for an estimated 15 billion to 18 billion Swiss francs ($15.3-$18.4 billion), according to the report. It did not say which aircraft the government should consider. The least expensive option would be procuring 20 jets and accompanying ground-based air defence systems for 5 billion francs. Other options called for buying 40 or 30 new aircraft plus surface-to-air defence support. Switzerland is looking to replace its fleet of Boeing McDonnell Douglas F/A-18C and D Hornets and outdated Northrop F-5 Tigers, all of which are scheduled to be retired in the 2020s. The cheapest option would mean keeping the F/A-18s in service longer than planned, the panel said. It suggested the government decide by 2020 what kind of jets to buy and to finance the deal via the regular defence budget. That would help avoid the risk of having to subject the purchase to a popular referendum under the Swiss system of direct democracy. Voters in 2014 shot down plans to buy 22 Gripen E fighters made by Swedish company Saab AB. ($1 = 0.9802 Swiss francs) (Reporting by Michael Shields; Editing by Greg Mahlich) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Making a splash Down Under! Pippa and new hubby James Matthews climb into a water taxi in Sydney as they take honeymoon to Australia after private island trip Issy Simpson soars through to BGT final amid 'fix' claims as she and Matt Edwards receive the most votes... after Alesha nearly RUINED her trick 'Hello, young lady!' Lionel Richie FaceTimes daughter Sofia while she cavorts around France with 'sex addict' pal Scott Disick  New companion Coleen Rooney highlights her svelte frame in a plunging cream beach dress as she joins husband Wayne and their sons for Barbados beach day 'I wish it was you that was dead and not mum': Jeff Brazier reveals 'worst thing' his sons have said to him as they deal with their mother Jade Goody's death 14 reasons a staycation is better than going abroad SPONSORED  'I was treated like a freak': Former Strictly judge Arlene Phillips was told she wouldn't be able to bond with her daughter after giving birth aged 47 Censoring herself! Kylie Jenner places emojis over her sheer bra as she promotes lip kit on Snapchat Maintained her modesty with stars 'She's back!' Victoria's Secret announces official return of Angel Candice Swanepoel eight months after birth of son Getting her wings back Top of the crops! Jetsetting Kendall Jenner flashes tummy as she catches late night flight out of LA... less than a week after returning from Cannes 'Chasing waterfalls'! Lauren Pope showcases her enviable abs and sizzling curves in a cobalt blue bikini as she parties in Marbella Bikini babe Scott free! Kourtney Kardashian looks in high spirits as she steps out with little Mason...as her ex Disick parties with bevy of bikini girls in Cannes 'I feel really sad and old': Nadia Sawalha, 52, breaks down in tears as she shows balding patches caused by perimenopause Emotional  'I put myself into relationship rehab': Caroline Flack admits she had a year-long romance detox... but is in now in a 'brilliant place' with someone 'Why is Alesha dressed like a daffodil'? BGT judge Dixon divides fans in a ruffled yellow mini dress... as Amanda Holden is praised for dazzling gold gown Don't Look Back In Anger: Liam Gallagher delivers rousing performance at fundraising concert for Manchester terror attack victims Ariana Grande will be joined by Katy Perry and Miley Cyrus as she takes to the stage for star-studded benefit concert in aid of Manchester victims Olivia Newton-John, 68, reveals breast cancer has returned and spread to her back 25 years after she was first diagnosed  Cancelled tour 'I went too far': Kathy Griffin apologises for posting a video of Trump's 'severed head' on social media Secret Service is investigating threats Hotpant-clad Holly Willoughby GRINDS alongside Bradley Walsh's wife Donna as she shows off her sexy dance moves in cheeky clip  Britney Spears shows off impressive abs in revealing red bra top before heading off to Japan to launch her world tour Across Asia before Israel 'Producers were not happy and won't tolerate this': Britain's Got Talent semi-finalist Ali Rasul, 16, 'receives warning over sexist and racially insensitive' tweets I write to ministers just like my dad, says William: Duke of Cambridge reveals his interest in politics during GQ interview but insists he doesn't 'lobby' them  'They are really worried for him': Kourtney Kardashian and family share concern over Scott Disick behavior 'Big night!' Jennifer Lopez promotes premiere of World Of Dance on Instagram with help of Alex Rodriguez New NBC dancing show EXCLUSIVE: Billionaire father of Bella and Gigi Hadid pleads 'NO CONTEST' to criminally violating building regulations and faces possible JAIL The disappearance of a lover, her daughter's health issues and now a second brave battle with cancer: Olivia Newton-John has faced more than her share of trials 'She is feeling good and confident of a total healing': Olivia Newton-John's longtime friend claims the Grease star is staying 'positive' after second diagnosis 'My friend and mentor': Delta Goodrem sends her 'deepest love' to Olivia Newton-John after cancer diagnosis... after The Voice star battled Hodgkin's lymphoma Tyra Banks makes debut as new host of America's Got Talent but ventriloquist Darci Lynn Farmer, 12, steals the show Back with a bang Bella Hadid flaunts her pert derriere in racy thong-style bikini as she takes the driver's seat on a jet ski with Lewis Hamilton during wild day of partying in Monaco Sex symbol of a generation: The first Bond girl to strip off, Molly Peters, passes away at the age of 75  Cause of death as yet unknown Love Island 2016 stars Tina Stinnes and Zara Holland lead reality pack at Twisted Halo event in Manchester... as new crop of contestants are announced PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Giving love another try? Sean Penn acts the gent and lugs the bags as he jets off with Robin Wright... 7 years after divorce 'I'm proud of my fat': Heavily pregnant Danielle Lloyd reveals she's been body shamed by trolls who claim she looks like a 'washed up whale' Not making the cut! Stranger Things star Millie Bobby Brown auditioned for role in Wolverine movie Logan... but lost out to Dafne Keen Happy Days star Erin Moran did not have any illicit drugs in her system as final autopsy results confirm she died from cancer Stage 4 cancer  Riviera chic! Pippa Matthews sports black and white $800 Kate Spade dress - as she descends a ladder onto Sydney water taxi with new husband James Pippa Middleton dines on RAW kangaroo as she takes a sea plane with husband James Matthews to an exclusive Sydney restaurant That's a sparkler! Pippa Middleton's new wedding band sets off her $340,000 diamond engagement ring perfectly as she steps out at Sydney Harbour Double the beauty: Thandie Newton and Evan Rachel Wood look stunning as they lobby for Emmy nominations for HBO's Westworld Well-dressed duo Keeping it casual! Sarah Silverman wears hooded top and jeans to event promoting her new standup special Keeping up youthful appearances 'You made yourself younger with magic, Amanda uses botox!' Simon Cowell nearly gets a soaking from Ms Holden after being left in awe of child magician Braless Alexa Chung teases a glimpse of her assets in a semi-sheer green gown as she lets her hair down at the launch of new fashion collection Doggy diva! Mariah Carey cuddles her pet pooches Cha Cha and Jill E Beans... as they score free Wag dog walking FOR LIFE  Something borrowed... Emmy Rossum recycles her wedding flowers by donating them to Mount Sinai Hospital in New York City Mommy and son time! Alessandra Ambrosio steps out with five-year-old Noah in Los Angeles after family Memorial Day break in Malibu Stylish in stripes 'Thank you for being open': Viewers flock to Twitter to praise The Chase star Paul 'Sinnerman' Sinha as he reveals he is gay for first time on TV quiz Brooklyn Decker mixes and matches with leather jacket and white silk skirt at Band Aid premiere The 30-year-old wife of tennis star Andy Roddick Tiger Woods had flat tires and fresh damage to his car when he was found asleep at the wheel: Golf star 'didn't know' why he was taking four prescription drugs Sheer are the best of pals! Daisy Lowe flashes her underwear in sheer skirt as she joins casually cool Pixie Geldof for Alexa Chung's fashion launch SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt self harms as family free her from evil Nathan's clutches...but he tries her to lure her abroad in evil sex ring plot Rebel Wilson's mother reveals how she 'bent to pressure' six weeks after her birth and changed her daughter's name to Melanie Elizabeth 'It's shameful and disgraceful': Tearful Rebel Wilson accuses publisher of 'bullying and intimidating' her during her cross examination at trial The new normal: Jennifer Garner and little Samuel walk sisters Violet and Seraphina to school after Ben Affleck finally moves out 'I've always been healthy': Lily James slams bodyshamers after being branded 'too thin'... as she reveals her shock at actresses being told to lose weight That's not very Mad Max! Action hero Tom Hardy takes his bike for a spin in London... but lets down his hardman image as he is spotted with L plates Looking good! Melanie Griffith goes makeup-free as she shows off her slim and trim figure in black athletic gear while out in LA Sporty Eminem helps raise almost £2million to support the victims of the Manchester terror attack in the wake of tragedy at Ariana Grande concert Annabelle Wallis flashes her cleavage in glittering pink gown with a cut-out at the bust as she joins co-star Sofia Boutella at The Mummy premiere in Paris Precious bundle! Natalie Portman steps out with baby Amalia for first time as she gives her daughter a loving cuddle on outing Gave birth in February 'Is it true that Mummy's dead?': Prince Harry's heartbreaking words to Charles as the royals carried on as normal and attended church just hours after news Sun's out, guns out! Ryan Phillippe shows off musclebound arms as he enjoys lunch with ex-fiancee Paulina Slagter Ryan showed off his musclebound arms A lady a day: Scott Disick, 34, gets VERY close to Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries as he rings in a week of steamy parties with woman NUMBER SEVEN in Monaco 'The delay is creating the vision': Filmmaker James Cameron defends 10 year gap between Avatar and Avatar 2 Fantasy sequel  Make-up free Lily Collins cuts a casual yet chic figure in leggings and khaki jacket as she grabs a coffee after hitting the gym  Keeping it casual 'I do not want them sat there with a 10 course menu with champagne': Millionaire Gordon Ramsay defends decision to make children fly economy Bikini-clad Sofia Richie is joined by a bevy of pals as she enjoys another idyllic cruise on the French Riviera with Scott Disick Another day in the sun 'A truly good soul': Lisa Kudrow pays tribute to The Comeback co-star Robert Michael Morris as actor dies at 77 Comeback co-star  'He is the only actor I ever asked for an autograph': Bond star Pierce Brosnan reveals profound impact 'hero' Roger Moore had on him in tribute to late actor Rolf Harris hired private investigators to dig up dirt on his victims: Disgraced entertainer's plot to clear his name sparks fury  Packing on the PDA! Derek Hough and girlfriend Hayley Erbert enjoy a rare day off together by cozying up lakeside Smitten  'He had the cleanest bill of health': Alan Thicke's widow Tanya Callau says her husband had his heart checked two months before sudden death Holding a torch! Rob Kardashian posts childhood photos of Blac Chyna with gushing captions calling her 'My little Angela' and 'the woman I love' Missing him already? Khloe Kardashian looks downcast in casual clothing as she jets home from visiting Tristan Thompson Glum Back in his arms! Bella Thorne goes on a date to a burger bar with ex Gregg Sulkin after Scott Disick 'humiliation' in Cannes Reunited  'We have a very normal life': Joe Wicks discusses his romance with glamour model girlfriend Rosie Jones... but refuses to share their relationship online Diesel get them going: Leggy Lauren Goodger wears skimpy one-piece and oversized denim jacket to make a pit-stop at a petrol station Not the jealous type! Richard Gere's younger girlfriend Alejandra Silva laughs as her sex symbol beau is kissed by another woman Making a meal of it! Heidi Klum, 43, and toyboy lover Vito Schnabel, 30, go for romantic cruise in Greece before heading to dinner Giddy up! Gigi Hadid shows off her supermodel style as she struts around New York City in knee-high riding boots Stepping out  Clarkson's in the pink: Petrolhead presenter poses with two large bottles of rosé as he celebrates his girlfriend's birthday in the south of France  Ashley Tisdale enjoys romantic stroll with husband after twerking up a storm with bestie Vanessa Hudgens over weekend Cheeky Top Chef star Padma Lakshmi shows off her sizzling body and toned physique in a skimpy red hot bikini as she holidays in Denver  Scarlet siren 'We didn't even punch each other!': Piers Morgan shares a joke with former nemesis Jeremy Clarkson in St Tropez... after putting decade-long feud to rest A superhero movie with the woman in charge? Wonders never cease! JAN MOIR on the female-friendly comic-book blockbuster  Centre stage Keri Russell looks sensational in skintight leather pants and semi sheer top as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel after getting Hollywood Star 'I naturally have black hair': Real Housewives star Kim Zolciak reveals she's not a real blonde as she admits she's now 95% gray Makeover Hand in hand! Hollywood beauty Zoe Saldana enjoys a sunny stroll with her two-year-old twin sons Cy and Bowie Family time  Last night a DJ saved my life! TOWIE star Lauren Pope flashes her pert derriere in a see through kaftan skirt at Sisu Hotel in Marbella Glamorous 'My wife is in ill health and we simply want to spend our remaining time together': Rolf Harris, 87, speaks of 'relief' after jury fails to reach verdict 'You did the right thing': Incredible moment a 'shaking' Queen was comforted by a royal fan as she faced public backlash after Diana's death Tat's a little cheeky! Pink shares snap of inked-up husband Carey Hart in just a tiny bathing suit  Nearly suffered a wardrobe malfunction So Scandalous! Leggy Alesha Dixon turns up the heat in scarlet open-shoulder mini dress and gold killer heels as she steps out in Soho Red hot 'It is such a comfort to know it will get better': Zoe Ball responds to fans about how she is dealing with grief... following death of boyfriend Billy Yates Trying to impress Billy Elliot? Make-up free Kate Mara leaves a ballet class in LA without her famous dancer beau Jamie Bell We won't take that! Row over Robbie Williams summer house hots up as four neighbours complain to the council over his 'whimsical' folly Cheeky! Hayley Roberts, 37, gives fiancé David Hasselhoff, 64, a pat on the rear before packing on the PDA at Baywatch event in Berlin Vicky Pattison posts yet another raunchy snap in a saucy strappy bikini... a day after showing off her curves in a black number Looking good 'For the record I'm a MASSIVE size 8/10': Rebekah Vardy hits back at vile troll who fat-shamed her 'mum tum' in holiday snap with baby Finley Revealed: Nashville star Powers Boothe suffered fatal heart attack while battling pancreatic cancer Died at 68 after suffering a heart attack Domestic bliss! The Bachelor couple Vanessa Grimaldi & Nick Viall go shopping for homewares in Montreal Smitten It's Instagram official! Ryan Seacrest's girlfriend Shayna Terese Taylor shares sweet snap of couple during romantic getaway Loved up Model family! Former JLS star JB Gill and his wife Chloe enjoy a fun-filled family outing with their son Ace at Legoland Doting dad 'Open for business!': Bethenny Frankel reveals she is ready to date again after split from banker Dennis Shields Sad split 'We've scheduled in a break': MIC's Sam Thompson and Tiffany Watson plan to split... but AFTER they jet off for one last romantic break Still a Son Of Anarchy: Scruffy Charlie Hunnam takes his Harley out for a ride in Los Angeles Cruising around town Elisabeth Moss dazzles in an elegant sheer gown as she joins glamorous co-star Gwendoline Christie at Top of the Lake China Girl screening Moved on? Paris Jackson snuggles up to a mystery man three months after split from boyfriend Michael Snoddy  New man? Goodbye, Windy City! Kristin Cavallari and Jay Cutler list their 1.5 acre Chicago sprawl for $4.75million Getting ready to move to Nashville Breast it's going to get! Lauren Pope displays her toned abs and plenty of underboob in sizzling bikini selfie She knows how to get attention EXCLUSIVE: Tori Spelling blows off last chance to make amends and defaults on $220k bank loan just months after $87k credit card debt 'An evil b***h and a fraud!' TOWIE's Jon Clark claims he's been dating and living with Love Island newbie Chloe Crowhurst for SEVEN MONTHS 'I couldn't get anyone to understand': Pretty Little Liars star Troian Bellisario discusses her battle with anorexia in Interview magazine Eating disorder Alexandra Daddario flaunts her cleavage in plunging LBD as Kelly Rohrbach dazzles in silver mini for Baywatch's Berlin premiere Back to work! Jaden Smith puts Twitter tirade about 'cheese-spiked' pancake behind him as Cara Delevingne blows him a kiss on set of A Life In A Year 'I was fighting with everyone!' Robert Pattinson's extreme method acting nearly cost him breakout Twilight role Almost fired Diane Kruger bet against director that In The Fade 'wouldn't make Cannes'... and has to get an 'anchor tattoo' after film proved a triumph Lost her bet 'We had a hitch, but it's live TV': St Patrick's School choirmaster dismisses claims the kids mimed on Britain's Got Talent... as they 'didn't realise' hiccup Sam Faiers looks sensational figure in skinny jeans and a floral blouse as she cradles son Paul on family day out 'She was a mentor!' The Brady Bunch cast share their fond memories of their late TV mother Florence Henderson Paying tribute You need the patience of a saint to sit through these tales of sin: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  BBC1's Broken Wining and dining! Mariah Carey and her toy boy love Bryan Tanaka toast to their rekindled love in Napa Looking pretty cosy again Let's roll! Emma Roberts and Hayden Christensen lark around on pizza delivery scooter on set of new film Full speed ahead 'Believe in yourself!' Shirtless Ricky Whittle displays his sculpted physique for Men's Fitness... as he reflects on unlikely journey from Hollyoaks to Hollywood 'Arg being back triggered her decision': Lydia Bright QUITS TOWIE to avoid storylines with comeback king ex James Argent 'He's dead to them': Scott Disick has 'burned his bridges with the Kardashians after courting SIX younger women to make Kourtney jealous' Make-up free Luisa Zissman shows off slimline post-baby body as she enjoys a shopping trip with her daughter Post-baby Bella Hadid showcases her slender physique as she takes centre stage in smouldering new promotional campaign for Bulgari accessories 'She didn't want to miss seeing her': Nicole Kidman plans small gathering with mother Janelle ahead of milestone 50th birthday Carmelo and La La Anthony decide to delay divorce... but have no plans to reconcile In no rush to file for divorce, but have no plans to reconcile 'I do love a teeny tiny bikini': Model Shanina Shaik announced as head of new British swimwear campaign She's not shy at all  Leggy Priyanka Chopra wows in a thigh-grazing lace mini dress as she graces the red carpet for the Berlin premiere of new movie Baywatch Doing herself Justice! Leggy Victoria displays her endless pins in checked swimsuit and silver heels as she poses for stunning magazine shoot Busty Kate Wright shows off her incredible frame in an array of eye-popping bikinis as she advertises swimwear collection Former TOWIE star Heavily-pregnant Beyoncé exhibits her growing baby bump as she showers daughter Blue Ivy with affection ahead of birth of twins On bump watch Twinning! Jessica Biel and Justin Timberlake wear nearly identical outfits as they hitch a lift on a golf cart to catch their private jet New mum Amy Childs reveals she has re-homed her beloved bulldog Leo as he became 'jealous' of her month-old daughter 'My ray of sunshine!' Stephanie Davis dotes on son Caben after spending weekend with Jeremy McConnell... as she 'plans move to Hollywood' 'The most glorious husband!' Neil Patrick Harris pays loving tribute to David Burkta on his birthday Shared a touching tribute Cannes I go back? 'Hot felon' Jeremy Meeks returns to normality as he heads out with friends in LA... after mingling with A-Listers at annual Film Festival Dame Judi Dench appears as Queen Victoria in the first official poster for upcoming biographical drama Victoria & Abdul 'All I Wanna Do... Is Fart On You!' Sheryl Crow jokes about how her young sons mock her 'super corny' music She's a cheeky one!  Squad goals! Margot Robbie and husband Tom Ackerley ditch Cannes film festival for holiday in the French Riviera with friends Daddy cool! Ryan Gosling looks relaxed as he enjoys a trip to the playground with daughter Esmeralda in LA Quality time Ozzy and Sharon Osbourne's neighbours complain over plans for a doggie day care on the couple's £5m estate - claiming the 'constant barking' would make them 'lose the plot' Ex On The Beef! Zahida Allen left in tears as beau Sean Pratt hurls a DRINK in her FACE before seizing her phone during fuming row following Scotty T snog Salma Hayek looks spring chic in ruffled floral dress as she attends Gucci Cruise 2018 show in Florence with husband Francois-Henri Pinault 'You feel like everybody is watching...' Plus-size model Ashley Graham admits she still feels SHY about unveiling her famous curves in a bikini  EXCLUSIVE: 'Stephen wants 10 kids!' Charlotte Crosby on starting a family and planning a 'lovely big wedding' with boyfriend Bear He's a natural! Smiling Prince Harry welcomes veterans to Buckingham Palace as he hosts his first ever garden party on behalf of the Queen In cheerful form Gym bunny Rosie Fortescue shows off her impressively toned tum in skimpy red bikini as she shares more sizzling snaps from her Maldives getaway 'Get the f**k out!' Bachelorette Rachel Lindsay throws suitor out after it is revealed he has a GIRLFRIEND The 31-year-old cut down her ranks Daredevil star Elden Henson files for divorce from wife of two years Kira Sternbach Had tied the knot with Neighbors actress Kira in April 2014 Chloe Madeley shows off her enviably taut abs as she strips down to her bra and knickers for racy Instagram snap  Witness the fi Radiant Rochelle Humes shows off her incredible post-baby body in floral mini dress and studded heels as she heads home from Lorraine Abs-flashing Imogen Thomas struggles to contain her ample assets in tiny sports bra as she enjoys al fresco workout   Flaunting every inch SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Eva Price strips down to racy lingerie to seduce cheating boyfriend Aidan Connor as she plans to PROPOSE Al-garve what she's having: Frankie Essex continues to show off her incredible weight loss transformation in very skimpy gold bikini on holiday in Portugal 'Kidding around': Amber Heard dotes on Elon Musk's children as actress enjoys blossoming romance with billionaire  Sightseeing in Sydney Bikini-clad Ariel Winter strikes a series of provocative poses as she spends Memorial Day USA at the beach with her boyfriend Showing her curves Gary Barlow, Mark Owen and Howard Donald are pursued by zombies as they give This Morning viewers a sneak peek at ghoulish new Take That video Narcos star Wagner Moura wishes Noel Gallagher a happy 50th birthday after being 'impressed' by his 'cocaine-themed' birthday party Back to her roots! Selma Blair's natural hair colour shines through as she steps out with ring on her RIGHT hand to dismiss engagement rumours Good Morning America hosts gush over Teresa Palmer's new horror flick Berlin Syndrome as she reveals husband Mark Webber thinks her obsession with scary films is 'weird' Kim Kardashian says there's almost no chance mum Kris Jenner will ever speak to ex-husband Caitlyn again Furious about memoir  Newly-single Gaz Beadle gets VERY close to Ibiza Weekender's Bethan Kershaw on night out... after denying he cheated on ex-girlfriend Emma McVey Clooney on a tight leash before birth: Actor reveals he was banned from attending his own humanitarian 'Oscars' as event was too close to their arrival  'Critics had their venom ready': Dwayne Johnson hits back as Baywatch is subject to bad reviews... after being branded a 'flop'  'Pelvic thrusts make me blush!' Davina McCall shows off taut abs in a sports bra as she demonstrates workout move in funny Instagram clip Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson exhibits her slender pins in daring leotard during filming... as she reveals body dysmorphia battle gave her perspective  The abs factor! Braless Louisa Johnson flashes her toned tum in a mesh crop top as she arrives for radio appearance Girl next door, no more Turner-ing heads! TOWIE's Amber shows off her sensational physique in neon bikini complete with blingy adornments during Marbella trip 'Such a kind heart': Emily Maynard pays tribute after Bachelorette contestant Michael Nance is found dead at 31 Sad news  'What the f**k are we gonna do?' Love Island's Cally-Jane Beech and Luis Morrison reveal initial alarm at baby daughter's arrival... after their romance 'fell apart' In a Klass of her own: Myleene looks summery in red floral frilly jumpsuit with cape detail as she heads to radio station Fashion fan Dakota Johnson puts on an unusually busty display in plunging floral dress as she attends Gucci show in Italy with sisters Stella Banderas and Grace Johnson Pregnant Heidi Montag goes make-up free as she shows off her blossoming baby bump in a low-key hoodie Pregnancy is suiting her down to the ground Roo's looking at you, kid! Coleen looks incredible in red bikini on the beach in Barbados... as delighted son Kai flies off his inflatable ring Bor-at the beach! Isla Fisher and shirtless husband Sacha Baron Cohen join friend Jason Bateman and their children in Malibu Famous families Blazin' Squad star, a 'stuck-up b***h' and a BOMB disposer once linked to Prince Harry... Love Island RETURNS with a bevy of colourful 'romantics' Good Morning Britain viewers are sent into meltdown over unrecognisable 90s boyband Hanson... as they make a comeback 20 years after MMMBop EOTB's Nicole Bass flaunts phenomenally toned abs in skimpy white bikini as she locks lips with love rat beau Jacques Fraser during romantic Ibiza trip 'Someone's getting laid tonight': Mila Kunis swoons at husband Ashton Kutcher's compliment in rare US reality show cameo On The Bachelorette 'I'm hot on contraception!' Olivia Buckland is NOT ready for kids with 'broody' fiancé Alex Bowen... with fears her boobs would 'hit the floor' Ellie Bamber displays her legs in thigh-skimming black skirt as she touches down in Japan The Surrey born star, 20, showed off her legs 'I always felt like second best': TOWIE's Chris Clark reveals the REAL reason behind Jesy Nelson split... as he gushes about Amber Dowding 'He is a sexy b*****d': Rochelle Humes is forced to apologise after Bridget Jones author Helen Fielding SWEARS live on breakfast TV  Lost in the moment Bikini-clad Blue Peter star Zoe Salmon flaunts her enviable curves in sizzling retro inspired two-piece during sun-soaked Barbados break Hourglass figure 'Super excited' former MIC star Cheska Hull reveals she's PREGNANT as she returns to show for best pal Binky Felstead's baby shower  Blac Chyna is spotted on FaceTime with a mystery man... following split from on/off boyfriend Rob Kardashian Time for a new man? A koala purse and Mickey Mouse flats: A look at Rebel Wilson's quirky ensembles during her defamation trial against magazine Emma Watson keeps it casual in a checked blouse and white skinny jeans for low-key outing in New York Enjoying a break from her busy schedule Baywatch bombshell Charlotte McKinney shows off enviable figure in teeny bikini while enjoying beach day with friends in Los Angeles 'I want to be a mum so badly': Singer Halsey reveals that she 'can't wait' to have a baby while admitting she has broken up with her 'on/off' beau Lido Rebel Wilson wears a pair of Mickey Mouse-inspired heels to court a day after insisting Walt Disney is her uncle - as she denies claims she lied about her age  'Is he wearing a prosthetic face?' Viewers are baffled by Matthew Perry's 'plasticine' look in new Channel 5 drama The Kennedys Paul Gascoigne looks healthier and happier than ever as he leaves FA Cup Final... after publicly battling alcoholism for almost two decades BGT's Amanda Holden puts on a VERY leggy display in sheer princess gown as Alesha Dixon gives her a run for her money in thigh-skimming mini 'He's never kept it secret': Britain's Got Talent's dancing policeman Daniel Graham 'attends kinky fetish parties with his stunning girlfriend' 'Oddly enough, I don't want to!' BGT magician Matt Edwards asks Eamonn Holmes to lick his lolly in awkward GMB interview Viewers cringed Bella Thorne snuggles up to former love Gregg Sulkin in her underwear as she attempts to shrug off Scott Disick humiliation  Shared on Instagram Child's play: '90s teen heartthrobs Hanson recruit their kids to star in new music video I Was Born It's been 25 years since Hanson first formed 'It's important to be honest': Emmerdale's Lucy Pargeter, 40, introduces twin girls as she vows to tell her daughters 'everything' about IVF treatment 'He's a psycho!' Coronation Street fans fear Ken Barlow is about to be MURDERED by Daniel Osbourne after he finally finds it was him who attacked him PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Double take! Shirtless Orlando Bloom spends the day on the beach with Katy Perry lookalike Mystery woman Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India May 30, 2017-Tuesday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ct 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Studymate Englishmate Aviation ministry will cooperate with CBI on Air India probe: Gajapathi Raju The case involves the purchase of 111 Boeing aircraft worth Rs 70,000 crore and alleged corruption in handing over international airline routes to private airlines during the UPA regime. india Updated: May 30, 2017 18:35 IST Indo Asian News Service, New Delhi Union civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju.(PTI File Photo) Civil aviation minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju on Tuesday said his ministry will fully cooperate with a CBI probe into alleged corruption and mismanagement that led to the financial crisis in the national carrier Air India. “We will fully cooperate with the CBI on this,” Raju said replying to a question during a press interaction here. The minister’s response came a day after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) registered three cases against unnamed officials of the ministry and Air India. The case involves the purchase of 111 Boeing aircraft worth Rs 70,000 crore and alleged corruption in handing over international airline routes to private airlines during the UPA regime. Apart from the Civil Aviation Ministry and Air India officials, the CBI has also booked some unnamed private companies in its FIRs lodged under sections of criminal conspiracy and cheating of the Indian Penal Code and relevant sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. The FIRs do not mention any public official by name but are based on a report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) submitted to Parliament in 2011 and a subsequent report by the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of Parliament. more from india PM Modi seeks quantum jump in economic ties with Germany, 8 pacts signed May 30, 2017 18:40 IST India thanks Germany for backing its permanent membership bid at NSG May 30, 2017 18:39 IST Red Alert – Rising cases of student suicides sound alarm bells across India Partnered Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Pune Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper interactives Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini Studymate Englishmate HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs PM Modi seeks quantum jump in economic ties with Germany, 8 pacts signed May 30, 2017 18:40 IST India thanks Germany for backing its permanent membership bid at NSG May 30, 2017 18:39 IST AI merger, order for 111 planes were multi-tiered decisions: Ex-minister Praful... May 30, 2017 18:35 IST No criminal conspiracy behind Babri demolition, my hopes rest on God: Uma Bharti May 30, 2017 18:30 IST Disabled persons data of 2011 may be underestimated; actual number more higher:... May 30, 2017 18:25 IST PM Modi in Berlin: India, Germany vow ‘strong measures’ against terror sponsors May 30, 2017 18:25 IST Narendra Modi backs Merkel’s EU leadership as Donald Trump criticises Germany May 30, 2017 18:35 IST Trump lashes out at Germany over trade and NATO, promises ‘change’ May 30, 2017 17:11 IST Dateline London: 70 years of reporting UK for India May 30, 2017 16:09 IST Mother jailed for drowning 3 children, likely to be deported to Sudan after rel... May 30, 2017 15:22 IST Post Cannes, Shruti Haasan does an Aishwarya Rai with Sangamithra! May 30, 2017 15:10 IST Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega dead at 83 May 30, 2017 14:40 IST Philippine military says city siege planned to gain recognition as an IS branch May 30, 2017 15:01 IST Canada court dismisses plea to arrest visiting ex-CRPF officer Dhillon May 30, 2017 18:04 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi pune Is Delhi University transgender-friendly? No way, say students seeking admission May 30, 2017 18:14 IST JAC Jharkhand board Class 10 results shows all-time-low pass percentage of 57 May 30, 2017 17:53 IST Yogi Adityanath reaches out to marginalised communities to widen BJP’s support May 30, 2017 17:39 IST Cow vigilantism, hate crimes show Rajasthan in bad light: Vasundhara Raje May 30, 2017 17:31 IST Kerala cow slaughter row AICC secretary announces Rs 1 lakh reward for teaching... May 30, 2017 17:13 IST After flushing out illegal inmates from hostels, AU hopes for a peaceful atmosp... May 30, 2017 17:04 IST MP Bizarre Police seize over 4 feet long ‘jata’ of ‘Swami’ as evidence May 30, 2017 17:03 IST From Maharashtra HSC results to farmers’ strike: Top five stories from Mumbai May 30, 2017 16:58 IST Woman killed in MP on suspicion of practising witchcraft May 30, 2017 16:47 IST analysis columns editorials authors How Indian men are keeping women out of the workforce May 30, 2017 17:48 IST Talk to Kashmiri separatists or the fanatics may take over May 30, 2017 16:24 IST Offer African students scholarships, but assure them of safety also May 30, 2017 16:16 IST Art of Living should not be allowed to get away with damaging the Yamuna May 30, 2017 16:13 IST Modi is here for another 7yrs, Oppn can do little about it, writes Vir Sanghvi May 30, 2017 17:06 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa Virat Kohli only Indian in top 10 ICC ODI rankings May 30, 2017 18:35 IST Nick Kyrgios, Del Potro marches ahead in French Open tennis May 30, 2017 18:06 IST Hsieh Su-Wei hands Johanna Konta early Brexit at French Open 2017 May 30, 2017 18:22 IST ICC Champions Trophy: England’s past record not relevant, says Kumar Sangakkara May 30, 2017 17:19 IST Bhavani Devi ecstatic after winning gold at Satellite Fencing Championship May 30, 2017 18:01 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid No holds barred: Check out how Ranveer Singh’s sartorial May-hem continues May 30, 2017 18:30 IST Listen: AR Rahman’s son makes Hindi singing debut with Sachin: A Billion Dreams May 30, 2017 18:13 IST It’s high time we stop talking about nepotism in Bollywood, says Suniel Shetty May 30, 2017 17:59 IST Pooja Bhatt is delighted to be celebrating 20 years of Border, with the film’s cast... May 30, 2017 17:44 IST All you need to know about the new Spidey suit in Spider-Man: Homecoming May 30, 2017 17:17 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch High-fat diet in childhood may lead to ‘junk-food obsession’ as adults May 30, 2017 18:20 IST No holds barred: Check out how Ranveer Singh’s sartorial May-hem continues May 30, 2017 18:30 IST Study shows beta blockers may not benefit heart attack patients May 30, 2017 17:01 IST Wristband that simulates heartbeats can fight stress, says study May 30, 2017 18:19 IST This summer, pick khadi denims, tops and skirts to beat the heat May 30, 2017 16:33 IST Uber plans safer India ride with connected car technology May 30, 2017 18:35 IST Cox and Kings to demerge its foreign exchange business May 30, 2017 18:04 IST RBI to soon circulate new pink-green Re 1 notes May 30, 2017 18:06 IST IT employees well taken care of, no need for union: Former Infy CFO May 30, 2017 17:27 IST Indian banks’ bad loans seen at 15% of total by March 2018, S&P says May 30, 2017 17:27 IST RBI says norms to protect customer in fraudulent transaction soon May 30, 2017 16:57 IST British Airways vows ‘never again’ after costly IT collapse May 30, 2017 17:01 IST Uber plans safer India ride with connected car technology May 30, 2017 18:35 IST iPhone 8 to have bezel-less display, fingerprint sensor goes to back: Report May 30, 2017 12:30 IST 41 banned outfits in Pakistan operate freely on Facebook: Report May 30, 2017 17:23 IST After WannaCry, a new threat: 36.5mn Android users may have been hit by ‘Judy’ May 30, 2017 00:39 IST Lenovo’s struggling mobile business sets sight on high-end market May 29, 2017 11:41 IST India’s ethical hackers rewarded abroad but treated with suspicion at home May 29, 2017 10:11 IST Why are there so few women on the Internet in India? May 29, 2017 11:55 IST Is Delhi University transgender-friendly? No way, say students seeking admission May 30, 2017 18:14 IST JAC Jharkhand board Class 10 results shows all-time-low pass percentage of 57 May 30, 2017 17:53 IST Maharashtra HSC results out: Cancer patient scores 60%, says ‘not my best, but I’m... May 30, 2017 16:22 IST JAC Jharkhand board Class 10 and Class 12 results 2017 declared, check them here May 30, 2017 17:03 IST Son and mother pass, but father fails West Bengal board higher secondary exam May 30, 2017 15:21 IST Ganga might become the first river to be protected by an Act May 30, 2017 12:17 IST In photos: ISRO’s most powerful rocket GSLV Mark III to be... May 30, 2017 10:08 IST Photos: Here’s a look at the top scorers in CBSE Class 12th... May 29, 2017 11:58 IST Bhopal’s upper lake turns rowing hub for India May 29, 2017 09:18 IST Photos: Muslims observe first day of holy month Ramzan May 29, 2017 08:59 IST Babri Masjid case: Special CBI court grants bail to 12 accused May 30, 2017 17:14 IST Revered shrine in J&K attracts people of different faiths May 30, 2017 15:36 IST IIT-Madras students organize beef festival to protest cattle slaughter ban May 29, 2017 16:19 IST Black box of missing IAF Sukhoi-30 aircraft found May 29, 2017 11:33 IST Dealers in Muzaffarnagar ask Centre to roll back ban on cattle sale, purchase May 27, 2017 20:32 IST interactives longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists BS Special Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups B2B Connect Sponsored Content BS Special PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Business-Economy FC Barcelona confirm Valverde as new head coach Business Standard Will cooperate with CBI on Air India probe: Minister IANS  |  New Delhi  May 30, 2017 Last Updated at 15:10 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVq2QS ALSO READ CBI books Air India officials for illegal software purchase Aircraft scam: CBI files three cases against Civil Aviation Ministry, Air India SC asks CBI to probe 'unnecessary' purchase of aircraft by Air India CBI books Air India, IBM officials in Rs 225 cr software scam CBI case a 'shock'; will hit Air India hard, says Lohani Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju on Tuesday said his ministry will fully cooperate with a CBI probe into alleged corruption and mismanagement that led to the financial crisis in the national carrier Air India. "We will fully cooperate with the CBI on this," Raju said replying to a question during a press interaction here. The Minister's response came a day after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) registered three cases against unnamed officials of the Ministry and Air India. The case involves the purchase of 111 Boeing aircraft worth Rs 70,000 crore and alleged corruption in handing over international airline routes to private airlines during the UPA regime. Apart from the Civil Aviation Ministry and Air India officials, the CBI has also booked some unnamed private companies in its FIRs lodged under sections of criminal conspiracy and cheating of the Indian Penal Code and relevant sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. The FIRs do not mention any public official by name but are based on a report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) submitted to Parliament in 2011 and a subsequent report by the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of Parliament. --IANS rv-aks/in/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Air India | Cbi | India | News-ians | Business-economy PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Will cooperate with CBI on Air India probe: Minister Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju on Tuesday said his ministry will fully cooperate with a CBI probe into alleged corruption and mismanagement that led to the financial crisis in the national carrier Air India. Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju on Tuesday said his ministry will fully cooperate with a CBI probe into alleged corruption and mismanagement that led to the financial crisis in the national carrier Air India. "We will fully cooperate with the CBI on this," Raju said replying to a question during a press interaction here. The Minister's response came a day after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) registered three cases against unnamed officials of the Ministry and Air India. The case involves the purchase of 111 Boeing aircraft worth Rs 70,000 crore and alleged corruption in handing over international airline routes to private airlines during the UPA regime. Apart from the Civil Aviation Ministry and Air India officials, the CBI has also booked some unnamed private companies in its FIRs lodged under sections of criminal conspiracy and cheating of the Indian Penal Code and relevant sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. The FIRs do not mention any public official by name but are based on a report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) submitted to Parliament in 2011 and a subsequent report by the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of Parliament. --IANS rv-aks/in/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Will cooperate with CBI on Air India probe: Minister Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju on Tuesday said his ministry will fully cooperate with a CBI probe into alleged corruption and mismanagement that led to the financial crisis in the national carrier Air India. "We will fully cooperate with the CBI on this," Raju said replying to a question during a press interaction here. The Minister's response came a day after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) registered three cases against unnamed officials of the Ministry and Air India. The case involves the purchase of 111 Boeing aircraft worth Rs 70,000 crore and alleged corruption in handing over international airline routes to private airlines during the UPA regime. Apart from the Civil Aviation Ministry and Air India officials, the CBI has also booked some unnamed private companies in its FIRs lodged under sections of criminal conspiracy and cheating of the Indian Penal Code and relevant sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. The FIRs do not mention any public official by name but are based on a report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) submitted to Parliament in 2011 and a subsequent report by the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of Parliament. --IANS rv-aks/in/dg (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Will cooperate with CBI on Air India probe: Minister Will cooperate with CBI on Air India probe: Minister Source : Last Updated: Tue, May 30, 2017 15:20 hrs New Delhi, May 30 (IANS) Civil Aviation Minister Ashok Gajapathi Raju on Tuesday said his ministry will fully cooperate with a CBI probe into alleged corruption and mismanagement that led to the financial crisis in the national carrier Air India. "We will fully cooperate with the CBI on this," Raju said replying to a question during a press interaction here. The Minister's response came a day after the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) registered three cases against unnamed officials of the Ministry and Air India. The case involves the purchase of 111 Boeing aircraft worth Rs 70,000 crore and alleged corruption in handing over international airline routes to private airlines during the UPA regime. Apart from the Civil Aviation Ministry and Air India officials, the CBI has also booked some unnamed private companies in its FIRs lodged under sections of criminal conspiracy and cheating of the Indian Penal Code and relevant sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. The FIRs do not mention any public official by name but are based on a report by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) submitted to Parliament in 2011 and a subsequent report by the Public Accounts Committee (PAC) of Parliament. --IANS rv-aks/in/dg SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Rahul Gandhi condemns Kerala's barbaric calf-slaughter! And the award goes to... We love you Manchester: Vigils held across UK after terror attack Terror strikes Ariana Grande concert in Manchester What GST could really mean! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
up next: now reading: Breakup of the West? Der Spiegel Breakup of the West? By Pat Buchanan May 30, 2017 Der Spiegel X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... By the time Air Force One started down the runaway at Naval Air Station Sigonella in Sicily, to bring President Trump home, the Atlantic had grown markedly wider than it was when he flew to Riyadh. In a Munich beer hall Sunday, Angela Merkel confirmed it. Europe must begin to look out for itself, she said, "take our fate into our own hands. ... The times in which we could rely fully on others, they are somewhat over." Merkel's apprehensions are understandable. A divorce could be in the cards. During his visit to NATO in Brussels and the G-7 in Sicily, Trump, with both his words and body language, revealed his thinking on who are friends and who are freeloaders. Long before arriving, Trump had cheered Brexit, the British decision to quit the EU, and shown a preference for nationalist Marine Le Pen in the French election won handily by Emmanuel Macron. But when it comes to leaders, Trump seems to prefer Deke House to student council types. He has hailed Vladimir Putin as a "strong ruler" and "very smart." In Riyadh, Trump declared King Salman a "wise man." He calls China's Xi Jinping "a great guy," and welcomed Turkish autocrat Recep Tayyip Erdogan to the Oval Office: "It is a great honor to have you with us." When Egypt's President Abdel-Fattah el-Sissi, who has imprisoned and killed thousands of the Muslim Brotherhood, came to visit, Trump said, "He's done a fantastic job in a very difficult situation." In a phone call, Trump also praised Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte, who has had narcotics dealers gunned down in the streets, for doing an "unbelievable job on the drug problem." Trump has even found merit in Kim Jong Un, the 33-year-old dictator of North Korea, describing him as a "a pretty smart cookie." And where Trump was photographed by the Russians grinning broadly with Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov, his confab with Merkel was marked by a seeming reluctance to shake hands. But the disagreements with Europe are deeper than matters of style. Trump and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson have indicated that in dealing with foreign nations, U.S. support for democratic norms and human rights will now take a back seat to strategic interests. In Riyadh, Trump signaled the Sunni King of Bahrain we will no longer be giving him instructions on how to treat his Shiite majority. We're not "here to lecture," Trump assured the Arab royals. After the conclave, the king's police killed five and wounded dozens of demonstrators outside the home of a Shiite cleric, and arrested 286 of his supporters. Of greater concern to Trump and Tillerson is the retention of the Persian Gulf naval base of the U.S. 5th Fleet in Bahrain. Trump also tilts toward GOP skepticism of the threat of global warming and is considering pulling out of the Paris climate accord that is the altarpiece of the environmentalist international. In Brussels, Trump praised NATO's decision to back the U.S. war in Afghanistan after 9/11, but did not specifically recommit to Article 5, requiring all NATO nations to treat an attack on one as an attack on all, which our nervous NATO allies had wanted to hear. Instead, they got an earful of pure Trump about how they owed back pay for NATO and that only five NATO nations were meeting their obligation to allocate 2 percent of GDP to defense. Merkel seemed to take this as an implied threat that the U.S commitment to defend Europe from a Russia with one-tenth of NATO-Europe's GDP may be contingent, and may have a time limit on it. Moreover, France, Britain and Germany appear far more solidly committed to the Iran nuclear deal than are Trump and Congress. A U.S.-NATO collision could come here, and soon. The Iranians have signed on to purchase 100 Airbus aircraft and 80 commercial airliners from Boeing. If the Republicans impose new sanctions on Iran, or scupper the Boeing deal, Europe would have to decide whether to abandon the Airbus sales, or deliver the planes and perhaps take over the Boeing contract. That could bring a crisis. And any U.S. confrontation with Iran, pressed upon us by Saudis, Israelis and Sunni Arabs could find Europeans bailing out wholesale on the next U.S. war in the Middle East. Trump also seems less committed to the sanctions on Russia for its reannexation of Ukraine and support of pro-Russian rebels in the Donbass than does NATO Europe or Congress. From his rough remarks, Trump sees the Europeans as freeloaders on U.S. defense, laggards on their NATO contributions, and mercantilists who craft policies to run endless trade surpluses at our expense, especially the Germans who are "bad, very bad." The European half of Trump's trip should be taken as a fire-bell-in-the-night warning: Shape up, Europe, or you may find yourselves on your own when it comes to the defense of your continent. For we Americans have had about enough. COPYRIGHT 2017 CREATORS.COM Related Topics: Angela Merkel Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCP Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. ©2017 RealClearPolitics | Go to full site
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com US missile test a success: Latest update on Pentagon shooting down ICBM target Updated on May 30, 2017 at 3:54 PM Posted on May 30, 2017 at 4:42 AM A long-range ground-based interceptor is launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California, and intercepted an intermediate-range ballistic missile target launched from the U.S. Army's Reagan Test Site on Kwajalein Atoll. (Contributed photo/Missile Defense Agency) By Leada Gore lgore@al.com Update: The U.S. military said it Ground-based Midcourse Defense System successfully stopped a simulated attack from an intercontinental ballistic missile target during first-of-its-kind testing over the Pacific Ocean today. "The intercept of a complex, threat-representative ICBM target is an incredible accomplishment and a critical milestone for this program," Vice Admiral Jim Syring, the director of the Missile Defense Agency, said in a statement. This story is breaking and more information will posted as it becomes available. Earlier story The Pentagon will attempt to shoot down an intercontinental missile in a first-of-its-kind test planned for today. The Missile Defense Agency, based at Huntsville's Redstone Arsenal, will fire an interceptor from the Ground-based Midcourse Defense System at a target designed to simulate an intercontinental ballistic missile. The interceptor will be launched from Vanderberg Air Force Base in California with the target coming from the U.S. test range on Kwajalein Atoll in the Pacific Ocean. If the test proceeds as planned, the two will collide over the Pacific. It's the first time the Pentagon has tried to shoot down an intercontinental-range target missile. According to the Vandenberg Air Force Base, the test will take place between noon and 4 p.m. PST, or 2 p.m.-6 p.m. CST. It's not clear how quickly the results of the test will be known. The test will cost an estimated $244 million. The threat from ICBMs - which could carry nuclear, chemical, biological or conventional warheads - are a growing concern to the Pentagon as North Korea continues testing its own long-range missiles. Tuesday's U.S. test come at a pivotal time for the GMD's future, with only nine of the past 17 attempts of the multi-billion-dollar system deemed successful. It was last successfully tested in June 2014, following a string of three back-to-back failures. The GMD has been in place since 2004 but never used in combat. Boeing Defense is the prime contractor on the system, with subcontractors including Raytheon, Orbital Sciences and Northrop Grumman. The ground-based system has 32 interceptors at Fort Greely in Alaska and another four at Vandenberg near Los Angeles. The Pentagon has pushed for additional installations and plans to have eight more by the end of the year. The system is operated by the 49th Missile Defense Battalion at Fort Greely, Alaska and of the 100th Missile Defense Brigade at Colorado Springs, Colorado. The Department of Defense has requested $1.5 billion in the coming fiscal year for continued development of the GMD. View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by rahul-absolutereports.com Military Aviation MRO Market 2017 Trends, Demand Drivers and Innovations Recently Inducted Within the Sector 2027   Global Military Aviation MRO Market is projected to register a CAGR of 2.38% over 2017-2027. Military Aviation MRO Market Research Report in air platforms have always played critical roles for military forces worldwide both during wars as well as other operations. Advanced aircrafts and rotorcrafts have witnessed continual surge in demand by military forces over the past decades. Owing to the extensive utilization of aircrafts in war situations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Serbia, and Libya has resulted in rapid aging and wearing out of the military aircraft fleet of the major defense forces. The multi-role aircraft MRO segment is projected to dominate the global military aviation MRO market over the forecast period, however it is estimated to experience a drop in the market share owing to the increasing investments in the other segments. Continued deployment of US multi-role aircrafts in Afghanistan and Iraq has influenced the healthy growth of the segment since the past few years. Get a PDF Sample of Military Aviation MRO Market Research Report at: https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10803394 Keyplayers in Global Military Aviation MRO Market: Boeing, BAE Systems, Elbit Systems Ltd., Saab, Lockheed Martin, Airbus, General Atomics, Raytheon, Northrop Grumman, DynCorp International, Pratt & Whitney and Many More. Global Military Aviation MRO Market Demand Drivers: Analysis of factors that trigger spending within the sector. Global Military Aviation MRO Market Trends: Prevalent practices, industry consolidation and procurement patterns within the market In Particular, The Report Provides an In-Depth Analysis of the Following: Market size and drivers: detailed analysis during 2017-2027, including highlights of the demand drivers and growth stimulators. It also provides a snapshot of the spending and modernization patterns of different regions around the world. Recent developments and industry challenges: insights into technological developments and a detailed analysis of the changing preferences of aviation MRO segments around the world. It also provides trends of the changing industry structure and the challenges faced by industry participants. Regional highlights: study of the key markets in each region, providing an analysis of the key segments of the market that are expected to be in demand. Major programs: details of the key programs in each segment, which are expected to be executed during 2017-2027.   Complete Details Report with List of Figures, Tables and Charts Available @: https://www.absolutereports.com/global-military-aviation-mro-market-2017-2027-10803394 Global Military Aviation MRO Market Scope: The market is expected to be dominated by multi-role aircraft MRO, which will account for 56% of the market, followed by transport aircraft MRO multi-mission helicopter MRO and with shares of 22% and 12% respectively. UAV MRO and transport helicopter MRO segments are projected to account for shares of 5% each during 2017-2027. North America is projected to dominate the sector with a share of 74%, followed by Asia Pacific, with an estimated share of 11% Reasons to buy: Determine prospective investment areas based on a detailed trend analysis of the global military aviation MRO market over the next ten years Gain in-depth understanding about the underlying factors driving demand for different military aviation MRO segments in the top spending countries across the world and identify the opportunities offered by each of them Strengthen your understanding of the market in terms of demand drivers, industry trends, and the latest technological developments, among others Identify the major channels that are driving the global military aviation MRO market, providing a clear picture about future opportunities that can be tapped, resulting in revenue expansion Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Absolute Reports +1-408 520 9750 Email – sales@absolutereports.com CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsaerospace & defense Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Hammerhead Market Capacity, Entry Strategies, Production and Production Value & Forecast 2017-2022 Next PostNext QLC in the Datacenter Market 2017: Introduction of QLC Technology is Expected to Drive SSD Capacities Even Higher – Research and Markets Search Recent Posts PortadaLat anuncia a los finalistas de sus premios en siete categorías del marketing, los medios y la innovación Halmont Properties Corporation: Interim Results Birchcliff Energy Ltd. Announces Declaration of Common Share Quarterly Dividend and Preferred Share Dividends Shareholder News: Update in Lawsuit against SeaWorld Entertainment Inc (NYSE:SEAS) Airbus DS Communications to Introduce Its Latest Next Generation 9-1-1 Mapping Solution Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Wednesday, May 31, 2017Switch to हिन्दी SportsTracker From aerodynamics to tyres, all F1 rule changes for 2017 season explained Front Page Politics Yogi Adityanath arrives in Ayodhya, day after court charges Advani, Bharti, Joshi in Babri demolition case Odisha CHSE Class 12th board exam results 2017 declared: Check your grades on orissaresults.nic.in Ban on sale, purchase of cattle a gross injustice to farmers: Sharad Pawar Babri Masjid case: BJP defends accused even as Congress demands Uma Bharti's resignation Ban on cattle sale: Opposition calls Centre's move an 'attempt to encroach upon powers of states' Kerala cow slaughter becomes poll issue in Gujarat, as BJP attacks Congress, calls it a 'sinking ship' Sports Champions Trophy 2017: Harbhajan Singh gets backing of Pakistan's Saqlain Mushtaq for India spot India vs Pakistan: Politics and rhetoric reduce clashes between arch-rivals to just a sideshow Champions Trophy 2017: Andrew Strauss says IPL helped England players gain 'vital experience' French Open 2017: Rafael Nadal taking on 'dangerous' Robin Haase and other interesting ties of Day 4 AFC Cup: Depleted Mohun Bagan look to end poor season with victory over Abahani Limited Dhaka French Open 2017 : Rafael Nadal's coach Carlos Moya advises him to ignore all talk of 10th title India Humans of Hindutva Facebook page blocked temporarily; 'collective effort to muzzle voices,' says admin Iran threatens to let Russian cos develop Farzad B gas field after India plans to cut oil purchase After three days of curfew and shutdowns, Kashmir Valley limps back to normalcy Fearing China backlash, India to not include Australia in joint naval drills involving US and Japan in the Bay of Bengal Not linked your Aadhaar with PAN yet? Just send an SMS, says I-T dept Madras HC stays ban on sale of cattle for slaughter: Defending its move could embarrass Narendra Modi govt World Blast near Indian embassy in Kabul kills 49, injures 300; Modi briefed, Sushma Swaraj says 'staff safe' France used anti-terrorism laws to curb legitimate protest, says Amnesty International Manchester terror attack probe: UK police release 3 suspects, 11 remain in detention Fearing China backlash, India to not include Australia in joint naval drills involving US and Japan in the Bay of Bengal Activist arrested for investigating working conditions at factory manufacturing Ivanka Trump brand in China Meet BlessU-2: Unveiled to mark 500 years of Reformation, this robot 'priest' will forgive your sins in five languages Business Narendra Modi's four-nation tour: PM missed a chance to talk on IT with Merkel, but it's still not late Not linked your Aadhaar with PAN yet? Just send an SMS, says I-T dept Narendra Modi's four-nation tour: India, Europe fresh trade treaty talks a win-win for both IT jobs in India seen declining 14% by 2021 as automation puts 480,000 workers at risk Narendra Modi's four-nation tour: Make in India outreach programme has attracted many German SMEs, says PM Amazon shares break $1,000, beating Google's Alphabet; analysts see more gains Entertainment Sexism in stand-up comedy; or what happens when you ask a boys' club why it’s a boys' club Akshay Kumar, Raveena Tandon to judge The Great Indian Laughter Challenge? Robert De Niro tells Brown graduates the US is now a 'tragic, dumbass comedy' Priyanka Chopra's third Hollywood film will be a rom-com with Rebel Wilson, Liam Hemsworth? Victoria & Abdul trailer: Little known story about Queen's relationship with her closest confidant Game of Thrones season seven episodes will have longer run-time, to make up for fewer numbers Photos Videos F.Shows TECH2 हिंदी CT 2017 Oppo You are here: Latest News Business News CBI Air India probe: UPA cannot escape allegations of failure at several levels in pushing merger CBI Air India probe: UPA cannot escape allegations of failure at several levels in pushing merger BusinessSindhu BhattacharyaMay, 30 2017 14:31:32 IST #Accenture#Air india - indian airlines merger#Aircraft purchase#Cabinet#Cag#Cbi#Civil aviation minister praful patel#Divestment#Firs#Loss to exchequer#Ministry of civil aviation#Nda#Upa New Delhi: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has registered three separate FIRs besides also launching a preliminary enquiry to probe alleged irregularities in Indian Airlines-Air India merger and purchase of 111 aircraft, leasing of planes and giving-up of profit-making routes by Air India. These decisions, according to the CBI, caused a loss of thousands of crores to the exchequer. While the CBI is obviously acting at the behest of the Centre and some may term this probe as a witch hunt against UPA’s Civil Aviation Minister Praful Patel, it is a fact that the decision to merge erstwhile Air India and Indian Airlines was taken for all the wrong reasons by the UPA worthies. In fact, the entire decision making process which lead to this ill fated merger shows there was a failure at several layers of the government of the day. Make no mistake: Patel was not the sole promoter of this idea. As per a report of the Comptroller & Auditor General (CAG) of 2011, the merger process was examined in all aspects at various levels - by the Consultant (Accenture), the Ministry of Civil Aviation, the Minister of Civil Aviation, a Committee of Secretaries, a Group of Ministers (GoM) and the Cabinet. This was, thus, a collective decision, arrived at after multiple levels of due diligence. Hence, it wouldn’t be wrong to call it a collective failure of the government of the day. File image of Air India aircraft. Reuters But why is everyone trying to find faults with a decision which was implemented a decade back, now? For one, the merged entity – the Air India of today – has never ever reported a net profit in its decade long existence while the separate airlines were profitable. This piece in Economic Times examines why the merger of the two airlines created a loss making one. Between 2001 and 2006-07, the standalone Air India declared a profit each year! And in this piece in Business Today, former Civil Aviation Minister Rajiv Pratap Rudy quotes Accenture report which had highlighted two factors for the sub-optimal performance of the two erstwhile airlines: an ageing fleet and the fact that the two existed individually. The report had gone on to say that merger of the two entities and replacement of the ageing fleet would result in a profit of Rs 1,000 crore in the first year itself. “Instead, in the three years following the merger in 2007 we have seen losses escalate from Rs 1,200 crore in the first to Rs 2,600 crore in the second to Rs 5,500 crore in the third.” Now that uncomfortable questions are being raised about the need for the Indian taxpayer to continuously fund this loss making behemoth, the government wants to exit Air India. Perhaps by calling into question the inefficiencies of the previous regime, the NDA government may be able to deflect some of the criticism coming its way for continued bumbling on Air India! Secondly, the merged entity has seen its market share slide to a shadow of its former self, when it ruled the Indian skies, as better and far more efficient private airlines have nudged Air India to the margins of the industry. And third, the entire process of so-called integration of the two erstwhile airlines was handled in such an inept fashion that it took several years to be completed, even on paper. In reality, many employees within the airline still refer to themselves as Indian Airlines’ employees and see themselves as distinct from the merged entity– making it evident that though on paper the merger has been achieved now, it has not been accepted by all. And this is almost a decade after the merger was completed on paper! It is obvious then that the merger was suggested and pushed through for all the wrong reasons. Today, India is supporting an airline which had already received upwards of Rs 25,000 crore of public money but is yet to turn the corner; it is slated to receive an equal amount more, over the next few years, despite a financial turnaround which is nowhere in sight. Was the merger the trigger for Air India’s present state and had it not happened, would the two airlines have fared better? The answer to the first part of the question is a resounding yes. Let’s look at the scathing observations the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) made in 2011 about this ill fated merger: 1) Inexplicably, synergised / integrated operation between AIL and IAL (even though this was recommended / recognised in 2004) was not factored in as part of the acquisition project analysis either for AIL or IAL. The initiation of action towards the merger in March 2006, less than a few months after completion of independent large scale acquisition of aircrafts by IAL (Airbus) and AIL (Boeing) in late 2005 (after long drawn out procedures/ negotiations) appears somewhat ill-timed, with loss of significant synergistic opportunities. Had the possibility of merger (with attendant route rationalisation, network integration, common maintenance/ overhauling facilities and other synergies) been considered – even at a late stage – in the process of fleet acquisition, the underlying economics could have been significantly altered; perhaps, even a common acquisition process for AIL/ IAL could well have been considered. In our view, the potential benefits for the merger would have been far higher, had this been undertaken before finalization of the massive and separate fleet acquisition exercises undertaken by AIL and IAL. This is what CBI wants to probe – the massive fleet acquisition by the two airlines which resulted in insurmountable debt. This has been drowning the merged entity ever since. 2) The financial case for the merger was not adequately validated prior to the merger. Detailed item-wise financial analysis was not available, so as to assess the reasonableness and robustness of the projected benefits (on account of revenue synergies and cost and capital productivity synergies). The proposed revaluation of fixed assets had no operational or cash flow benefits. 3) There were huge delays in actualisation of the merger/ operational integration. The single code passenger reservation system (which was a critical element in network integration) was activated only in February 2011. 4) HR factors in any merger process are the most complicated. Even in March 2006, apprehensions with regard to HR problems due to a potential merger were expressed. HR integration below the level of DGM, representing 98 percent of the staff, has still not taken place. The CAG made these observations in 2011, four years after the merger had been completed on paper. 5) The Memorandum of Understanding (MoUs) signed between the erstwhile IAL and AIL and MoCA was flawed. The non-financial parameters included in the MoU included minor or insignificant parameters or gave undue weightage to such parameters, at the cost of critical traffic and operating parameters in the airline industry (such as those being monitored by Directorate General of Civil Aviation). This skewed the MoU ratings of IAL and AIL unduly to present a “rosy” picture of performance. The overall combination of financial and non-financial parameters devised for the MoUs were such as to ensure that the MoUs became a meaningless exercise, rarely (if ever) reflecting poor performance, and ensuring lack of effective accountability for all parties concerned. There are a number of explanations the UPA government and its functionaries owe about their handling of Air India. But even the present government is not covering itself with glory – its handling of the merged entity has also been inept. The sooner a disinvestment is initiated, the better it will be for the airline. #Accenture#Air india - indian airlines merger#Aircraft purchase#Cabinet#Cag#Cbi#Civil aviation minister praful patel#Divestment#Firs#Loss to exchequer#Ministry of civil aviation#Nda#Upa Published Date: May 30, 2017 02:31 pm | Updated Date: May 30, 2017 02:31 pm Also See CBI to probe Air India-Indian Airlines merger and alleged irregularities in other UPA-era deals CBI lodges cases to probe Indian Airlines-Air India merger, purchase of 111 planes 3 years of Narendra Modi: We are happy that those we hate are miserable, but what about our prosperity? Three years of Narendra Modi: It’s tough to judge a govt which is still a ‘work in progress’ Champions Trophy 2017 Match Date Details 1 Jun 1 ENG Vs BAN 2 Jun 2 AUS Vs NZ 3 Jun 3 SL Vs SA 4 Jun 4 IND Vs PAK 5 Jun 5 AUS Vs BAN Full Schedule Top Stories Delhi University's unrealistic cut-offs give nightmares to students, parents; CBSE must rethink evaluation process It's Not Really a Cattle Slaughter Ban. But it's as Good as One Blast near Indian embassy in Kabul kills 49, injures 300; Modi briefed, Sushma Swaraj says 'staff safe' Champions Trophy 2017: India gave their most comprehensive bowling display in recent times vs Bangladesh Consider these 5 factors while making lump-sum investments in mutual funds Narendra Modi's four-nation tour: India, Europe fresh trade treaty talks a win-win for both Yogi Adityanath arrives in Ayodhya, day after court charges Advani, Bharti, Joshi in Babri demolition case Dasari Narayana Rao dead at 75: Telugu cinema loses one of its most forceful voices Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs BAN ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 NZ Vs SL New Zealand beat Sri Lanka by 6 wickets South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA South Africa beat England by 7 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS Vs PAK Match Abandoned ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 IND Vs NZ India beat New Zealand by 45 runs (D/L method) South Africa in England, 3 ODI Series, 2017 ENG Vs SA England beat South Africa by 2 runs ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 BAN Vs PAK Pakistan beat Bangladesh by 2 wickets ICC Champions Trophy Warm-up Matches, 2017 AUS Vs SL Australia beat Sri Lanka by 2 wickets Ireland Tri-Nation Series, 2017 BAN Vs NZ Bangladesh beat New Zealand by 5 wickets Indian Premier League, 2017 PNE Vs MUM Mumbai Indians beat Rising Pune Supergiant by 1 run ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs BAN - Jun 1st, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs NZ - Jun 2nd, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 3rd, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 SL vs SA - Jun 3rd, 2017, 03:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 4th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 IND vs PAK - Jun 4th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 AUS vs BAN - Jun 5th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST Afghanistan in West Indies, 3 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs AFG - Jun 6th, 2017, 05:00 AM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 ENG vs NZ - Jun 6th, 2017, 03:00 PM IST ICC Champions Trophy, 2017 PAK vs SA - Jun 7th, 2017, 06:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Video Room Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India ICC Champions Trophy 2017 IPL 2017 E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Spacesuit Market 2017 Trend, Analysis and Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published Spacesuit Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 30, 2017 ) Spacesuits are worn by astronauts in outer space for keeping themselves alive in space. They are also worn by the crew members inside a spacecraft as a safety mechanism in case of loss of cabin pressure. The global spacesuit market is significantly consolidated with the presence of a limited number of vendors and buyers, where National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) and ROSCOSMOS (Russian Space Agency) are the major end-users of spacesuits. Therefore, the established vendors restrict new players from venturing into the niche market. Publisher's analysts forecast the global spacesuit market to grow at a CAGR of 7.21% during the period 2017-2021. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-spacesuit-market-2017-2021 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global spacesuit market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the unit sales of spacesuits in the base and projected years. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Spacesuit Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Boeing - David Clark - ILC Dover - NPP Zvezda - Oceaneering International Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001795418/sample . Other prominent vendors - Austrian Space Forum (OeWF) - Final Frontier Design - Pacific Spaceflight - UTC Aerospace Systems Market driver - Implementation of 3D printing technologies - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - High development costs - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Investments in development of wearable tech glasses - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001795418/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Increasing Demand For Mobile Robotics Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends And Forecast 2017 – 2025 „The Report Mobile Robotics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2025 provides information on pricing, market analysis, shares, forecast, and company profiles for key industry participants. – MarketResearchReports.biz” About Mobile Robotics Market Global Mobile Robotics Market: Overview Mobile robots are automated machines that are mobile. These robots are capable of moving around without following a fixed path as compared to traditional robots. The rising concern over workspace efficiency is one of the major drivers for the mobile robotics market. In addition, the mobile robotics is also being adopted in defense industry. The mobile robots are extensively used in defense applications such as surveillance, security and inspection. In 2015, the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. announced a USD 4 trillion budget proposal for fiscal year 2016. Furthermore, The Pentagon also had plans of spending USD 2.9 billion for acquiring unmanned robotic systems. Moreover, the mobile robots are also expected to replace human soldiers in future. Furthermore, implementation of mobile robotics in China is also aiding to the growth of the market significantly. Get Sample Copy of this report @ www.marketresearchreports.biz/sample/sample/195017 The increasing demand for efficient manufacturing in China is leading to government initiatives being taken to equip the factories with advanced mobile robots. The province of Guangdong, China has decided to invest USD 154 billion to install mobile robots. Furthermore, major manufacturers like Foxconn also plan to install more than a million robots in the next few years. China is world’s leading producer of a majority of items ranging from clothes to electronics. However, the country primarily depends on low cost and low skilled labors. The rising labor wages and slow economic growth has prompted the government to diversify its workforce and make the manufacturing facilities technology advanced. This factor has resulted into the increasing adoption of mobile robots in manufacturing industries. However, one factor limiting the demand for mobile robotics is the high cost for installation of these robots. Furthermore, purchasing an automated guided vehicle (AGV) is very costly when compared to hiring personnel or buying equipment. In addition, these robots undergo frequent wear and tear due to continuous function and need to undergo regular maintenance. The cost of maintenance is also high for these robots. Moreover, factories with smaller operations might not have access to such huge capitals and hence are unable to afford such robots. However, the falling prices of the components are expected to lower the price of AGVs in future. The high initial cost involved with these robots is expected to hinder the growth of the market moderately during the forecast period. View Report @ www.marketresearchreports.biz/analysis/195017 Global Mobile Robotics Market: Segmentation The global mobile robotics market has been segmented by types into unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), unmanned ground vehicle (UGV), unmanned surface vehicle (USV) and autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV). The UGVs held the largest market share during the forecast period. These robots are now widely used in medical and healthcare segment for delivery of medicines and equipment and instruments. Increasing use of mobile robots in defense is one of the important factors bolstering the demand of unmanned ground vehicles in the global market. Since these vehicles operate autonomously, they can be used to accomplish missions in dangerous, inconvenient and difficult situations. By application, the global mobile robotics market has been bifurcated into industrial and services segment. The service application segment has been anticipated to hold the largest market share. Regionally, the global mobile robotics market has been categorized into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America. Asia Pacific has been analyzed to be largest and fastest growing region during the forecast period. The increasing adoption of mobile robots in developing countries such as India and China is aiding to the demand for this market in this region. Companies Mentioned in the Report The major vendors in the global mobile robotics market are iRobot Corporation, Barrett technology, Swisslog, John Deere, Fanuc Corporation, KUKA AG, Honda Motor Co. Ltd., Boeing Company, Seegrid Corporation, Google, Inc., Northrop Grumman Corporation, Lowe’s Company, Inc. Amazon, Inc., Fetch Robotics, Inc., Omron Adept Technologies, Clearpath Robotics, Inc., Bossa Nova Robotics, Savioke, Aethon, Inc. and Locus Robotics.? The segments covered in the global mobile robotics market are as follows: By Types Unmanned Ground Vehicles Unmanned Aerial Vehicles Unmanned Surface Vehicles Autonomous Underwater Vehicle By Application Industrial Service By Geography North America U.S. Canada Mexico Europe U.K. Germany France Italy Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Korea Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa UAE Saudi Arabia South Africa Rest of MEA Latin America Brazil Rest of Latin America Table of Content Chapter 1 Global Mobile Robotics Market 1.1 Research description 1.2 Research scope 1.3 Research methodology Chapter 2 Executive Summary Chapter 3 Market Overview 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Market dynamics 3.2.1 Market Drivers 3.2.1.1 Increasing demand for factory automation 3.2.1.2 Global rising investment in defense applications 3.2.1.3 Integration of mobile robots for e-Commerce Logistics 3.2.1.4 Increasing adaptation of mobile robots in China is driving the APAC market 3.2.2 Market Restraints 3.2.2.1 High Initial Investment 3.2.3 Market opportunities 3.2.3.1 Emerging idea of Industry 4.0 is expected to drive the mobile robotics market in future 3.3 Value chain analysis 3.3.1 Standard components and subsystems providers 3.3.2 Special components suppliers 3.3.3 Robotics software providers 3.3.4 Mobile robot manufacturers and suppliers 3.3.5 System integrators and value added resellers 3.4 Mobile robot industry – Porter’s Five Forces Analysis 3.4.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 3.4.2 Bargaining power of buyers 3.4.3 Threat from substitute 3.4.4 Threat from new entrants 3.4.5 Degree of competition 3.5 Global Mobile Robotics: Market attractiveness analysis 3.6 Market Share by Key Players, 2016 (%) Chapter 4 Global Mobile Robotics Market Analysis, by Type, 2016 – 2025 4.1 Overview 4.2 Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGVs) 4.3 Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) 4.4 Unmanned Surface Vehicles (USVs) 4.5 Autonomous Underwater Vehicles MarketResearchReports.biz is the most comprehensive collection of market research reports. MarketResearchReports.Biz services are specially designed to save time and money for our clients. We are a one stop solution for all your research needs, our main offerings are syndicated research reports, custom research, subscription access and consulting services. We serve all sizes and types of companies spanning across various industries. Mr. Nachiket State Tower 90 Sate Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 USA: Canada Toll Free: 866-997-4948 Website: www.marketresearchreports.biz/ E: sales@marketresearchreports.biz This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DRC: Network Coverage Extensions, Mobile Data And Fixed Internet To Drive Telecom Market Growth Next PostNext Medivir’s CFO Will Leave his Position – Successor Recruitment Underway Posted on 30 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Increasing Demand For Mobile Robotics Market Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends And Forecast 2017 – 2025 „The Report Mobile Robotics Market – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2025 provides information on pricing, market analysis, shares, forecast, and company profiles for key industry participants. – MarketResearchReports.biz” About Mobile Robotics Market Global Mobile Robotics Market: Overview Mobile robots are automated machines that are mobile. These robots are capable of moving around without following a fixed path as compared to traditional robots. The rising concern over workspace efficiency is one of the major drivers for the mobile robotics market. In addition, the mobile robotics is also being adopted in defense industry. The mobile robots are extensively used in defense applications such as surveillance, security and inspection. In 2015, the Department of Homeland Security, U.S. announced a USD 4 trillion budget proposal for fiscal year 2016. Furthermore, The Pentagon also had plans of spending USD 2.9 billion for acquiring unmanned robotic systems. Moreover, the mobile robots are also expected to replace human soldiers in future. Furthermore, implementation of mobile robotics in China is also aiding to the growth of the market significantly. Get Sample Copy of this report @ www.marketresearchreports.biz/sample/sample/195017 The increasing demand for efficient manufacturing in China is leading to government initiatives being taken to equip the factories with advanced mobile robots. The province of Guangdong, China has decided to invest USD 154 billion to install mobile robots. Furthermore, major manufacturers like Foxconn also plan to install more than a million robots in the next few years. China is world’s leading producer of a majority of items ranging from clothes to electronics. However, the country primarily depends on low cost and low skilled labors. The rising labor wages and slow economic growth has prompted the government to diversify its workforce and make the manufacturing facilities technology advanced. This factor has resulted into the increasing adoption of mobile robots in manufacturing industries. However, one factor limiting the demand for mobile robotics is the high cost for installation of these robots. Furthermore, purchasing an automated guided vehicle (AGV) is very costly when compared to hiring personnel or buying equipment. In addition, these robots undergo frequent wear and tear due to continuous function and need to undergo regular maintenance. The cost of maintenance is also high for these robots. Moreover, factories with smaller operations might not have access to such huge capitals and hence are unable to afford such robots. However, the falling prices of the components are expected to lower the price of AGVs in future. The high initial cost involved with these robots is expected to hinder the growth of the market moderately during the forecast period. View Report @ www.marketresearchreports.biz/analysis/195017 Global Mobile Robotics Market: Segmentation The global mobile robotics market has been segmented by types into unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV), unmanned ground vehicle (UGV), unmanned surface vehicle (USV) and autonomous underwater vehicle (AUV). The UGVs held the largest market share during the forecast period. These robots are now widely used in medical and healthcare segment for delivery of medicines and equipment and instruments. Increasing use of mobile robots in defense is one of the important factors bolstering the demand of unmanned ground vehicles in the global market. Since these vehicles operate autonomously, they can be used to accomplish missions in dangerous, inconvenient and difficult situations. By application, the global mobile robotics market has been bifurcated into industrial and services segment. The service application segment has been anticipated to hold the largest market share. Regionally, the global mobile robotics market has been categorized into North America, Europe, Asia Pacific, Middle East and Africa and Latin America. Asia Pacific has been analyzed to be largest and fastest growing region during the forecast period. The increasing adoption of mobile robots in developing countries such as India and China is aiding to the demand for this market in this region. Companies Mentioned in the Report The major vendors in the global mobile robotics market are iRobot Corporation, Barrett technology, Swisslog, John Deere, Fanuc Corporation, KUKA AG, Honda Motor Co. Ltd., Boeing Company, Seegrid Corporation, Google, Inc., Northrop Grumman Corporation, Lowe’s Company, Inc. Amazon, Inc., Fetch Robotics, Inc., Omron Adept Technologies, Clearpath Robotics, Inc., Bossa Nova Robotics, Savioke, Aethon, Inc. and Locus Robotics.? The segments covered in the global mobile robotics market are as follows: By Types Unmanned Ground Vehicles Unmanned Aerial Vehicles Unmanned Surface Vehicles Autonomous Underwater Vehicle By Application Industrial Service By Geography North America U.S. Canada Mexico Europe U.K. Germany France Italy Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Korea Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa UAE Saudi Arabia South Africa Rest of MEA Latin America Brazil Rest of Latin America Table of Content Chapter 1 Global Mobile Robotics Market 1.1 Research description 1.2 Research scope 1.3 Research methodology Chapter 2 Executive Summary Chapter 3 Market Overview 3.1 Introduction 3.2 Market dynamics 3.2.1 Market Drivers 3.2.1.1 Increasing demand for factory automation 3.2.1.2 Global rising investment in defense applications 3.2.1.3 Integration of mobile robots for e-Commerce Logistics 3.2.1.4 Increasing adaptation of mobile robots in China is driving the APAC market 3.2.2 Market Restraints 3.2.2.1 High Initial Investment 3.2.3 Market opportunities 3.2.3.1 Emerging idea of Industry 4.0 is expected to drive the mobile robotics market in future 3.3 Value chain analysis 3.3.1 Standard components and subsystems providers 3.3.2 Special components suppliers 3.3.3 Robotics software providers 3.3.4 Mobile robot manufacturers and suppliers 3.3.5 System integrators and value added resellers 3.4 Mobile robot industry – Porter’s Five Forces Analysis 3.4.1 Bargaining power of suppliers 3.4.2 Bargaining power of buyers 3.4.3 Threat from substitute 3.4.4 Threat from new entrants 3.4.5 Degree of competition 3.5 Global Mobile Robotics: Market attractiveness analysis 3.6 Market Share by Key Players, 2016 (%) Chapter 4 Global Mobile Robotics Market Analysis, by Type, 2016 – 2025 4.1 Overview 4.2 Unmanned Ground Vehicles (UGVs) 4.3 Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) 4.4 Unmanned Surface Vehicles (USVs) 4.5 Autonomous Underwater Vehicles MarketResearchReports.biz is the most comprehensive collection of market research reports. MarketResearchReports.Biz services are specially designed to save time and money for our clients. We are a one stop solution for all your research needs, our main offerings are syndicated research reports, custom research, subscription access and consulting services. We serve all sizes and types of companies spanning across various industries. Mr. Nachiket State Tower 90 Sate Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-621-2074 USA: Canada Toll Free: 866-997-4948 Website: www.marketresearchreports.biz/ E: sales@marketresearchreports.biz This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DRC: Network Coverage Extensions, Mobile Data And Fixed Internet To Drive Telecom Market Growth Next PostNext Medivir’s CFO Will Leave his Position – Successor Recruitment Underway Search Recent Posts MS Resin (SMMA) Market Analysis, Guidelines Overview and Upcoming Trends Forecast till 2022 Ultrafine Precipitated Calcium Carbonate Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Global Knowledge Management in Financial Market to Grow at a CAGR of XX% between 2017 and 2022 According to New Research Electronic Packaging Market Analysis and In-depth Research on Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Forecasts 2022 Global Topical Contraceptive Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2% to 2021 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Sign out Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Subscribe News Economy Economy TrendingHome Capital | Oil | NAFTA | Bombardier | Canadian dollar | Family Finance Trudeau tiptoes around trade disputes with U.S. as Trump mulls ‘major action if necessary’ Josh Wingrove, Bloomberg News | May 29, 2017 7:50 AM ET More from Bloomberg News Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Justin Trudeau really didn’t want to talk about Donald Trump. After three days together at a pair of meetings in Europe, Trudeau spent a press conference bobbing, weaving and ducking questions from reporters about his U.S. counterpart. The barrage of media queries came as the 43rd Group of Seven summit in Sicily ended with the U.S. president as an outlier. The final meeting communique had all leaders except Trump back the Paris climate accord and added new caveats aimed at appeasing the U.S. — thanks in part to diplomacy and deft editing by Canada. But while Germany’s Angela Merkel and Emmanuel Macron of France showed signs of frustration with the U.S. and Trump, Trudeau put on a happy face. He’s intent on playing peacemaker while confronting a growing list of disputes with his top trade partner in areas such as lumber, dairy and aerospace. And, given the dependence that Canada has on trade with its southern neighbor, he has a lot to lose. “I’m not going to lecture another country on what they should do, nor will I have my position determined by anyone outside of Canada,” Trudeau said when asked about Trump at a press conference Saturday in the seaside town of Taormina, Italy. “We share a very similar approach on a broad range of issues.” Related Ontario threatens its own protectionism in fight against Texas Buy American bill Ottawa hints Boeing shouldn’t take military contracts for granted in trade spat with Bombardier Trump officially set the table for new talks on the North American Free Trade Agreement when he notified Congress on May 18 that he intends to start renegotiating the 23-year-old deal binding the U.S., Canada and Mexico in 90 days. Foreign Affairs Minister Chrystia Freeland joined Trudeau at the G-7 and said Canada would be focused on finding “common ground” with the U.S. on trade. In a 30-minute bilateral meeting on Saturday, Trump and Trudeau discussed trade but not Nafta specifically, said a Canadian government official speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss private deliberations. The Congressional notice period prevents Trump from discussing Nafta with Canadian and Mexico officials. Instead, the pair talked about softwood lumber, steel, aluminum and aerospace. In the latter case, Trudeau’s government is threatening to back out of a planned purchase of Boeing Co. fighter jets because of a trade case pending against Canada’s Bombardier Inc. Trump said in a Twitter post on Saturday, not long after meeting with Trudeau, that he’d “take major action if necessary” as his Commerce Department reviews whether steel and aluminum imports threaten national security. I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June. Will take major action if necessary. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 27, 2017 //platform.twitter.com/widgets.js Through it all, Trudeau espoused a positive view of Trump. “We know that creating growth through trade in ways that benefits all our citizens is a priority we share,” Trudeau told reporters. “The approach that we need to strike fair, free, open, balanced trade is something we all share around the table.” While the summit face-time yielded little on Nafta, it underscored Trump’s position — and hinted at a change. The U.S. initially bristled at the inclusion of a pledge to oppose protectionism in the G-7’s joint release. Ultimately, though, the communique had leaders committing to “keep our markets open and to fight protectionism, while standing firm against all unfair trade practices.” Reflecting Trump’s view of the U.S. as the loser in many trade deals, it also noted that “trade has not always worked to the benefit of everyone.” The path forward for Trudeau is risky because no G-20 country does a larger share of its trade with the U.S. than Canada. Trudeau is weighing restrictions on shipments of American coal through Canadian ports in response to U.S. tariffs placed on its lumber. Canada has also pledged to fight the lumber duties — imposed as part of a long-running dispute — in court. The lumber spat is shaping up to take years, and Nafta talks could stretch into 2018, when they could be snagged by U.S. midterm elections and Mexico’s presidential vote. With Europe frustrated by Trump and lengthy battles shaping up, Trudeau is sticking with a pair of mantras: Freeland’s hunt for “common ground,” which was also the title of Trudeau’s 2015 autobiography, and “sunny ways,” the 45-year-old leader’s quasi-slogan of optimism from his winning campaign that year. “There’s always opportunities to do more on trade, always opportunities to improve trade deals,” Trudeau said on Saturday. “And that’s very much what we’re focused on.” Bloomberg News Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Economy, Justin Trudeau, NAFTA Find a Story Stock Search News Videos Featured Contributor Drew Hasselbach Economics Reporter Read Drew's recent articles Pam Heaven Economy News Producer Read Pam's recent articles Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Sign out Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Subscribe News Transportation Transportation TrendingHome Capital | Oil | NAFTA | Bombardier | Canadian dollar | Family Finance Are better times ahead for Bombardier shares? BMO updates stock to outperform Alicja Siekierska | May 29, 2017 5:39 PM ET More from Alicja Siekierska Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Bombardier’s ongoing five-year restructuring campaign is on track to significantly improve operating margins, according to a BMO analyst who is upgrading the stock despite the turnaround plan’s high degree of risk. Fadi Chamoun raised the Quebec-based company’s rating from perform to outperform and said the 2020 valuation could surpass $5.00 if management is successful with the  plan, which aims to improve productivity while reducing costs and focusing on key product development. He maintained his current target price of $2.75. The upgrade comes after BMO hosted Bombardier management for a “two-day roadshow,” which Chamoun said led to a “greater conviction in our financial forecasts for Bombardier, which we believe support a higher share price.”  “To be clear, this is a high-risk turnaround story but we believe that the senior leadership team has sufficiently moved the needle from ongoing restructuring efforts to deliver on 2018 financial targets and the five-year restructuring plan has been meaningfully de-risked,” Chamoun wrote in a note to clients released Monday.  Related Bombardier and U.S.-based aerospace supplier Triumph settle ongoing legal dispute Québec needs to take care of Bombardier , Quebec Premier Philippe Couillard says Chamoun also noted that as a substantial product development cycle wraps up in 2018, “revenue growth should begin to re-accelerate providing for greater coverage of overhead costs and underpinning further margin improvements, particularly in the aerospace segment.” However, Chamoun noted there remains uncertainty regarding long-term earnings as well as cash flow outlook for Bombardier’s Commercial Aircraft division, which features its C Series jets.  After a tumultuous period leading up to its annual general meeting where major institutional shareholders withdrew support for Bombardier’s executive board director, Pierre Beaudoin, the company had a week of positive news that included a settlement in a commercial dispute, and the delivery of its first CS300 jet to Swiss International Air Lines.  Bombardier said it delivered its first CS300 aircraft to Swiss Air on Friday, marking a milestone for the company’s previously beleaguered C Series program. The maiden trip for the aircraft is scheduled for June 1.  Last Wednesday, Bombardier and U.S. aerospace supplier Triumph reached a settlement five months after the Quebec-based company was hit with a $455-million lawsuit alleging that Bombardier failed to pay for expenses related to changing designs for the Global 7000 business jets. The settlement — the terms of which were not publicly disclosed — was viewed as a “win-win agreement” by Macquarie Capital Markets analyst Konark Gupta, as it removed the largest overhang on the development of the Global 7000 jets.  “It is too early to conclude but re-negotiated cost terms could potentially put some pressure on G7000 margin curve in the long term, although we believe Bombardier could cut costs elsewhere to hit its margin targets,” Gupta said in a note to analysts last week.  However, some uncertainty remains, particularly as Bombardier fights an anti-dumping and countervailing-duty petition launched by U.S. aerospace giant Boeing. In a post-conference brief filed with the U.S. International Trade Commission last Friday, Boeing said it “had already been harmed by Bombardier’s illegal campaign targeting the U.S. market.” Bombardier, meanwhile, has said the petition is “unprecedented in its overreach.” “There have been no subject imports. There are no lost sales or lost revenues. Boeing doesn’t even make a product that competes with the aircraft Bombardier offered in the sales campaigns that Boeing complains about,” Bombardier said in its opening statement at the USITC preliminary conference last week.  A preliminary determination on the petition is expected June 12.  Bombardier shares closed up 3.6 per cent at $2.33 Monday.  Financial Post Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Investing, Transportation, bombardier, TSX Find a Story Stock Search News Videos FP Picks If I were Steve Ladurantaye’s lawyer, I’d advise him to sue the CBC for constructive dismissal Howard Levitt: Canadians need to ask whether we are prepared to permit our publicly funded institutions to use our dollars to suppress free speech Rich people aren’t buying into Ivanka Trump’s high-end fashion aspirations Despite wanting to channel Tiffany and Christian Louboutin, the first daughter's line has gone mass market — and that might better for her bottom line Companies see the cyber threat, but spending on security is a different matter More than three quarters of Canadian companies surveyed expect cyber attacks to increase in the next year, but fewer than half are willing to step up their security spending to keep pace Google Maps’ Street View turns 10, tips hat to Canada for its role in testing new technology The feature first launched May 25, 2007 in five U.S, cities but then came to Canada in September, 2007, as the second country to go online It says ‘Product of Canada’ but is it? The growing problem of ferreting out counterfeit vegetables Ontario greenhouse operator Mucci hit with more fines over counterfeit produce with some suggesting there is a food origin problem that will only get bigger Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Latest News Dow 21,029 -50.81 -0.24% Nasdaq 6,203 -7.00 -0.11% S&P 500 2,413 -2.91 -0.12% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX 30 index opens 0.1% higher at 12,616.28 3:01 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 index opens 0.02% higher at 5,306.85 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,533.72 3:00 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% lower at 390.09 2:49 A.M. ET Updated Here’s the case for shorting oil right now 2:34 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices extend losses as concern grows over still-heavy global supply 2:31 A.M. ET Metro swings to loss ahead of business split 2:31 A.M. ET China's rules chafe European firms, as sales rise 2:23 A.M. ET Updated Everyone wants to know what ‘covfefe’ is after Trump tweet 2:21 A.M. ET Chinese factory activity holds steady in May 2:20 A.M. ET China official nonmanufacturing PMI rises in May 5/30 Updated Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? 5/30 Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports 5/30 China's manufacturing beats forecast, stays steady 5/30 Japan industrial output posts best gain in 6 years 5/30 British consumer confidence strengthens in May 5/30 Chinese stocks leap, leading gains by Asian markets 5/30 Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone 5/30 Android co-creator Andy Rubin unveils smartphone to rival Apple, Samsung 5/30 Akari Therapeutics CEO quits over retracted drug comparison Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Airlines Ryanair posts 6% rise in profit, upbeat on year By Robert Wall Published: May 30, 2017 1:06 a.m. ET Share By RobertWall LONDON-- Ryanair Holdings PLC Tuesday posted a 6% rise in net profit for the past financial year after Britain's decision to exit the European Union and terrorist attacks weighed on earnings, and the airline said growth this year would advance as least as much amid stronger bookings. Ryanair said it posted a EUR1.32 billion ($1.47 billion) net profit for the financial year ended March 31 against a target range of EUR1.3 billion to EUR1.35 billion. Sales last year advanced 2% to EUR6.65 billion as the airline carried 120 million passengers. The airline also kicked off a EUR600 million share buyback to be completed by the end of October, having completed a EUR1 billion stock-repurchase round in February. Ryanair said it has returned EUR5.4 billion to investors since 2008 through a series of buybacks and special dividends. Europe's largest airline by passenger numbers also said profit would rise further this year and reach EUR1.4 billion to EUR1.45 billion. Ryanair typically begins the year with conservative profit forecasts. It said much of the increase in profit should come from a projected EUR70 million fall in fuel costs. The carrier also expects to carry 130 million passengers by the end of March 2018. European airlines are preparing for a stronger financial performance this year as a glut of seats for sale eases and economies broadly pick up. That reduces the need to sharply discount tickets--an earnings headwind in recent years. British Airways parent International Consolidated Airlines Group SA said its ticket prices may rise this quarter, the first time in three years. Central East European budget Wizz Air last week said ticket prices have stabilized earlier than expected. Ryanair said bookings for the six months to Sept. 30 are ahead of last year, though the slump of the British currency after the Brexit vote is expected to lead to a 5% to 7% decline in average ticket prices for the full financial year. The company generates more than a quarter of its sales in sterling. Fares fell 13% in the prior financial year. Ryanair has delivered strong earnings growth in recent years by rapidly expanding while maintaining low costs. Nonfuel unit costs are expected to fall 1% this year. The Dublin-based airline also said it was preparing for more aggressive growth through a fleet review with plane provider Boeing Co. The size of its fleet should increase in the 2018 and 2019 period by extending leases on 10 existing planes and picking up delivery slots for new aircraft, it said. "We are aware of the need to have additional short-haul aircraft to," Ryanair said. The carrier has been growing aggressively in Germany, where Air Berlin PLC is retrenching, and is a major player in Italy, where flag carrier Alitalia has entered the equivalent of bankruptcy protection. But Ryanair also is starting to branch out in other ways. This month it said it was starting to sell long-haul tickets for Spanish carrier Air Europa. The Irish airline also is in talks with others, including Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA and IAG's Aer Lingus, to provide feeder traffic to those airlines' international service. Write to Robert Wall at robert.wall@wsj.com More from MarketWatch More Coverage ‘Euro-dollar parity is dead,’ say analysts 5 stocks beyond Amazon that are ripe for a share split Trump provokes Merkel to reveal her true intention of dominating Europe Most Popular When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Scott Pelley ousted as CBS news anchor: reports Kathy Griffin apologizes after decapitated Trump photo offends everyone Trump said to tell world leaders to call his unsecure cellphone — but who’s listening? Balance Bikes: The End of Training Wheels MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 25 mins S&P 500 2,412.91 -2.91 (-0.12%) Dow 30 21,029.47 -50.81 (-0.24%) Nasdaq 6,203.19 -7.00 (-0.11%) Northrop Wins Deal to Support Mission Training of U.S. Army Zacks Equity Research Zacks May 29, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Defense giant Northrop Grumman Corp.’s NOC business segment, Technology Services recently secured a modification contract to support the collective training of Army units in accordance with the Army Force Generation process. Work for this deal is scheduled to be over by Nov 30, 2017. Valued at $39.1 million, the contract was awarded by the U.S. Army Contracting Command, Fort Eustis, VA. Fiscal 2017 operations and maintenance funds will be utilized to perform the work, which will be executed in Fort Leavenworth, KS. A Brief Note on Army Training & Northrop Northrop provides integrated training services, innovative training technologies and subject-matter experts to the U.S. as well as its allied military forces. Mission training includes mission rehearsal, exercises, doctrine development, instruction, curriculum development and virtual constructive-simulations training. Built on decades of experience, Northrop is at the forefront of developing and field-training solutions for the U.S. Army. Its products and services help train soldiers for full-spectrum operations worldwide. The significant mission-training programs offered by the company to the U.S. Army include the DD J7 Joint & Coalition Warfighting (JCW), Mission Command Training Program, Mission Command Training Support program (MCTSP) and III Corps Mission Command Training Center. Our View Northrop’s Technology Services segment is a leading global logistics and sustainment provider, which supports the entire life cycle of civil and defense platforms and capabilities through a range of services, including providing mission readiness and training. Notably, the company is witnessing robust domestic and international opportunities across its three sectors under the Technology Services segment. Toward this end, Northrop continues to pursue a range of programs, including international opportunities in Australia and the Middle East as well as sustaining opportunities for its international Global Hawks. Recently, the company started working as an integrated subcontractor to diversified conglomerate — Honeywell International Inc. HON — for the management and operations of Sandia National Laboratories. This, along with contract wins like the aforementioned ones, tends to bolster the service volume for the company, which, in turn, is expected to boost its growth trajectory, going ahead. Price Performance Northrop’s stock has gained 19.9% in the last one year, underperforming the Zacks categorized Aerospace–Defense industry’s gain of 25.7%. This could be due to higher operating expenses continuing to partially impact Northrop’s profit margin. Furthermore, in a highly competitive environment, customers might get attracted to similar products offered by its peers at a lower price, which remains a major concern. Northrop faces tough competition from rivals like The Boeing Company BA and General Dynamics Corp. GD, both of which outperformed the broader industry’s gain in the last one year. Zacks Rank Northrop currently sports a Zacks Rank #2 (Buy). You can seethe complete list of today’s Zacks #1 Rank (Strong Buy) stocks here. Looking for Ideas with Even Greater Upside? Today's investment ideas are short-term, directly based on our proven 1 to 3 month indicator. In addition, I invite you to consider our long-term opportunities. These rare trades look to start fast with strong Zacks Ranks, but carry through with double and triple-digit profit potential. Starting now, you can look inside our home run, value, and stocks under $10 portfolios, plus more. Click here for a peek at this private information >> Read More Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report   Click for Free Northrop Grumman Corporation (NOC) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Boeing Company (The) (BA) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free General Dynamics Corporation (GD) Stock Analysis Report >>   Click for Free Honeywell International Inc. (HON) Stock Analysis Report >>   To read this article on Zacks.com click here.   Zacks Investment Research Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next The Army is eyeing a personal hoverboard that can reach 10,000 feet Business Insider UK 'Mad Dog' Mattis says the U.S. is now using annihilation tactics in the fight against ISIS Newsweek What Goldman Sachs can learn from the US Army Yahoo Finance India Tech Giant Warns Trump's 'Radical Shift' to Hurt Industry Bloomberg Lockheed Martin Wins $20M Navy Deal for Work on F-35 Lot 15 Zacks Men probing Ivanka Trump brand in China arrested, missing Associated Press An Amazon engineer is letting thousands of Twitch users play the stock market with $50,000 of his own money Business Insider Study shows how GOP plan would lower premiums: ditching costly, sick people Yahoo Finance US successfully intercepts ICBM in historic test ABC News What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, May 31 Yahoo Finance Video Housing, Beige Book — What you need to know in markets on Wednesday Yahoo Finance 'The Russians are laughing' as tensions rise between the US and Germany CNBC Spicer: Trump's relationship with Angela Merkel is 'fairly unbelievable' Business Insider Cramer: Why Amazon crossing $1000 is a potential red flag CNBC Retail: Lidl opening 20 stores, plans 100 The Business Journals Sponsor pressure on after Tiger Woods DUI arrest Yahoo Finance Video Top Trump aide exiting: First shoe to drop in wider shuffle? larry: Soon the White House staff will consist only of trumps family. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 336
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Air Canada - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Canada with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Kadant (KAI) Receiving Somewhat Favorable News Coverage, Study Finds Mark Galardo Sells 618 Shares of Air Canada (AC) Stock Kraft Foods Group (KRFT) Getting Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Likely to Impact Laredo Petroleum (LPI) Stock Price Somewhat Favorable Media Coverage Somewhat Likely to Affect MBIA (MBI) Stock Price Medgenics (MDGN) Earning Somewhat Favorable Press Coverage, AlphaOne Reports Perrigo Company plc (PRGO) Updates FY17 Earnings Guidance Nuance Communications Inc. (NUAN) Position Boosted by FIL Ltd DuPont Fabros Technology, Inc. (DFT) Shares Bought by Probity Advisors Inc. Probity Advisors Inc. Has $301,000 Stake in ALLETE Inc (ALE) Keating Investment Counselors Inc. Has $9.33 Million Position in Lamb Weston Holdings Inc (LW) Systematic Financial Management LP Buys 269,563 Shares of Arch Coal, Inc. Class A (ARCH) KT Corp (KT) Shares Sold by Mittleman Brothers LLC Isle of Capri Casinos (ISLE) Stake Decreased by Private Vista LLC Arrow Investment Advisors LLC Has $897,000 Position in Golar LNG Partners LP (GMLP) FIL Ltd Acquires New Stake in Ashland Global Holdings Inc. (ASH) Washington Prime Group Inc (WPG) Shares Bought by Arrow Investment Advisors LLC 41,003 Shares in Transocean LTD (RIG) Acquired by Arrow Investment Advisors LLC SIG plc (SHI) Receives GBX 117.25 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages Cargojet Inc (CJT) Receives Average Rating of “Buy” from Analysts Mark Galardo Sells 618 Shares of Air Canada (AC) Stock May 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Air Canada (TSE:AC) insider Mark Galardo sold 618 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 15th. The shares were sold at an average price of C$16.26, for a total transaction of C$10,048.68. Mark Galardo also recently made the following trade(s): On Thursday, March 2nd, Mark Galardo sold 467 shares of Air Canada stock. The shares were sold at an average price of C$14.00, for a total transaction of C$6,538.00. Shares of Air Canada (TSE AC) traded down 0.28% during trading on Tuesday, hitting $17.90. 947,691 shares of the stock were exchanged. The stock has a market cap of $4.85 billion and a P/E ratio of 6.78. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $14.58 and its 200-day moving average price is $13.92. Air Canada has a 52 week low of $8.17 and a 52 week high of $18.06. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Mark Galardo Sells 618 Shares of Air Canada (AC) Stock” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this story on another website, it was stolen and reposted in violation of United States & international copyright & trademark legislation. The correct version of this story can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/30/mark-galardo-sells-618-shares-of-air-canada-ac-stock.html. A number of equities analysts have issued reports on AC shares. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “top pick” rating and issued a C$18.00 price objective on shares of Air Canada in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Scotiabank reduced their price objective on shares of Air Canada from C$16.00 to C$15.50 and set a “sector perform” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. TD Securities reduced their price objective on shares of Air Canada from C$22.00 to C$21.00 and set an “action list buy” rating on the stock in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Macquarie raised their price objective on shares of Air Canada from C$14.00 to C$17.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Finally, Raymond James Financial, Inc. reaffirmed a “market perform” rating and issued a C$12.50 price objective on shares of Air Canada in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Two equities research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating, six have given a buy rating and two have issued a strong buy rating to the company. The stock has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus target price of C$18.03. Air Canada Company Profile Air Canada is a domestic, United States transborder and international airline company. The Company is a provider of scheduled passenger services in the Canadian market, the Canada-United States transborder market and in the international market to and from Canada. Its mainline operates a fleet of approximately 170 aircraft, including Airbus narrow-body aircraft, over 70 Boeing and Airbus wide-body aircraft, and approximately Embraer 190 regional jets. Receive News & Ratings for Air Canada Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Canada and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Scud-Class Missile Launched by North Korea Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation Purchase Planning Handbook MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Defense > Ground-Based Interceptor Takes Out ICBM Target in Key Test You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Ground-Based Interceptor Takes Out ICBM Target in Key Test May 30, 2017 James Drew | Aerospace Daily & Defense Report EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 WASHINGTON -- The U.S.’s key shield against intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBM) attacks has notched a much-needed win at a strategically important moment in history. North Korea has been testing new and evolved long-range ballistic missiles almost weekly as it relentlessly pursues development of an intercontinental-range missile capable of striking the U.S. mainland with nuclear warheads. The Boeing-built Ground-based Midcourse Defense (GMD) is Washington’s primary ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must have an Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) account or subscribe to this Market Briefing to access "Ground-Based Interceptor Takes Out ICBM Target in Key Test".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles How Much Does A New ICBM Cost? 39   Classified Report On Hypersonics Says U.S. Lacking Urgency 92   U.S. Air Force Secretary: Service May Delay A-10 Retirement 227   Opinion: Six Nuclear Myths And Six Nuclear Truths 96   Lawmakers Ask For Assessment Of Restarting F-22 Production 200   Advertisement Defense: Market Briefing A subscription to Aerospace Daily & Defense Report is required to access these stories.   Philippines Requests Bids For Two Maritime Patrollers  Airbus, Partners Leave Room To Double Chinese H135 Plant  Leonardo, IMP Team For Cormorant Mid-Life Upgrade  North Korean Solid-Propellant Missile’s Range 1,000–2,000 Km  Skyguardian Sets Endurance Record For General Atomics  Lockheed Begins LM-100J Commercial Hercules Flights  USAF Says Boeing ‘Several Months Behind’ On Tanker  Boeing Protests USAF’s Compass Call Decision    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Advanced Machines for Aerospace Manufacturing Sponsored by: Makino...More Special Topics Home Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 Manchester terror attack Fine Gael leadership Home»Business Ryanair strategy: Tech meltdown unlikely, says airline Wednesday, May 31, 2017 Geoff Percival Ryanair is confident of not suffering the kind of technology meltdown that hit British Airways last weekend, causing the cancellation of hundreds of flights and a likely huge compensation bill for inconvenienced passengers. Ryanair chief executive officer Michael O'Leary and chief commercial officer David O'Brien Cat press briefing on bookings. Picture: Gareth Chaney “We’re not immune, we’re not complacent, but we don’t see it happening,” said Ryanair’s chief commercial officer David O’Brien, adding that the failure related to features of BA’s IT systems that Ryanair doesn’t share. He was speaking on the back of a strong set of annual results showing Ryanair grew post-tax profits, for the 12 months to the end of March, by 6% to nearly €1.32bn.  Revenue was up 2% to €6.65bn, earnings per share rose 14% to €1.05 and passenger numbers grew by 13% to 120m. Earnings were within the airline’s guidance range, despite turbulent market conditions which have led to profit warnings from some of its peers, and has “cautiously” forecast current year net profit of between €1.4bn and €1.45bn, while average fares are likely to fall by a further 5%-7%, due partly to a weaker sterling. While Brexit is Ryanair’s chief challenge — the airline has warned that it may have to stop selling UK flights from the end of 2018 if Britain and the EU fail to agree an aviation deal — the budget airline will counter any UK hit by bulking up existing bases around Europe. Regarding much-mooted long haul feeder flight/connectivity deals — Ryanair has been linked with tie-ins with Norwegian Air, Aer Lingus, and Tap Portugal — Mr O’Brien said agreements are being slowed by technical details, but at least one should be in place by the end of the year. Ryanair’s newly launched long-haul online booking arrangement with Spanish carrier Air Europa has already proved a success and has yielded at least 10 similar requests from other airlines, but is currently being viewed as “an experiment” by Ryanair rather than a definite new business avenue. Regarding any possibility of Ryanair still launching its own transatlantic service, Mr O’Brien said such a move is firmly no longer on the table and the subject hasn’t taken up “a nanosecond” of time at board meetings as there remains “a lot to be going on with in Europe”. Ryanair could buy up to 600 new planes from Boeing to boost its fleet over the next 15 years, but all planes will be used for new and existing European routes only, added Mr O’Brien. “As competitor airlines undergo deep restructuring, we are aware of the need to have additional short haul aircraft to respond quickly as these unique growth opportunities arise,” he said. READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS ryanair © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Cork jobs dispel Donald Trump threat, expert says European airline shares defy the turbulence to keep on climbing higher TDs call for ‘transparency’ over fees to AIB advisers Jeremy Corbyn victory may lift pound Breaking Stories Grant Thornton announces 250 new jobs and a centre of excellence for Dublin Lifestyle Why Corkonians are sharing their homes with tourists using Airbnb Gallery: Cool edits for a hot summer Limmy is prompting outrage with his Glaswegian glee Skibbereen exhibition to highlight links between West Cork and Cornwall More From The Irish Examiner These dance moves put any other high school reunion appearance to shame The Story of a Pencil - Thought-provoking video by Irish teens wins EPA competition WATCH: The adorable moment this drag queen invites a boy dressed in drag onstage Cork barber goes above and beyond to show his compassion for autistic teen WATCH: Finally an Irish summer lookbook that is true to life You ‘otter’ see these adorable photos of Dingle Aquarium's newest addition Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter New Assassin's Creed out by March 2018 Apple iPad mini facing discontinuation Lotto Results Saturday, May 27, 2017 2 5 12 34 41 47 29 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Irish college bosses in a flap after spate of crow attacks on campus Whistleblower prison officer faces dismissal CIT bosses in a flap after spate of crow attacks Cork teacher faked student numbers to earn extra grants Brendan O’Sullivan anti-doping violation down to ‘complete bad luck’ Autistic teen ‘unable to speak of trauma’ Outrage as photos emerge of dead dolphin at house party in student apartment in Cork Eoin Cadogan: Cork footballers always unloved Child protection failings: ‘It’s going to shock you beyond belief’ Tributes pour in for ‘greatly admired’ West Cork solicitor NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month BUSINESS Cork jobs dispel Donald Trump threat, expert says SPORT Lions brand has become a huge cash generator since first tour Summer may only be one game old, but for some it feels like it’s already over LIFESTYLE Gallery: Cool edits for a hot summer Why Corkonians are sharing their homes with tourists using Airbnb     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Wed, May 31, 2017 - Page 10　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp World Business Quick Take Agencies JAPAN Household spending drops Household spending last month dropped again, official figures showed yesterday, as consumers kept a tight hold on their purse strings despite years of government efforts to boost spending. The data attests to what analysts believe is a broader picture of the world’s third-largest economy — it is picking up steam overall, but tepid consumption continues to act as a drag. Spending by households of two or more people shrank 1.4 percent year-on-year, extending its declining streak of more than a year, data from the Ministry of Internal Affairs shows. The nation’s prospects have been improving on the back of strong exports, with investments linked to the Tokyo 2020 Olympics also giving the economy a shot in the arm. FRANCE Consumer confidence grows Consumer confidence last month hit its highest level since August 2007, statistics showed yesterday, as more people had a positive outlook about their future earnings as the country elected a youthful president with a reformist agenda. Coming in at 102 points, the consumer confidence index broke its long-term average of 100 points for the first time since the global economic crisis struck in the second half of 2007, the national statistics agency Insee said. The survey questions consumers about their perceptions of their personal finances and the general economy. Consumers’ confidence about their personal outlook jumped by four points to reach its long-term average for the first time since September 2007. While the figure for those who judge it a good time to make big purchases dropped by seven points, it still remained above its long-term average, Insee said. BANKING Commerzbank begins cuts Commerzbank AG has sent out early retirement offers to about 3,000 employees, a first key step in the German lender’s move toward cutting 9,600 jobs over four years, two people with knowledge of the matter said. The offer entitles eligible employees born before 1962 to a 30,000 euro (US$34,478) sweetener, the people said, asking not to be identified discussing internal affairs. Some employees have until the end of next month to decide and others until the end of August, the people said. The average salary at the bank last year was about 79,600 euros, based on total salary and wage costs of 3.5 billion euros and 44,267 employees. Chief executive officer Martin Zielke unveiled a turnaround strategy in September last year that calls for automating operations and shedding about one-fifth of the workforce to cut costs after a slump in earnings. AVIATION Ryanair reports 6% gain Ryanair Holdings PLC reported a 6 percent gain in annual earnings with moves by rivals to scale back capacity growth set to stem a slide in fares this year. Net income at Europe’s biggest discount airline increased to 1.32 billion euros in the 12 months ended March 31, from 1.24 billion euros in the same period last year a statement said. The carrier said it is in talks with Boeing Co to add two or three more jets to its existing delivery schedule while extending 10 of the company’s planned lease returns through 2019. While Ryanair has cut costs and slashed prices to undercut rivals and maintain market share amid a glut of capacity on European routes, the slide in fares should ease as supply better matches demand. That is expected to spur an increase in earnings of 8 percent to between 1.4 billion euros and 1.45 billion euros in fiscal 2018, the Dublin-based airline said. This story has been viewed 1006 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-05-24 to 2017-05-31 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Same-sex Marriage: Marriage restrictions ‘unconstitutional’ 2 Allies speak out for Taiwan at WHA 3 Taiwan’s national treasures: Plunder or preservation 4 NGO takes credit for Lee Ching-yu trip 5 Moody’s reduces China’s credit rating over debt concerns MORE  1 Extension requested for 228 claimants 2 Same-sex Marriage: Marriage restrictions ‘unconstitutional’ 3 Regulations stifling tech industry: TCA chairman 4 New Southbound Policy: ‘Southbound policy’ takes off in schools 5 Revisiting Hong Kong riots of 1967 MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Cricket Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# 3 years of Modi govt Manchester terror attack Kulbhushan Jadhav Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 News Business News AI-IA merger, purchase of 111 aircraft collective decision of Shares0 Tue, 30 May 2017-05:31pm , PTI Former civil aviation minister Praful Patel, whose role in the controversial merger of Air India and Indian Airlines, besides alleged irregularities in purchase of 111 aircraft by the two carriers is likely to be probed by the CBI, today said the decisions were "multi-tiered and collective". He said the central probe agency had also registered a preliminary enquiry on the related issued in 2013 when the UPA was in power. Asserting that "all decisions were multi-tiered and collective," he said "the aircraft purchase order was cleared by an Empowered Group of Ministers (EGoM) headed by P Chidambaram and the merger was cleared by an EGoM headed by Pranab Mukherjee." "Both the decisions were ratified by the Cabinet," the NCP leader said. The investigative agency had yesterday registered three FIRs and a preliminary enquiry (PE) to go into the controversial decisions made by the erstwhile Manmohan Singh government with regard to the two state-run carriers, including surrender of profitable routes to favour private airlines. The cases were registered against unidentified officials of Air India, Ministry of Civil Aviation and others under charges of criminal conspiracy, cheating and corruption. Patel refused to elaborate any further, saying "I do not wish to comment on the CBI action as it does not name any individual." The CBI's action followed the Supreme Court's January 5 direction on a petition filed by the Centre for Public Interest Litigation led by lawyer Prashant Bhushan. The process for the merger was initiated by Patel on March 16, 2006 when he had sought a concept paper on the merger. A presentation was made before the Prime Minister on March 22 that year. An Empowered Group of Ministers (GoM) had later examined the proposal. The merger proposal had received the Manmohan Singh Cabinet's approval on March 1, 2007. Indian Airlines officially merged with Air India in April 2007. The CAG had in 2011 questioned the rationale behind the government's decision to order 111 airplanes for AI and Indian Airlines--48 from Airbus and 68 from Boeing-- for about Rs 70,000 crore in 2006. The government auditor had called the merger of the two national carriers "ill-timed" and said, "the financial case for the merger was not adequately validated prior to the merger." (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Personal Finance Gain Warren Buffett's edge with value funds Business We are planning to export beyond 40 countries: Sanjeev G Pendharkar Business Brick and mortar retailers to step up capex by 15-20%: Crisil Business M&M lines up Rs 600-800 crore for EV development Business Power Grid lines up Rs 3 lakh cr capex Business Srei Group's power arm under stress Related States exempt stamp duty on re-allocated coal mines: Piyush Goyal Cabinet may take up aviation policy on Wednesday, passenger-friendly measures expected Zee Biz Originals View all India GDP numbers today: Here's what to expect Deceptively quick, India's economy seen staying course as global pacesetter States could potentially earn Rs 45,000 crore from GST Reliance Communications assures lenders of Rs 25,000 crore payment in four months Video Menstrual Hygiene Day | Watch how this mother educated her child about menstruation Bleed with pride: Watch this woman's powerful video against menstruation stigma WATCH: Priyanka Chopra PROPOSES to Tupac, BEATS up a clown, does the Baywatch run and more.... View all Tags Praful Patel Airbus Boeing Centre for Public Interest Litigation Pranab Mukherjee Prashant Bhushan Prime Minister Air India and Indian Airlines CBI Civil Aviation Empowered Group Manmohan Singh Cabinet Empowered Group of Ministers Ministry of Civil Aviation P Chidambaram Public Interest Litigation Supreme Court UPA SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Massive Kabul truck bomb kills 49, wounds hundreds Farmers in UP taking help of social media to seek redressal of Haryana police seize Rs one crore in demonetised notes French embassy in Kabul damaged in car bomb attack - minister French embassy in Kabul damaged in car bomb attack -minister Sport Rugby-Wasps sign centre Juan de Jongh from Stormers India, Australia favourites at CT despite off-field worries Soccer-Kruse lucky to be in squad, says Australia coach Postecoglou Tennis-Murray condemns Court comments, warns against Melbourne chaos Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Wednesday, May 31 Entertainment Ex-Oasis singer Liam honours UK bomb victims at emotional Manchester gig Avika Gor and Manish Raisinghan's short film 'I, Me, Myself' gets screened at Cannes Film Festival 2017 WATCH: 'Vitctoria and Abdul' trailer explores the INEXPLICABLE friendship between Judi Dench and Ali Fazal Dench sad she couldn't come to India, might visit later: Ali PeeCee slams critics of dress she wore to meet PM Modi Money Karnataka Min soon to meet IT employees assns on layoffs Adani and Queensland Govt. reach deal over royalties for Carmichael coal mine Jet Airways flies low, slips nearly 5 pct post Q4 results UK's IG sees FY pretax profit "modestly" ahead of last year Aurobindo receives USFDA approval to manufacture ADHD drug Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Wednesday, May 31, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Automotive Fields out at Ford; new CEO Hackett known for turnarounds Ford replaces CEO, shakes up management in new push to transform business ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on May 22, 2017 | Updated 9:24 a. m. Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Ford Motor Co. President and CEO Mark Fields speaks during a media preview of the 2018 Lincoln Navigator at the New York International Auto Show in New York on April 12. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge DETROIT — Ford is replacing CEO Mark Fields as it struggles to keep its traditional auto-manufacturing business running smoothly while remaking itself as a nimble, high-tech provider of new mobility services. The 114-year-old automaker said Fields is retiring at age 56 after 28 years at the company. Fields will be replaced by Jim Hackett, a former CEO of office furniture company Steelcase Inc. who joined Ford’s board in 2013. Hackett has led Ford’s mobility unit since March of last year. In a press conference Monday at Ford’s Dearborn headquarters, Hackett said Ford does a lot of things well, but is not as good at handling complex strategy questions. Hackett plans to have a small executive team that can set the company’s plans, communicate them clearly and make decisions quickly. That’s a contrast to Fields, who had 20 direct reports and was a product of Ford’s bureaucratic culture. “The biggest challenge I had (at Steelcase), and I will have here, is to have everybody see the future. They can see their opportunity in that. And secondly, that it’s our right to win and we don’t have to cede that to anybody, Tesla or any of them,” Hackett said. “I love that challenge because I know how to do that.” In three years as CEO, Fields began Ford’s transition from a traditional automaker into a “mobility” company, laying out plans to build autonomous vehicles and explore new services such as ride-hailing and car-sharing. Silicon Valley companies such as Google were pushing into the car business, while Uber and Lyft threatened to change people’s attitudes toward car ownership. In fact, it was Fields who put Hackett in charge of those projects as head of mobility. Under Fields, Ford achieved a record pretax profit of $10.8 billion in 2015 as SUV and truck sales soared in the U.S. But there were rumblings that Fields wasn’t focused enough on Ford’s core business. Popular products like the Fusion sedan and Escape SUV grew dated. Ford lagged behind rivals in bringing long-range electric cars to the market. Ford couldn’t pivot quickly; when subcompact SUV sales boomed in the U.S., for example, it didn’t bring over a small SUV being sold in other regions. The stock price sagged — electric car maker Tesla Inc. even passed Ford in market value earlier this year. Ford’s shares jumped nearly 2 percent to $11.06 in morning trading. The company’s stock price has fallen almost 40 percent since Fields became CEO in July 2014. Hackett was the CEO of Steelcase for 20 years. He is credited with transforming that company, in part by predicting the shift away from cubicles and into open office plans. He cut thousands of jobs and moved furniture production from the U.S. to Mexico to stem massive losses at the company. In an interview, Ford Motor Co. Executive Chairman Bill Ford called Hackett a “visionary” who knows how to remake a business. “These are really unparalleled times, and it really requires transformational leadership during these times,” Bill Ford said. Hackett also served as the interim athletic director at the University of Michigan from 2014 to 2016. In that role, he lured star football coach Jim Harbaugh. Bill Ford insisted that Fields wasn’t fired. He called Fields “an outstanding leader” who orchestrated the company’s turnaround a decade ago when he was head of Ford’s Americas division. “He and I sat down Friday and really decided this was the right time for him to go and for us to have new leadership,” Bill Ford said. Fields resurrected Ford’s luxury Lincoln brand and grew sales in China. His bet on using aluminum for Ford’s trucks paid off in terms of better fuel economy and strong sales. Fields opened an office in Silicon Valley to hire talented young researchers and scout out promising startups. But investors worried about Ford’s sliding U.S. market share and product decisions. U.S. sales are plateauing after years of growth, and Ford has been losing share in that all-important market. Unprofitable small cars have chipped away at some of the profit from SUVs. And in the electric car market, General Motors put the Chevrolet Bolt, with 238 miles of range, on sale last year; Ford is working on an electric SUV with 300 miles of range, but it’s not due out until 2020. Meanwhile, Mary Barra — who became GM’s CEO about six months before Fields became Ford’s — has made a series of headline-grabbing moves, such as forming a partnership with the ride-hailing company Lyft and pulling GM out of unprofitable markets, including Europe, India and South Africa. Even though GM shares are trading a few cents below the $33 initial public offering price from November 2010, the board appears satisfied with Barra’s performance. Hackett is confident he can placate and discontent on Wall Street. “The way that that gets fixed is the nature of the innovation and the ideas making their way into the market,” Hackett said. “It even sounds a little corny but the stock price is a consequence of the actions we’re going to take to make the company more fit, more profitable and a more fun place to work.” Barclay’s analyst Brian Johnson predicts more emphasis on cost-cutting under Hackett. GM has exceeded Wall Street’s profit expectations, while Ford’s results have been softer. Ford needs to turn that around for the share price to grow, Johnson said. Fields also had the tough job of following CEO Alan Mulally, another auto industry outsider who was hired away from Boeing to lead Ford. Mulally, who joined Ford in 2006 when it was near bankruptcy, was widely credited with ending internal bickering at Ford and streamlining manufacturing. As part of the shake-up, several Ford executives are taking on new roles as of June 1. Jim Farley, who led the company’s European division back to profitability, will become vice president of global markets and will oversee Lincoln, sales and marketing. Joe Hinrichs, president of Ford’s Americas division, will oversee global product development, manufacturing and quality. Marcy Klevorn, Ford’s chief technical officer, will oversee a new mobility division. Related Items united states , north america , michigan , General Motors Co , Steelcase Inc , Ford Motor Co , Alan R. Mulally , Mary Barra , Jim Hackett , Mark Fields , Jim harbaugh Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
