Military & Defense BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Mechanics contaminated Air Force One planes, causing $4 million in damage and threat of fire Adam Kredo, The Washington Free Beacon May 11, 2017, 4:01 PM 52,998 facebook linkedin twitter email print President Donald Trump departs Air Force One at Andrews Air Force Base, January 26, 2017. AP Photo/Jose Luis Magana Airline mechanics assigned to perform critical maintenance on the fleet of Air Force One planes used to fly President Donald Trump and previous presidents were caught using contaminated tools on the craft, causing more than $4 million in damage that could have caused a fire to break out on the plane, according to a federal investigation. Three mechanics working for Boeing, which has a contract to perform critical maintenance on the Air Force One fleet, "failed to observe explicit warnings" while attempting to clean the plane at a Boeing-owned plant in San Antonio, Texas. Boeing, which has caused a firestorm on Capitol Hill over its efforts to sell Iran billions of dollars worth of planes that many suspect will be used to facilitate terrorism operations, caused more than $4 million in damage to the plane. The dangerous cleaning methods employed by the Boeing employees could have caused a fire to break out on board the plane, according to an investigation, which refers to the three employees in question as "Mishap Mechanics," or "MM." The shoddy work took place during routine maintenance checks performed from April 1 through April 10 of 2016. Three mechanics involved in the incident all were "assigned to the Presidential Airlift Squadron, Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland," according to the investigation. "The three Boeing mechanics were supporting the heavy maintenance contract between the United States Air Force and Boeing." Investigators found that "three factors substantially contributed to the mishap." AP "First, MM2 failed to observe explicit warnings concerning cleanliness while performing tasks on the [plane's] oxygen system," according to the investigation. "Second, Boeing failed to exercise adequate oversight over the timeliness and quality of maintenance being performed on the [aircraft]. Lastly, MM1, MM2, and MM3 failed to absorb or retain oxygen system training and failed to apply cleanliness procedures while performing oxygen system maintenance." As of Thursday, "the cost to remediate the known contamination of the oxygen system is over $4 million, which was paid for by Boeing," according to the investigation. "There were no injuries as a result of the mishap." A Boeing spokesman would not say whether the mechanics in question had been disciplined or fired, according to Defense One. "We did complete some investigations alongside our Air Force partners," Davis told the publication. "Collectively, we did some corrective action reports so that we can ensure we have exemplary performance in the future." Get the latest Boeing stock price here. Read the original article on The Washington Free Beacon. Copyright 2017. Follow The Washington Free Beacon on Twitter. More from The Washington Free Beacon: SEE ALSO: A SWAT team in Los Angeles shot and killed a suspect from a helicopter for the first time NOW WATCH: Here are 3 of the strangest projects DARPA has worked on since its creation Loading video... More: The Washington Free Beacon Air Force One Boeing Mechanic Donald Trump facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Mechanics contaminated Air Force One planes, causing $4 million in damage and threat of fire Mechanics contaminated Air Force One planes, causing $4 million in damage and threat of fire Airline mechanics assigned to perform critical... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured WATCH! This week's episode of The Bottom Line with Henry Blodget More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Military & Defense Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Toggle navigation Login Register RS Gathering Diaries × Toggle navigation Has Boeing Been Aiding Terrorists Under Obama’s Iran Deal? Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Has Boeing Been Aiding Terrorists Under Obama’s Iran Deal? Posted at 6:46 pm on May 11, 2017 by Sarah Lee Share on Facebook Share on Twitter A story broke this morning detailing an investigation last year into malfeasance by Boeing. The aerospace giant reportedly, during routine maintenance, contaminated to a potentially life-threatening degree the president’s (at the time that would have been Obama) Air Force One fleet of aircraft. But the timing of the release of the Air Force investigation was odd to say the least. The contamination occurred back in April 2016, and presumably the report was conducted quickly and wasn’t released until a year later. The Washington Free Beacon reports: Airline mechanics assigned to perform critical maintenance on the fleet of Air Force One planes used to fly President Donald Trump and previous presidents were caught using contaminated tools on the craft, causing more than $4 million in damage that could have caused a fire to break out on the plane, according to a federal investigation. And then, without making an overt suggestion, they include this: Boeing, which has caused a firestorm on Capitol Hill over its efforts to sell Iran billions of dollars worth of planes that many suspect will be used to facilitate terrorism operations, caused more than $4 million in damage to the plane. So, with a little digging, the Iran connection became clearer thanks to an op-ed written by Cliff May of The Foundation for Defense of Democracies: President Trump should refrain from facilitating Iran’s support for terrorism and war crimes. For example: During the final months of the Obama administration, the U.S. Treasury Department issued a license for Boeing to sell 100 new planes to Iran Air, “The Airline of the Islamic Republic of Iran.” Treasury also issued licenses to Airbus for a similarly sized deal. Iranian officials claim these aircraft will be used for civilian purposes only. The evidence suggests they’re lying. In fact, May writes, his colleague at FDD, Dr. Emanuele Ottolenghi, has been tracking air flights between Tehran and Damascus, Syria and there have been, by his count, “768 since Jan. 16, 2016, the day that President Obama’s nuclear deal with Iran, the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) was implemented. Of those, 129 were on Iran Air.” Dr. Ottolenghi believes few, if any, are ferrying tourists keen on sightseeing, shopping and fine dining. He believes they are supplying military equipment and fighters in support of Mr. Assad’s forces and those of Hezbollah, Iran’s Lebanon-based proxy militia which has been deployed to help defend Mr. Assad’s regime. The release of this new investigative report into how Boeing was mistreating the President’s own planes was no doubt timed to get in front of what looks to be a probable restriction (pure speculation but how else can it end?) on Boeing from conducting business as it was promised under Obama’s Iran Deal. Perhaps the Trump administration is finally figuring out how to message. Trending Mike Flynn Gets His Well Earned Senate Subpoena streiff Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Tags: boeing Iran Iran Deal Obama Syria Trump Recent Stories Was Tim Allen’s ‘Last Man Standing’ Cancelled Because of Trump? Brad Slager LDS Church Partially Pulling Out of 100+ Year Partnership With Boy Scouts of America Jennifer Van Laar Has Boeing Been Aiding Terrorists Under Obama’s Iran Deal? Sarah Lee COMMENTS POSTING RULES  |  LOGIN TO COMMENT  |  REGISTER TODAY Trending Was Tim Allen’s ‘Last Man Standing’ Cancelled Because of Trump? New Poll: Was The Firing Of James Comey Appropriate? LDS Church Partially Pulling Out of 100+ Year Partnership With Boy Scouts of America Sensei Hannity Challenges the Divine Miss M to a Fight Behind the Gym After School Pop Culture Matters Because it Has the Power to Make People Stupid New Poll: Was The Firing Of James Comey Appropriate? Susan Wright You Can Own a Piece of Trumpian Paradise for a Cool $28 Million Teri Christoph Are You Using The Russian Cybersecurity Product Explored During Senate Intel Hearings Today? Susan Wright Condoleeza Rice Debates Russia and the Election on the View (VIDEO) streiff No, Trump Should not Fire Sean Spicer Teri Christoph Water Cooler Open Thread 5/11/17; Comey’s FBI’s Foul Ups Joliphant Related Stories Was Tim Allen’s ‘Last Man Standing’ Cancelled Because of Trump? Brad Slager Has Boeing Been Aiding Terrorists Under Obama’s Iran Deal? Sarah Lee Trending on Townhall Media John Oliver’s secret life as a penthouse-dwelling millionaire - Hot Air hotair.com Loser-Pays Tort Reform | Human Events humanevents.com Ted Cruz Was Asked If Warren Could Beat Trump in 2020, His Answer Has Everyone Talking redstate.com VIDEO: Sex Ed For Young Kids Rolled Out At CPS Schools finance.townhall.com Home RS Gathering Advertise Newsletters Privacy Policy Terms of Use Copyright RedState.com. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Election / Plane in Air Force One fleet was at risk of catching fire Plane in Air Force One fleet was at risk of catching fire Posted on Thursday, May 11, 2017 by CNN in Election Three Boeing mechanics caused $4 million of damage and could have sparked a mid-flight fire while repairing one of the planes in the Air Force One fleet, a federal investigation has found. The oxygen system aboard one of the two VC-25 aircraft available to President Donald Trump was contaminated while the plane was undergoing maintenance at a Boeing plant in San Antonio, Texas between April 1 and April 10, 2016, according to an incident report released by Air Force investigators this week. The mechanics “caused the mishap by supplying and using non-oxygen clean tools, parts, components, a regulator, and an unauthorized cleaning procedure while performing oxygen system leak checks,” according to the report. Tools and components used to repair a plane’s oxygen system must be cleaned in a particular way to remove any residue that could react when it comes into contact with oxygen, the report noted. If left unchecked, a contaminated oxygen system could increase the risk of fire or even cause an explosion. Last year’s mishap did not result in any injuries and the aerospace contractor paid for the damages. “Boeing fully understands the level of responsibility that comes from working on the President’s aircraft,” Boeing told CNN in a written statement. The incident had previously been reported by the Air Force Times. The investigation was triggered when one of the Boeing mechanics notified his superiors that something looked awry, according to Boeing. “We took swift action to self-report the incident to the US Air Force. The oxygen system was remediated by Boeing at no cost to the government,” the company’s statement said. The US Air Force has completed a number of independent inspections on the aircraft and determined that it meets all FAA Federal Aviation Administration and US Air Force requirements, according to Boeing, which added that the plane has returned to the Air Force and is preparing for presidential service. Boeing has a contract with the US Air Force to not only build the President’s aircraft but also to perform critical maintenance on both planes in the fleet. The damaged aircraft is operated by the Presidential Airlift Squadron at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland. But the potentially dangerous outcome of failing to use proper cleaning procedures on the President’s aircraft has raised questions about Boeing’s training and oversight methods. Investigators found that the mechanics “failed to observe explicit warnings concerning cleanliness” while working on the oxygen system — one of three major factors identified as leading to the contamination. The incident report also noted that Boeing failed to exercise adequate oversight over the repair procedures, and the mechanics failed to learn the information taught during oxygen system training. While Boeing would not comment on whether the mechanics mentioned in the report remain employed by the company, spokesman Ben Davis did tell CNN that they have “completed multiple investigations and corrective action plans so that we ensure stellar performance in the future.” The two Air Force One jets currently in use were ordered by President Ronald Reagan — the interiors were selected by first lady Nancy Reagan — and were delivered in 1990 during George H.W. Bush’s administration. Both are getting increasingly expensive to fly and maintain. Boeing is currently developing a replacement Air Force One model — a project that famously caught the attention of President-elect Trump late last year. “Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order!” Trump tweeted at the time. Within hours of the tweet, Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg was on the phone with Trump for the first time, congratulating the President on his election win, committing to control the jet’s cost and extending an invitation to Trump to visit his company’s factories, according to one person familiar with the call. Boeing has said it currently has an Air Force One contract worth $170 million. Trump contradicts spokeswoman on effect of Comey firing, says it may 'lengthen out the investigation' Comey turmoil continues to cloud Trump White House Related Posts Trump tweets about Freedom Caucus: ‘We must fight them, & Dems’ Source: Obama ‘ready to explode’ onto 2016 campaign trail Zombie Social Security numbers threaten agency What’s in the Iran nuclear deal Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies Macron selects 428 parliamentary candidates and exactly half are women Business Standard Boeing must clear 737 MAX engines with US aviation regulator to fly again Boeing suspended test flights due to quality issue with some of low-pressure turbine discs in engine Reuters  |  Seattle  May 12, 2017 Last Updated at 04:26 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVhgEp A Boeing 737 MAX ALSO READ Boeing wins $8.8 bn in 737 MAX orders, still short of goal Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights due to engine issue Boeing to set up first overseas factory in China Boeing sounds out SpiceJet and Jet Airways on 737 MAX-10 aircraft Boeing gets $8.25 bn order for 737 MAX 8 planes from GE leasing Boeing Co must get the go-ahead from the US aviation regulator in order to put its 737 MAX jetliner back into the air after the planemaker announced on Wednesday it had grounded the new aircraft due to an engine problem, just as it was set to start deliveries. The regulatory hurdle could push back the resumption of 737 MAX flights, a potentially serious issue for Boeing if it delays the scheduled first deliveries of the $110 million plane to airlines this month. The delivery of a plane is a crucial step for Boeing since it receives the bulk of its payment when it turns over the aircraft keys and airlines fly their new planes home from the factory. Boeing and engine maker CFM International must submit data to the US Federal Aviation Administration and the FAA has to "review it and determine that those engines can be cleared for flight," said Jamie Jewell a spokesman for CFM, a joint venture between General Electric Co and Safran SA of France. It was not immediately clear how long that process might take. The FAA spokeswoman said she was checking on the matter. Boeing said it still plans to deliver the first of the planes to customers this month. It said on Wednesday it had suspended 737 MAX test flights due to a quality issue with some of the low-pressure turbine discs in the engine, known as the LEAP-1B. The nickel-based alloy discs had a flaw from forging that could make them prone to cracking, Jewell said, adding that discs from a second supplier were not affected. However, the FAA review applies to all LEAP-1B engines, Jewell said, not just the 30 to 40 with suspected bad parts. "In their mind, all LEAP-1B engines are equal," she said. Key moneymaker Boeing has engines at the factory without the suspected parts, but CFM and Boeing "have to demonstrate to the FAA's satisfaction that the issue is not present," Jewell said. The engines could be installed in short order once approval is granted, Jewell said. The "suspect engines" will be shipped to CFM facilities in the United States and France for inspection and possible repair. Safran said earlier Thursday that it expected inspections to be completed within a few weeks. "We are doing everything to ensure that the first delivery can go ahead in May," Safran Aircraft Engines' Chief Executive Olivier Andries told reporters. The 737 MAX replaces an older version of Boeing's best-selling single-aisle aircraft, a key moneymaker for the aerospace company. The 737 MAX 8, the first version of the plane to be built, seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration. Boeing had been set to deliver the first 737 MAX on Monday to Malindo Air of Malaysia. Boeing has built up an inventory of planes outside its Renton, Washington, factory, and at a nearby Seattle airport known as Boeing Field. Reuters counted 23 Boeing 737 MAX airplanes at the facilities this week, excluding test aircraft. The 737 MAX 8 carries a list price of $110 million but typically sells at a steep discount. Read More On Boeing | Us Regulator | Boeing Engines | Aviation Regulator | 737 Max Jetliner | International | Companies PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Boeing must clear 737 MAX engines with US aviation regulator to fly again Boeing suspended test flights due to quality issue with some of low-pressure turbine discs in engine Boeing suspended test flights due to quality issue with some of low-pressure turbine discs in engine Boeing Co must get the go-ahead from the US aviation regulator in order to put its 737 MAX jetliner back into the air after the planemaker announced on Wednesday it had grounded the new aircraft due to an engine problem, just as it was set to start deliveries. The regulatory hurdle could push back the resumption of 737 MAX flights, a potentially serious issue for Boeing if it delays the scheduled first deliveries of the $110 million plane to airlines this month. The delivery of a plane is a crucial step for Boeing since it receives the bulk of its payment when it turns over the aircraft keys and airlines fly their new planes home from the factory. Boeing and engine maker CFM International must submit data to the US Federal Aviation Administration and the FAA has to "review it and determine that those engines can be cleared for flight," said Jamie Jewell a spokesman for CFM, a joint venture between General Electric Co and Safran SA of France. It was not immediately clear how long that process might take. The FAA spokeswoman said she was checking on the matter. Boeing said it still plans to deliver the first of the planes to customers this month. It said on Wednesday it had suspended 737 MAX test flights due to a quality issue with some of the low-pressure turbine discs in the engine, known as the LEAP-1B. The nickel-based alloy discs had a flaw from forging that could make them prone to cracking, Jewell said, adding that discs from a second supplier were not affected. However, the FAA review applies to all LEAP-1B engines, Jewell said, not just the 30 to 40 with suspected bad parts. "In their mind, all LEAP-1B engines are equal," she said. Key moneymaker Boeing has engines at the factory without the suspected parts, but CFM and Boeing "have to demonstrate to the FAA's satisfaction that the issue is not present," Jewell said. The engines could be installed in short order once approval is granted, Jewell said. The "suspect engines" will be shipped to CFM facilities in the United States and France for inspection and possible repair. Safran said earlier Thursday that it expected inspections to be completed within a few weeks. "We are doing everything to ensure that the first delivery can go ahead in May," Safran Aircraft Engines' Chief Executive Olivier Andries told reporters. The 737 MAX replaces an older version of Boeing's best-selling single-aisle aircraft, a key moneymaker for the aerospace company. The 737 MAX 8, the first version of the plane to be built, seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration. Boeing had been set to deliver the first 737 MAX on Monday to Malindo Air of Malaysia. Boeing has built up an inventory of planes outside its Renton, Washington, factory, and at a nearby Seattle airport known as Boeing Field. Reuters counted 23 Boeing 737 MAX airplanes at the facilities this week, excluding test aircraft. The 737 MAX 8 carries a list price of $110 million but typically sells at a steep discount. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Boeing must clear 737 MAX engines with US aviation regulator to fly again Boeing suspended test flights due to quality issue with some of low-pressure turbine discs in engine Boeing Co must get the go-ahead from the US aviation regulator in order to put its 737 MAX jetliner back into the air after the planemaker announced on Wednesday it had grounded the new aircraft due to an engine problem, just as it was set to start deliveries. The regulatory hurdle could push back the resumption of 737 MAX flights, a potentially serious issue for Boeing if it delays the scheduled first deliveries of the $110 million plane to airlines this month. The delivery of a plane is a crucial step for Boeing since it receives the bulk of its payment when it turns over the aircraft keys and airlines fly their new planes home from the factory. Boeing and engine maker CFM International must submit data to the US Federal Aviation Administration and the FAA has to "review it and determine that those engines can be cleared for flight," said Jamie Jewell a spokesman for CFM, a joint venture between General Electric Co and Safran SA of France. It was not immediately clear how long that process might take. The FAA spokeswoman said she was checking on the matter. Boeing said it still plans to deliver the first of the planes to customers this month. It said on Wednesday it had suspended 737 MAX test flights due to a quality issue with some of the low-pressure turbine discs in the engine, known as the LEAP-1B. The nickel-based alloy discs had a flaw from forging that could make them prone to cracking, Jewell said, adding that discs from a second supplier were not affected. However, the FAA review applies to all LEAP-1B engines, Jewell said, not just the 30 to 40 with suspected bad parts. "In their mind, all LEAP-1B engines are equal," she said. Key moneymaker Boeing has engines at the factory without the suspected parts, but CFM and Boeing "have to demonstrate to the FAA's satisfaction that the issue is not present," Jewell said. The engines could be installed in short order once approval is granted, Jewell said. The "suspect engines" will be shipped to CFM facilities in the United States and France for inspection and possible repair. Safran said earlier Thursday that it expected inspections to be completed within a few weeks. "We are doing everything to ensure that the first delivery can go ahead in May," Safran Aircraft Engines' Chief Executive Olivier Andries told reporters. The 737 MAX replaces an older version of Boeing's best-selling single-aisle aircraft, a key moneymaker for the aerospace company. The 737 MAX 8, the first version of the plane to be built, seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration. Boeing had been set to deliver the first 737 MAX on Monday to Malindo Air of Malaysia. Boeing has built up an inventory of planes outside its Renton, Washington, factory, and at a nearby Seattle airport known as Boeing Field. Reuters counted 23 Boeing 737 MAX airplanes at the facilities this week, excluding test aircraft. The 737 MAX 8 carries a list price of $110 million but typically sells at a steep discount. Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Connect With Us Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Technology > Propulsion > Boeing Puts 737 MAX Flight Testing On Hold Over Leap Issue You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Boeing Puts 737 MAX Flight Testing On Hold Over Leap Issue Leap 1B inspection halts Boeing 737 MAX flight tests, but dual sourcing will enable fast restart May 12, 2017 Guy Norris | Aviation Week & Space Technology EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Compared to earlier generations of Boeing 737 flight-test development, the certification campaign for the MAX has been comparatively drama-free, ahead of schedule and without significant interruption. In readiness for the MAX, Boeing had doubled down on pretest preparations, anxious to avoid a repeat of the 787 experience or the sort of issues that blemished the early development of the current 737 Next Generation, which was hit by structural, systems and certification delays. This ... SUBSCRIBE TO ACCESS THIS ARTICLE "Boeing Puts 737 MAX Flight Testing On Hold Over Leap Issue" is part of Aviation Week & Space Technology’s subscription package. Click “subscribe now” below to view your options.     Current Aviation Week & Space Technology magazine subscribers: simply use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access. SUBSCRIBE NOW Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing Defines Final 737 MAX Stretch Offering 134   Boeing MAX Stretch Variant Poses Engine Challenges 79   Boeing To Define Midsize Market Initiative Within One Year 61   Simpler 737-10X, New Midsize Airplane Both ‘Doable’ 92   Boeing Readies 737 MAX For First Flight 42   Advertisement Aviation Week & Space Technology   Latest Analysis View Print Magazine   LOGIN | FAQs | CONTACT US Advertisement Newsletter Signup Sign-up to receive our free newsletters Aviation Week newsletter - (Daily) View Sample E-mail: Country: Select countryUNITED STATESCANADAABU DHABIADENAFGHANISTANAL HUCEMAS ISALBANIAALGERIAANDAMAN ISANDORRAANGOLAANGUILLAANTIGUAARGENTINAARMENIAARUBAASCENSION ISAUSTRALIAAUSTRIAAZERBAIJANAZORES ISBAHAMASBAHRAINBANGLADESHBARBADOSBARBUDABELARUSBELEARIC ISBELGIUMBELIZEBENINBERMUDABHUTANBOLIVIABORNEOBOSNIA-HERZEGOVINABOTSWANABRAZILBRITISH VIRGIN ISBRITISH WEST INDIESBRUNEIBULGARIABURKINA FASOBURUNDICAMBODIACAMEROONCANARY ISLANDSCAPE VERDE ISLANDSCAYMAN ISLANDSCENTRAL AFRICAN REPCHADCHAFERINAS ISCHANNEL ISCHATHAM ISCHILECHINACOCO ISLANDCOLOMBIACOMOROSCONGOCOOK ISCOOK ISLANDSCOSTA RICACROATIACUBACYPRUSCZECH REPUBLICDENMARKDJIBOUTIDOMINICADOMINICAN REPUBLICEAST TIMORECUADOREGYPTEL SALVADORENGLANDERITREAESTONIAETHIOPIAFAEROE ISLANDSFALKLAND ISLANDSFIJIFINLANDFRANCEFRENCH GUIANAFRENCH POLYNESIAFRENCH WEST INDIESFUTUNA ISLANDSGABONGAMBIAGAZA STRIPGEORGIAGERMANYGHANAGIBRALTARGILBERT ISGREECEGREENLANDGRENADAGUADELOUPEGUATEMALAGUERNSEYGUINEAGUYANAHAITIHONDURASHONG KONGHUNGARYICELANDINDIAINDONESIAIRANIRAQIRELANDISLE OF MANISRAELITALYIVORY COASTJAMAICAJAPANJORDANKAZAKHSTANKENYAKIRGHIZIAKIRIBATIKOSOVOKUWAITKYRGYZSTANLAOSLATVIALEBANONLESOTHOLIBERIALIBYALIECHTENSTEINLITHUANIALUXEMBOURGMACAOMACEDONIAMADAGASCARMALAGASYMALAWIMALAYSIAMALDIVESMALIMALTAMARSHALL ISLANDSMARTINIQUEMAURITANIAMAURITIUSMAYOTTEMEXICOMICRONESIAMOLDOVAMOLUCA ISMONACOMONGOLIAMONTENEGROMONTSERRATMOROCCOMOZAMBIQUEMYANMARNAMIBIANAURUNEPALNETHERLAND ANTILLESNETHERLANDSNEVISNEW CALEDONIANEW GUINEANEW ZEALANDNICARAGUANIGERNIGERIANORTH KOREANORTHERN IRELANDNORWAYOMANORKNEY ISPAKISTANPALAUPALESTINEPANAMAPARACEL ISLANDSPARAGUAYPERUPHILIPPINESPHOENIX ISPITCAIRN ISPOLANDPORTUGALQATARREUNIONROMANIARUSSIARWANDASAN MARINOSAO TOME E PRINCIPESARAWAKSAUDI ARABIASCOTLANDSENEGALSERBIASEYCHELLESSIERRA LEONESINGAPORESLOVAK REPUBLICSLOVENIASOLOMON ISLANDSSOMALIASOUTH AFRICASOUTH KOREASPAINSRI LANKAST CROIXST KITTSST LUCIAST MAARTENST MARTINST PIERREST VINCENTSUDANSURINAMESWAZILANDSWEDENSWITZERLANDSYRIATAHITITAIWANTAJIKISTANTANZANIATASMANIATHAILANDTIBETTOGOTONGATRINIDAD AND TOBAGOTUNISIATURKEYTURKMENISTANTURKS ISLANDTUVALUUGANDAUKRAINEUNITED ARAB EMIRATESURUGUAYUZBEKISTANVANUATUVATICAN CITYVENEZUELAVIETNAMWALESWALLIS ISLANDWESTERN SAHARAWESTERN SAMOAYEMENZAIREZAMBIAZIMBABWE By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.* Subscribe Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Advanced Machines for Aerospace Manufacturing Sponsored by: Makino...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Special Topics Home Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:04 GMT +312 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing Pays Tab on $4M Damage to POTUS’ Air Force One After Dangerous Mistake © AP Photo/ Cliff Owen US 00:21 12.05.2017(updated 03:15 12.05.2017) Get short URL 489662 A new government report has found that Boeing mechanics accidentally left the president’s personal ride in the sky vulnerable to fire. The issue wound up causing $4 million in damage to oxygen systems on one of the two jets comprising Air Force One.  Colloquially, Air Force One has come to mean the president’s private, highly customizable Boeing 747-200B series aircraft. Technically, however, any US Air Force aircraft carrying the president earns the title Air Force One.  © AP Photo/ Kim Hong-Ji Boeing Wins Multimillion Contract for Super Hornet Fighter Sustainment Package A mishap involving the use of a contaminated regulator and other tools during jet maintenance in April 2016 led to the potential fire hazard. Contractors’ failure to abide by explicit warnings for work on oxygen systems, inadequate oversight of the mistake and insufficient mechanic training were also cited in the Accident Investigation Board report created by Air Force Material Command. Specifically, tools used to work on the plane must be sanitized to clean off any materials that might react when they come in contact with oxygen. But one mechanic was quoted as lackadaisically telling another repairman, “Here [is] some cleaning fluid. Do with it what you want. Use it if you want, but I don’t know anything about it.” The Air Force said the hiccup was “discovered after an unapproved regulator was found connected to the passenger oxygen system.” “We fully understand the level of responsibility that comes from working on the president’s aircraft,” a Boeing spokesman told the Air Force Times. The Chicago-based aerospace and defense firm paid the $4 million in expenses to resolve the issue.  ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 62 Related: Boeing Pitches ‘Super’ Super Hornets to Replace F-35 Boeing Wins $42Mln for Cryptography Used in US Combat Survival System Billions at Stake: Boeing Deploys Weaponized Info in Fighter Jet Battle Boeing Inks Nearly $3.3 Billion to Produce Apache Helicopters for Saudi Arabia Boeing to Provide Harpoon Missile Services to US Navy, Foreign Nations Tags: Air Force One, Boeing, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 10:00Obama's Legacy: US Beefing Up Its Military Presence in E Europe at Full Throttle 09:58Inevitable Punishment: Russia Opens Criminal Cases Over Kiev Killing Civilians 09:55Open Door in Exchange for Action? EU 'Weary of Ukraine's Political Limbo' 09:23China, Russia to Sign Deal on Primorye-1 International Transport Corridor 08:48Centrist Francois Bayrou Favorite to Become New French Prime Minister – PollAll news ‘Miserable Fate’: US Navy’s Nuclear Submarine Strikes a Nerve in North Korea 25255 Satellite Images: Beijing Installing Missile Systems on South China Sea Islands 10742 Tactical Superiority: How 16 Russian Special Forces Took Out 300 Terrorists 10229 North Korea Taunts Seoul With ‘Satellite Photos’ of THAAD 9162 US THAAD Systems Incapable of Intercepting China’s ICBMs, Ex-US Official Says 7520All news FBI Director James Comey Fired By Trump - White House 28 Rewriting History: Croatia Whitewashes WWII Fascist Crimes 24 Satellite Images: Beijing Installing Missile Systems on South China Sea Islands 23 Condoleezza Rice: US Invaded Iraq to Oust Saddam Hussein, Not to Bring Democracy 23 WATCH: Family Beach Trip Goes South Thanks to Anti-Muslim Rant 21All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics And He Scores! Putin Hits the Ice at Night Hockey League Festival in Sochi Russians Strike Again Results of the French Presidential Election News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Former Fed Chair Greenspan Warns of Deficit Spending Disaster Ahead Home | TheWire Tags: 737 max | boeing | suspended | jetliner 737 Max Jetliners on Hold as Boeing Scrambles to Solve Engine Issue The first Boeing 737 MAX 9 airliner is pictured at the company's factory on March 7, 2017 in Renton, Washington. (Stephen Brashear/Getty Images) By Clyde Hughes   |   Thursday, 11 May 2017 03:32 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    737 Max jetliner flights have been temporarily suspended by Boeing over a possible manufacturing flaw in the engines. The 737 Max jetliner had been the fastest-selling airplane in the history of Boeing before the announcement, according to Bloomberg. The media outlet stated that Boeing, along with engine's supplier CFM International — a joint venture of General Electric and Safran SA — is scrambling to determine the issues with the engine before its first delivery. The Seattle Times reported that the metal disc inside some of the new engines could potentially crack, although no problems were detected during flight testing of the Max jets since January 2016. "Out of an abundance of caution, we decided to temporarily suspend Max flights," Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said, according to the Times. The announcement will ground about 25 Max test jets and production planes at Boeing Field or Renton Municipal Airport. "We will work closely with CFM to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue. Max production will continue, as will production and delivery of our (current model) 737 airplanes," Alder continued. Boeing had expected to make its initial deliveries of the 737 Max by the end of May, but the possible quality defect in the Leap engine's low-pressure turbine disc was discovered during supplier inspections, Bloomberg reported. Reuters reported that if problems continue, it could lead to some costly disruptions. The $110 million 737 Max 8, the first version of the plane to be built, seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration, the wire agency noted. Airlines usually receive steep discounts, though. Reuters stated that Malindo Air, a Malaysian carrier, was scheduled to get the first 737 Max on Monday for use on its Kuala Lumpur-Singapore route from May 19, but officials said they will not use the plane until May 22. American Airlines Group Inc. has 100 737 Max jetliners on order, but declined to comment on the reported engine problems, noted Reuters. Related Stories: Boeing Layoffs: Hundreds of Engineers Being Let Go Trump: Boeing Air Force One Costs $4B, 'Cancel Order' © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share TheWire 737 Max jetliner flights have been temporarily suspended by Boeing over a possible manufacturing flaw in the engines. 737 max, boeing, suspended, jetliner 326 Thursday, 11 May 2017 03:32 PM 2017-32-11 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus   Most Popular 8 Top Choices to Replace Comey at FBI Wednesday, 10 May 2017 | 25 comments Trey Gowdy...... Ed Murray Drops Seattle Mayor Re-election Bid Amid Abuse Claims Tuesday, 09 May 2017 | 21 comments After looking at that picture I'd vote guilty on that jury against this... Ferguson Protester Dead, Was Subject of Iconic Photograph Friday, 05 May 2017 | 56 comments What they said about him always happy and loving his children could not be... Betsy DeVos Booed During Commencement Speech, Grads Turn Backs Wednesday, 10 May 2017 | 19 comments Kudos to DeVos for having the courage to walk into a larder of snakes.... Dwayne Johnson for President? Actor Tells GQ What He'd Do Wednesday, 10 May 2017 | 17 comments Take away his scripts and steroids and what have you got??Not much!!... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Manufacturers > Boeing breaks ground on China’s 737 completion and delivery center Boeing breaks ground on China’s 737 completion and delivery center May 11, 2017 Katie Cantle EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Photo Gallery: This Week in Aviation-May 8-12, 2017 Advertisement Boeing has broken ground on a 737 completion and delivery center in Zhoushan, China, which is in the Zhejiang Province, as the US manufacturer seeks to expand its global footprint and strategic partnership with China. As Boeing’s first overseas factory, the completion and delivery center is scheduled to go into formal operation in 2018 and be ready for aircraft delivery by the end of 2018. The delivery center is expected to deliver 8-10 aircraft every month and about 100 aircraft every year. Last October, Boeing signed a strategic cooperation framework agreement with Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) and the Zhejiang provincial government in Hangzhou for the center. According to Boeing, the 737 completion center is a joint venture with COMAC while the delivery center is wholly owned by Boeing. The completion and delivery center covers a total area of 40 hectares (99 acres) and includes a manufacturing hangar, paint hangar, delivery center office building, MRO hangar, fire station and storage facilities. Industry analysts cited the “huge potential of Chinese market” as the main reason for the center. To date, about one-fifth of globally produced narrowbody aircraft will be delivered to China. Similarly, Airbus broke ground on an A330 completion and delivery center in China last year, in addition to an A320 final assembly line opened in Tianjin in 2008. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Airbus breaks ground on A330 completion and delivery center   Boeing breaks ground on new $1 billion 777X composite wing center in Everett   Allegiant Air breaks ground on US East Coast training facility   Boeing opens $1 billion 777X composite wing center 6   Boeing breaks ground on South Carolina 787 FAL   Blogs & Commentary May 10, 2017 blog The face of an airline It is almost impossible to imagine Etihad Airways without James Hogan, but come July that will be a reality. How do airline brands move on when their face changes?...More May 5, 2017 blog Doug Parker: ‘Our stock is so undervalued it defies logic’ What will it take for Wall Street to buy into the notion that US airlines are safe—and even forward-thinking—investments?...More May 2, 2017 blog US lawmakers are angry, but want airlines to self-regulate Today’s congressional hearing on US airline customer service was certainly a venting exercise for lawmakers. The question is, will this new wave of airline bashing stop at angry words or be followed by regulation?...More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location May 3, 2017 Article Boom CEO sees market for 1,000 supersonic passenger jets by 2035 Denver-based Boom Technology founder and CEO Blake Scholl believes the company’s first supersonic passenger aircraft can enter commercial service as soon as 2023 and there is a market for as many as 1,000 supersonic airliners to be delivered by 2035....More May 2, 2017 Article A4A airlines will no longer remove boarded passengers from aircraft All Airlines for America (A4A) member airlines are now committed to not removing a boarded passenger from an aircraft in a bumping situation and all are committed to ensuring crew being transported are booked in advance, A4A president and CEO Nicholas Calio said....More May 2, 2017 Article Confident businesses, consumers drive strong air travel demand Global air travel demand is more robust than expected so far in 2017 because of growing business and consumer confidence, according to IATA chief economist Brian Pearce....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 338 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Emirates airline profits plunge 83% in past year Airline cited headwinds ranging from terrorism in Europe to travel restrictions to the U.S. Post to Facebook Emirates airline profits plunge 83% in past year Airline cited headwinds ranging from terrorism in Europe to travel restrictions to the U.S.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2q6BCkZ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 1 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Emirates airline profits plunge 83% in past year By Aya Batrawy and Adam Schreck, Associated Press Published 2:36 p.m. ET May 11, 2017 | Updated 12 hours ago FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Emirates airline shows off its Airbus A380 at Washington Dulles  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. The economy cabin on Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first-class cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first-class cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first-class cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" is seen after landing at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first-class cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The "shower spa" area of the first-class cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet as seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The "shower spa" area of the first-class cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet as seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The "shower spa" area of the first-class cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet as seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen One of the two sets of stairs on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet as seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The cockpit on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The cockpit on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first-class cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first-class cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business-class cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first-class cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business-class cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business-class cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The premium-cabin bar on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The premium-cabin bar area on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy cabin on Emirates Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles on Feb. 23, 2016. Items for children passengers are seen on the seats.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy cabin on Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy cabin on Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen One of the two sets of stairs on Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" is seen at a gate at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen One of the two sets of stairs on Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen A coach-class lavatory on Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen A coach-class kids' meal is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen A coach-class kids' meal is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" is seen at a gate at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen A Washington Dulles departure board shows flight information for Emirates' Airbus A380 on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen A flight-tracking website shows the location of an Emirates Airbus A380 near Harrisburg, Pa., as it makes its final approach toward Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" is seen landing at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first-class cabin on Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business-class cabin on Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy cabin on Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business-class cabin is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The business-class cabin is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first-class cabin is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first-class cabin is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The first-class cabin is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The premium-cabin bar area is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The premium-cabin bar area is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy cabin is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy cabin is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy cabin is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" is seen at a gate at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy cabin is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy cabin is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy cabin is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy cabin is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen February 23, 2016 -- Dulles, VA -- Emirates is showing off its giant Airbus A380 at Washington Dulles International Airport. -- Photo by Jasper Colt, USA TODAY staff ORG XMIT: JC 134514 Emirates A380 02/23/2016 [Via MerlinFTP Drop]  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen The economy cabin is seen on Emirates' Airbus A380 superjumbo jet at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" is seen landing at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016.  Jasper Colt, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 55 2 of 55 3 of 55 4 of 55 5 of 55 6 of 55 7 of 55 8 of 55 9 of 55 10 of 55 11 of 55 12 of 55 13 of 55 14 of 55 15 of 55 16 of 55 17 of 55 18 of 55 19 of 55 20 of 55 21 of 55 22 of 55 23 of 55 24 of 55 25 of 55 26 of 55 27 of 55 28 of 55 29 of 55 30 of 55 31 of 55 32 of 55 33 of 55 34 of 55 35 of 55 36 of 55 37 of 55 38 of 55 39 of 55 40 of 55 41 of 55 42 of 55 43 of 55 44 of 55 45 of 55 46 of 55 47 of 55 48 of 55 49 of 55 50 of 55 51 of 55 52 of 55 53 of 55 54 of 55 55 of 55 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide The economy cabin on Emirates' Airbus A380 "superjumbo" jet is seen at Washington Dulles International Airport on Feb. 23, 2016. (Photo: Jasper Colt, USA TODAY) 338 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE DUBAI, United Arab Emirates (AP) — Emirates, the Middle East's largest airline, said Thursday its profits fell by more than 80% to $340 million last year as it grappled with a slump in demand linked to a range of headwinds, from political upheaval and terrorism in Europe to tougher travel restrictions to the U.S. Emirates Group, which operates the airline, said overall profits for the company were down 70% to $670 million. In its earnings report, the company said profits were affected by heightened immigration concerns, terror attacks in several European cities, such as London and Paris, an attempted military coup in Turkey and uncertainty caused by Britain's vote to leave the European Union. It also cited a strong U.S. dollar against currencies in major markets. Specifically, the airline's profits dipped to 1.25 billion dirhams ($340 million) compared to 7.13 billion dirhams ($1.9 billion) the year before. Its earnings report covers the period of April 2016 through the end of March 2017. TODAY IN THE SKY: Emirates cuts U.S. flights; cites 'weakened' demand after Trump travel policies | Interview: Emirates remains 'bullish and confident about U.S.' IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos (story continues below) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn January's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Cargo jets for UPS, top, and FedEx, bottom, trade places at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 3, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Outfitted for marine surveillance, a Canadian Government Dash-8 departs Vancouver International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A gaggle of partially completed Boeing KC-46 tankers awaits their fate while parked at Paine Field near Everett, Wash., in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Snow covers a Cessna seaplane on a very cold day at the Lake Hood Seaplane Base in Anchorage, Alaska, in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lufthansa Boeing 747-400 departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin Atlantic Boeing 787-9 takes off for London from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A KD Air Piper Navajo Chieftan taxies to a gate after landing at Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska/Horizon Bombardier Q400 painted in an Oregon Ducks livery taxis for departure as a Virgin America Airbus A319 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air Canada Boeing 777-300 departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Pacific Coastal Beech 1900D taxis in to a small domestic terminal at Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Eastern Airbus A330 takes off from Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Augusta Westland 139 helicopter lands at Vancouver International Airport on Dec 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Westjet's 'Frozen' themed Disney jet departs Vancouver International Airport on Dec. 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China Boeing 747-400 lands at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 3, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Saudi Arabian Boeing 777-300 delivers from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The winter holiday travel season was one of the busiest ever in 2016-17. Here crowds pulse through Charlotte Douglas International Airport on Jan. 4, 2017.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An unfinished Boeing 747-8 rests outside at Paine Field, near Everett, WA, in December of 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Caribbean Sea and Mexico's Yucatan coastline as seen from American Airlines Flight 886 from Cancun to Charlotte.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Jets at one of San Francisco International Airport's international concourses in October 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Centurion Cargo Boeing 747-400 takes off from Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Emirates Airbus A380 departs for Dubai from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A United Airlines Boeing 777-300 takes off on a delivery flight from Paine Field, near Everett, Wash,, in late December, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Korean Air Boeing 777-300 lands at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Hawaiian Airbus A330 takes off from Seattle-Tacoma International Airport on Dec. 24, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A China Airlines Cargo Boeing 747 takes off from Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A rare Everts Air Cargo Douglas DC-6 lands at Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Pilots aboard a UPS Boeing 747 don Santa hats as they ready for a flight across the Pacific on Dec. 3, 2016 in Anchorage, Alaska.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Cargolux Boeing 747-8F freighter jet lands at Anchorage International Airport on Dec. 4, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Lynden Air Cargo Lockheed C-130 makes an aggressive landing approach to Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An EVA Air Cargo Boeing 747-400 freighter lands at Anchorage International Airport in December 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Purples, pinks, and blues roll over the mountains of Alaska, seen from a Delta Air Lines flight on Dec. 4, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A USA TODAY newspaper sits on a first-class seat of an American Airlines A319 for a flight from Charlotte to Cancun, Mexico, on Dec. 30, 2016.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 32 2 of 32 3 of 32 4 of 32 5 of 32 6 of 32 7 of 32 8 of 32 9 of 32 10 of 32 11 of 32 12 of 32 13 of 32 14 of 32 15 of 32 16 of 32 17 of 32 18 of 32 19 of 32 20 of 32 21 of 32 22 of 32 23 of 32 24 of 32 25 of 32 26 of 32 27 of 32 28 of 32 29 of 32 30 of 32 31 of 32 32 of 32 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide In April, the Dubai-based carrier began slashing 20% of its 126 weekly flights to the U.S. because of a drop in demand caused by tougher U.S. security measures and Trump administration attempts to ban travelers from some Muslim-majority nations. The company said in its earnings report that one of the biggest challenges it faced came as a result of actions taken by the U.S. government to heighten security vetting of travelers and restrict certain electronic devices, including laptops, in aircraft cabins. Dubai was one of 10 cities in Muslim-majority countries affected by a ban on laptops and other personal electronics in carry-on luggage aboard U.S.-bound flights. The airline said this had a direct impact on consumer demand for air travel into the U.S., one of the airline's biggest growth potential markets. To respond to the ban on electronic devices in the cabin, the airline said it quickly introduced consumer-friendly services such as complimentary laptop loans on flights to the U.S. TODAY IN THE SKY: Emirates: Use our new 'laptop handling service' to beat ban | Emirates: 'Who needs tablets and laptops anyway?' Airline analyst John Strickland of JLS Consulting said he expects the airline will keep a tighter rein on its capacity growth in the short to medium term, but that the company's more than 30-year history proves it can withstand numerous shocks. "It has demonstrated recently its willingness to act commercially and take tough decisions with regards to its recent announcement of U.S. flight capacity cuts," Strickland said. Despite a drop in profits, Emirates Group, which includes the Dnata ground and travel services provider, said revenue increased slightly to around $26 billion from $25.3 billion. The company's profits had climbed to $2.2 billion the previous fiscal year. Emirates carried some 56 million passengers in 2016-2017 compared to 52 million passengers the previous year. The airline's aggressive expansion and growth has helped transform its hub at Dubai International Airport into the world's busiest for international passengers. TODAY IN THE SKY: Emirates touches down in Orlando, shows off its Airbus A380 superjumbo FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Emirates airline shows off its Airbus A380 in Orlando  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Emirates shows off one of its business-class seats on its Airbus A380, which was on display as the carrier began service to Orlando on Sept. 1, 2015.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates shows off one of its first-class "suites" on its Airbus A380, which was on display as the carrier began service to Orlando on Sept. 1, 2015.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The lounge and bar area on Emirates Airbus A380. It's located in the business-class section in the rear of the upper deck.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An ad at Orlando International Airport on Sept. 1, 2015.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates' Airbus A380 receives a celebratory water-cannon salute as it arrives to Orlando on the airline's first day of service to the city on Sept. 1, 2015.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates Airbus A380 arrives to Orlando on Sept. 1, 2015. It was the airline's first day of service to the central Florida city.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Scenes from an Emirates press event touting its inaugural day of service between Dubai and Orlando on Sept. 1, 2015.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A suite market as seen in the first class cabin of the Emirates Airbus A380 that made the airline's inaugural flight to Orlando on Sept. 1, 2015.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates shows off its 'amenities' -- namely toys and activity books -- offered on its flights between Dubai and Orlando.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates shows off one of its coach-class cabin on its Airbus A380, which was on display as the carrier began service to Orlando on Sept. 1, 2015.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A name tag for Emirates CEO sits in front of a sign saying "Hello Orlando" on Sept. 1, 2015. Emirates held a press event to tout its inaugural day of service between Dubai and Orlando.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Onboard amenities available for Emirates' first-class passengers.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates' Airbus A380 receives a celebratory water-cannon salute as it arrives to Orlando on the airline's first day of service to the city on Sept. 1, 2015.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates flight attendants are seen ahead of Emirates inaugural events in Orlando on Sept. 1, 2015.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Scenes from an Emirates press event touting its inaugural day of service between Dubai and Orlando on Sept. 1, 2015.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Everything is at the touch of a button for Emirates' customers sitting in first class.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates Airbus A380 arrives to Orlando on Sept. 1, 2015. It was the airline's first day of service to the central Florida city.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Speaking at a press event celebrating Emirates arrival to Orlando are (from left): Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs; Emirates CEO Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum; and Greater Orlando Airport Authority Chairman Frank Kuppenbacher.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates branding visible inside one of its Airbus A380s as seen in Orlando on Sept. 1, 2015.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An overhead view of a first-class seat on Emirates Airbus A380.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates shows off one of its coach-class cabin on its Airbus A380, which was on display as the carrier began service to Orlando on Sept. 1, 2015. Seen here are some of the toys and 'amenities' offered to children on Emirates' flights.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates Airbus A380 arrives to Orlando on Sept. 1, 2015. It was the airline's first day of service to the central Florida city.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The shower area available to the first-class customers on Emirates Airbus A380. S  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The shower area available to the first-class customers on Emirates Airbus A380. S  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Emirates' Airbus A380 receives a celebratory water-cannon salute as it arrives to Orlando on the airline's first day of service to the city on Sept. 1, 2015.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Emirates flight attendant welcomes visitors to the carrier's Airbus A380 in Orlando on Sept. 1, 2015.  Susan B. Barnes, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 26 2 of 26 3 of 26 4 of 26 5 of 26 6 of 26 7 of 26 8 of 26 9 of 26 10 of 26 11 of 26 12 of 26 13 of 26 14 of 26 15 of 26 16 of 26 17 of 26 18 of 26 19 of 26 20 of 26 21 of 26 22 of 26 23 of 26 24 of 26 25 of 26 26 of 26 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide 338 CONNECTTWEET 1 LINKEDIN 1 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2q6BCkZ
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer PUNE, INDIA, May 11, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Summary This report studies Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Bombardier Embraer Boeing Airbus Comac Textron Aviation Ilyushin Dassault Falcon Jet Gulfstream lockheed Martin Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1272615-global-fixed-wing-turbine-aircrafts-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Monoplane Biplane Multiplane By Application, the market can be split into Military Civil By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1272615-global-fixed-wing-turbine-aircrafts-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.1.1 Definition of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.1.2 Specifications of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.2 Classification of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.2.1 Monoplane 1.2.2 Biplane 1.2.3 Multiplane 1.3 Applications of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.3.1 Military 1.3.2 Civil 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts … 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 8.1 Bombardier 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 Bombardier 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Bombardier 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Embraer 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Embraer 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Embraer 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Boeing 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Boeing 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Boeing 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 Airbus 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 Airbus 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 Airbus 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Comac 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Comac 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Comac 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Textron Aviation 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Textron Aviation 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Textron Aviation 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Ilyushin 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Ilyushin 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Ilyushin 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Dassault Falcon Jet 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Dassault Falcon Jet 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Dassault Falcon Jet 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Gulfstream 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Gulfstream 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Gulfstream 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 lockheed Martin 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 lockheed Martin 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 lockheed Martin 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1272615 Continued…. Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Automotive Leaf Spring Suspension Market – Size, Projections, Drivers, Trends, Vendors, and Analysis Through 2021 by Technavio Next PostNext Rise in Number of Diagnostic Centers and Hospitals Are Expected to Drive the Digital PCR (DPCR) and Quantitative PCR (QPCR) Market Search Recent Posts Probiotic Drinks Industry Seeking Growth from Emerging Markets RBNZ sees slower credit growth as lenders compete North America Automotive Valve Stem Seal Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Kombucha Industry : Worldwide Market Trends & Forecasts to 2021 Goodman Property JV to buy central Auckland office building RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip US   Air Force One sits on the tarmac at Joint Base Andrews in Washington U.S. December 6, 2016, the same morning that U.S. President-elect Donald Trump urged the government to cancel purchase of Boeing's new Air Force One plane saying it was "ridiculous" and too expensive. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque    Boeing Caused And Paid For $4 Million Damage To Air Force One’s Oxygen System Thomas Phippen Author 2:01 PM 05/11/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Airline mechanics caused $4 million in damage to an Air Force One plane in 2016, according to a Department of Defense investigation released Wednesday. Three Boeing Co. mechanics “failed to observe explicit warnings” and contaminated one VC-25A plane’s oxygen system, increasing the risk of fire, according to the report. The VC-25A model, built especially to transport presidents, requires “oxygen clean” equipment and regulators to prevent risk of fire. Mechanics performing heavy maintenance on the plane in San Antonio, Texas “supplied and used contaminated tools, parts, components, a regulator, and an unauthorized cleaning procedure while performing oxygen system leak check,” the report says. The first mechanic supplied contaminated parts for the oxygen system, which the second mechanic worked on installing. A third mechanic tried to help by providing “cleaning solution in an unauthorized procedure in an attempt to sanitize these parts.” The second mechanic installed the contaminated parts, which affected the whole system. The Air Force accident investigators said “the cost to remediate the known contamination of the oxygen system is over $4 million, which was paid for by Boeing.” “We took swift action to self-report the incident to the Air Force, and we remediated the oxygen system at no cost to the government,” Boeing spokesman Ben Davis told the Air Force Times. “We fully understand the level of responsibility that comes from working on the president’s aircraft, and we’re committed to our partnership with the Air Force to provide the highest standard of support for the VC-25.” Follow Thomas Phippen on Twitter Send tips to [email protected] . Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact [email protected] . Tags: Air Force, Air Force One, The Boeing Company Hide Comments   Show comments Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News National Waqf Devp Corporation CEO repatriated prematurely SRK's Ted Talk is all about 'love', says it's enough to Business Standard Boeing begins construction of first overseas plant in China Press Trust of India  |  Beijing  May 11, 2017 Last Updated at 20:58 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVhEn1 ALSO READ US warns China over South China Sea dispute China says weapons in S China Sea not militarisation China's submersible explores seabed in South China Sea China warns Vietnam against island building in South China Sea US faces stiff China pushback in S China Sea: experts American aviation giant Boeing has started construction of its first overseas facility in the Chinese port city of Zhoushan as part of its plan to produce 737 aircraft. The construction will consist of two parts - a Boeing 737 completion centre and the delivery centre. It is scheduled to be completed next year. After completion, the 40-hectare facility will deliver 8 to 10 planes each month, with an annual production of up to 100 aircraft. Boeing and Chinese aviation manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd (COMAC) will jointly run the completion centre, in which flight entertainment systems and seats will be installed in Boeing's 737 aircraft. "Today we all see a vibrant, win-win partnership that supports the growth and development of China's aviation industry and the economy, as well as the US economy," Ray Conner, vice chairman of the Boeing Company was quoted as saying by state-run Xinhua news agency. The completion centre also provides services such as coating, repairs and maintenance of Boeing aircraft. The 737 delivery centre is solely owned by Boeing. Boeing and COMAC signed an agreement in October 2016 to set up the plant in Zhoushan in Zhejiang Province, 287 kilometres southeast of Shanghai. The plant is designed to deliver 100 Boeing 737 planes per year. Boeing supplies 150-200 of "the world's most innovative and fuel-efficient airplanes" to Chinese customers a year, accounting for a quarter of Boeing's global delivery, Conner said, adding that one third of the jets are Boeing 737s. "The completion and delivery centers will bring 737 MAX closer to Chinese customers, who will take delivery right here in China," he said. Conner said Chinese companies play a manufacturing role in "every Boeing airplane produced today and on more than 9,000 airplanes flying around the world." Zhoushan is an archipelago and island city which has the largest fisheries in China and boasts strong shipbuilding, tourism and service industries. To accommodate aircraft manufacturing, the city's Putuoshan Airport is undergoing a 750 million yuan (USD 108 million) expansion to become an international airport. In addition to supporting Boeing, the Zhujiajian aviation industry park in Zhoushan will also develop an entire industrial chain for aircraft manufacturing, with the capacity to assemble, deliver and modify 600 aircraft per year by 2025. Conner also congratulated COMAC for the successful first flight of China's C919 passenger flight and said he was expecting it to offer competition to Boeing and Airbus. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | China | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Boeing begins construction of first overseas plant in China American aviation giant Boeing has started construction of its first overseas facility in the Chinese port city of Zhoushan as part of its plan to produce 737 aircraft. The construction will consist of two parts - a Boeing 737 completion centre and the delivery centre. It is scheduled to be completed next year. After completion, the 40-hectare facility will deliver 8 to 10 planes each month, with an annual production of up to 100 aircraft. Boeing and Chinese aviation manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd (COMAC) will jointly run the completion centre, in which flight entertainment systems and seats will be installed in Boeing's 737 aircraft. "Today we all see a vibrant, win-win partnership that supports the growth and development of China's aviation industry and the economy, as well as the US economy," Ray Conner, vice chairman of the Boeing Company was quoted as saying by state-run Xinhua news agency. The completion centre also provides services such as ... American aviation giant Boeing has started construction of its first overseas facility in the Chinese port city of Zhoushan as part of its plan to produce 737 aircraft. The construction will consist of two parts - a Boeing 737 completion centre and the delivery centre. It is scheduled to be completed next year. After completion, the 40-hectare facility will deliver 8 to 10 planes each month, with an annual production of up to 100 aircraft. Boeing and Chinese aviation manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd (COMAC) will jointly run the completion centre, in which flight entertainment systems and seats will be installed in Boeing's 737 aircraft. "Today we all see a vibrant, win-win partnership that supports the growth and development of China's aviation industry and the economy, as well as the US economy," Ray Conner, vice chairman of the Boeing Company was quoted as saying by state-run Xinhua news agency. The completion centre also provides services such as coating, repairs and maintenance of Boeing aircraft. The 737 delivery centre is solely owned by Boeing. Boeing and COMAC signed an agreement in October 2016 to set up the plant in Zhoushan in Zhejiang Province, 287 kilometres southeast of Shanghai. The plant is designed to deliver 100 Boeing 737 planes per year. Boeing supplies 150-200 of "the world's most innovative and fuel-efficient airplanes" to Chinese customers a year, accounting for a quarter of Boeing's global delivery, Conner said, adding that one third of the jets are Boeing 737s. "The completion and delivery centers will bring 737 MAX closer to Chinese customers, who will take delivery right here in China," he said. Conner said Chinese companies play a manufacturing role in "every Boeing airplane produced today and on more than 9,000 airplanes flying around the world." Zhoushan is an archipelago and island city which has the largest fisheries in China and boasts strong shipbuilding, tourism and service industries. To accommodate aircraft manufacturing, the city's Putuoshan Airport is undergoing a 750 million yuan (USD 108 million) expansion to become an international airport. In addition to supporting Boeing, the Zhujiajian aviation industry park in Zhoushan will also develop an entire industrial chain for aircraft manufacturing, with the capacity to assemble, deliver and modify 600 aircraft per year by 2025. Conner also congratulated COMAC for the successful first flight of China's C919 passenger flight and said he was expecting it to offer competition to Boeing and Airbus. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Boeing begins construction of first overseas plant in China American aviation giant Boeing has started construction of its first overseas facility in the Chinese port city of Zhoushan as part of its plan to produce 737 aircraft. The construction will consist of two parts - a Boeing 737 completion centre and the delivery centre. It is scheduled to be completed next year. After completion, the 40-hectare facility will deliver 8 to 10 planes each month, with an annual production of up to 100 aircraft. Boeing and Chinese aviation manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd (COMAC) will jointly run the completion centre, in which flight entertainment systems and seats will be installed in Boeing's 737 aircraft. "Today we all see a vibrant, win-win partnership that supports the growth and development of China's aviation industry and the economy, as well as the US economy," Ray Conner, vice chairman of the Boeing Company was quoted as saying by state-run Xinhua news agency. The completion centre also provides services such as coating, repairs and maintenance of Boeing aircraft. The 737 delivery centre is solely owned by Boeing. Boeing and COMAC signed an agreement in October 2016 to set up the plant in Zhoushan in Zhejiang Province, 287 kilometres southeast of Shanghai. The plant is designed to deliver 100 Boeing 737 planes per year. Boeing supplies 150-200 of "the world's most innovative and fuel-efficient airplanes" to Chinese customers a year, accounting for a quarter of Boeing's global delivery, Conner said, adding that one third of the jets are Boeing 737s. "The completion and delivery centers will bring 737 MAX closer to Chinese customers, who will take delivery right here in China," he said. Conner said Chinese companies play a manufacturing role in "every Boeing airplane produced today and on more than 9,000 airplanes flying around the world." Zhoushan is an archipelago and island city which has the largest fisheries in China and boasts strong shipbuilding, tourism and service industries. To accommodate aircraft manufacturing, the city's Putuoshan Airport is undergoing a 750 million yuan (USD 108 million) expansion to become an international airport. In addition to supporting Boeing, the Zhujiajian aviation industry park in Zhoushan will also develop an entire industrial chain for aircraft manufacturing, with the capacity to assemble, deliver and modify 600 aircraft per year by 2025. Conner also congratulated COMAC for the successful first flight of China's C919 passenger flight and said he was expecting it to offer competition to Boeing and Airbus. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Former Fed Chair Greenspan Warns of Deficit Spending Disaster Ahead Home | Newsfront Tags: boeing | air force one | mistake | oxygen | error Boeing Mechanics Made Dangerous, $4M Error on Air Force One President Donald Trump boards Air Force One (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) By Jason Devaney   |   Thursday, 11 May 2017 01:24 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Overworked Boeing mechanics did not use proper maintenance techniques on one of the planes known as Air Force One last year, which resulted in a $4 million fix paid by the company. According to a Defense Department report made public this week, the mistake occurred last April when the plane, technically known as a Boeing VC-25A, was in Port San Antonio, Texas for routine maintenance. Protocol requires tools, parts, and components used on the oxygen system to be oxygen-cleaned and sealed in a bag before use. Failing to follow those guidelines could leave residue in the oxygen system, which raises the threat of a fire breaking out onboard. During the incident, which was detailed in a report released this week, a mechanic working on the plane used tools, parts, and components that he later discovered to be contaminated. A cleaning solution was brought out but another mechanic improperly used it. The oxygen system was then hooked up with parts that were not clean. The Air Force Times noted that several problems had plagued Boeing in the months leading up to the incident, including mechanics working 12-hour shifts 6-7 days a week and a lack of experienced mechanics at the Port San Antonio location. "We took swift action to self-report the incident to the Air Force, and we remediated the oxygen system at no cost to the government," Boeing spokesman Ben Davis told the Times. "We fully understand the level of responsibility that comes from working on the president's aircraft, and we're committed to our partnership with the Air Force to provide the highest standard of support for the VC-25." Related Stories: Air Force Chief of Staff to Congress: We Need a Budget US Plane Flies Unusually Close to Air Force One © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront Overworked Boeing mechanics did not use proper maintenance techniques on one of the planes known as Air Force One last year, which resulted in a $4 million fix paid by the company. boeing, air force one, mistake, oxygen, error 269 Thursday, 11 May 2017 01:24 PM 2017-24-11 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like U.S., China Reach Deals on Access for Beef, Financial Services Thursday, 11 May 2017 23:05 PM The United States and China will expand trade in beef and chicken and increase access for financial firms, as part of a  . . . Politico: Ex-NH Sen. Ayotte In Running for FBI Director Thursday, 11 May 2017 22:53 PM Former Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., is on the list of candidates to replace fired FBI Director James Comey, Politico repor . . . Spicer Speculation Spins Wildly While He's on Reserve Duty Thursday, 11 May 2017 22:33 PM White House press secretary Sean Spicer's absence from a press briefing triggered wild speculation he was on the outs wi . . . More Most Commented Trump Fires FBI Director James Comey Tuesday, 09 May 2017 | 1148 comments All the Democrats are talking about is the Russian interference fraud, and... Europe Braces for Winner of French Elections Sunday, 07 May 2017 | 818 comments The wholesale illegal immigration/Arab/middle eastern/Muslim invasion of... Trump Defends Firing Comey: He 'Was Not Doing a Good Job' Wednesday, 10 May 2017 | 834 comments I love how the liberals are going nuts over this! Deal with it.....we have... Rosenstein Threatened to Resign Over Comey Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 711 comments LibTARDs several months ago were calling for Comey to resign or be... Trump: I Asked Comey if I Was Under Investigation Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 552 comments HEADLINE: TRUMP STILL BREATHING - DEMOCRATS OUTRAGED!HEADLINE: TRUMP STILL... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Facebook twitter instagram Advertisement Home News Finance Education Sport Travel Culture Everyday Tips Us Advertising About Us Hot Topics 12. May 2017 | UiO is granted Geo software from Ikon Science 12. May 2017 | Norway and JOWST to the Eurovision Final 12. May 2017 | Norwegian trawler detained in Murmansk 12. May 2017 | Climate Progress in the Arctic Council, says Sweden 12. May 2017 | Trendy for Norwegians to hike abroad Search for: Home Finance Teething problems for Norwegian’s Boeing 737 Max TOPICS:New aircraftNorway TodayNorwegian airlinesProblemsToday The first of the large Boeing 737 MAX 9 models, Boeing's newest commercial airplane, sits outside its production plant in Renton, Wash. Boeing stops test flights of its new 737 model because of a possible problem in engine discs. The company is working with engine maker CFM to investigate. The company said Wednesday, May 10, 2017, it was notified of a potential manufacturing-quality issue by CFM, which makes the engines that are going on the Boeing 737 Max. (AP Photo/Elaine Thompson, File) Posted By: Gerard Taylor 11. May 2017 Boeing postpones test flights of its Boeing 737 Max Flight manufacturer Boeing has postponed the test flights of its Boeing 737 Max passenger plane. Norwegian Air Shuttle should have been in the air with the aircraft type first. Advertisement   ‘This will not delay the opening of our route between Edinburgh and the United States,’ wrote press spokesperson, Anders Lindström, in an email to the Swedish news agency, TT. The test has been temporarily postponed due to a possible error in an important component in the engine. Boeing and the engine manufacturer, CFM, tells Reuters that they don’t know how long the problem may persist. Norwegian has a total of 100 purchase options on the Boeing 737 Max, which they referr to as the next generation of short and medium haul aircraft. Norwegian plans to put the 737 Max aircraft in the air on routes between Europe and minor cities in the United States of America.   © NTB Scanpix / Norway Today Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Related SHARE TWEET PIN SHARE Previous post Next post Related Articles News Mahamud wanted in Somalia’s Government apparatus News Naked and aggressive man frightened residents at Bjølsen News Police Immigration Unit must downsize Finance Further improvement of activity in the manufacturing sector in March Be the first to comment on "Teething problems for Norwegian’s Boeing 737 Max" Leave a comment Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Follow on Facebook Advertisement Recent News UiO is granted Geo software from Ikon Science Norway and JOWST to the Eurovision Final Norwegian trawler detained in Murmansk Climate Progress in the Arctic Council, says Sweden Trendy for Norwegians to hike abroad Advertisement Latest Articles 12. May 2017 UiO is granted Geo software from Ikon Science Ikon Science has donated software to an estimated value of $30 million to UiO In a press release Ikon Science informs that they have donated… Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Read More 12. May 2017 Norway and JOWST to the Eurovision Final 12. May 2017 Norwegian trawler detained in Murmansk 12. May 2017 Climate Progress in the Arctic Council, says Sweden 12. May 2017 Trendy for Norwegians to hike abroad Advertisement Tags 2016 2017 A man arrested Asylum seeker Bergen Billion Billions Børge Brende Charged Children Dead Donald Trump Employees Erna Solberg EU Finance Fire Government Increase Millions NAV New Norway Norway Today Norwegian Norwegians Oslo Oslo Airport People Police Prime Minister Erna Solberg Prison Rape Refugees Russia Statoil Stavanger Sweden Today Travel UDI unemployment US Visit Advertisement About us Norway Today Media, is an independent newspaper. Our goal is to bring you the latest Norwegian news and happenings in English. We are not connected to any political party, and do not belong to any of the major newspapers in Norway. As a result of this, we are able to give you a neutral view of what is happening in Norway on a day to day basis.. Copyright Articles and photos that you find in this newspaper, are copyright protected and owned by Norway Today Media. Copying content from the newspaper for commercial use is prohibited. If you should wish to use any of the paper’s content, you are welcome to contact us. Contact us E-mail: Management ADS: Advertisement Found a problem in our pages? Please tell the webdevelopers Home News Finance Education Sport Travel Culture Everyday Tips Us Advertising About Us © Copyright Norway Today Media - Maintained by MjøsWeb - webpages for the future. To give you the best possible experience, this site ues cookies. Continuing to use norwaytoday.info means you agree to our use of cookies. If you´d like to learn more about cookies please click 'Read more' on the rightOkRead more
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Business LATEST NEWS Soccer-Koeman confident Everton can handle Europa League demands PM Narendra Modi participates in Vesak Day celebration in Sri Lanka April retail inflation seen easing to three-month low CBI, Enforcement Directorate tell UK that Vijay Mallya plotted criminal conspiracy India protests against Justin Trudeau attending 'Khalistan event' BSF jawan injured as Pakistan again violates ceasefire China will 'pursue efforts' to fulfil its One Belt One Road initiative: USA Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›Business 10:40 AM | 12 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,197-54.17 NIFTY 50 9,401-21.65 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,04541.00 USD/INR 64.33-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Boeing begins construction of first overseas plant in China By PTI | May 11, 2017, 10.03 PM IST Post a Comment After completion, the 40-hectare facility will deliver 8 to 10 planes each month, with an annual production of up to 100 aircraft. Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You BEIJING: American aviation giant Boeing has started construction of its first overseas facility in the Chinese port city of Zhoushan as part of its plan to produce 737 aircraft. The construction will consist of two parts - a Boeing 737 completion centre and the delivery centre. It is scheduled to be completed next year. After completion, the 40-hectare facility will deliver 8 to 10 planes each month, with an annual production of up to 100 aircraft. Boeing and Chinese aviation manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd (COMAC) will jointly run the completion centre, in which flight entertainment systems and seats will be installed in Boeing's 737 aircraft. "Today we all see a vibrant, win-win partnership that supports the growth and development of China's aviation industry and the economy, as well as the US economy," Ray Conner, vice chairman of the Boeing Company was quoted as saying by state-run Xinhua news agency. The completion centre also provides services such as coating, repairs and maintenance of Boeing aircraft. The 737 delivery centre is solely owned by Boeing. Boeing and COMAC signed an agreement in October 2016 to set up the plant in Zhoushan in Zhejiang Province, 287 kilometres southeast of Shanghai. The plant is designed to deliver 100 Boeing 737 planes per year. Boeing supplies 150-200 of "the world's most innovative and fuel-efficient airplanes" to Chinese customers a year, accounting for a quarter of Boeing's global delivery, Conner said, adding that one third of the jets are Boeing 737s. "The completion and delivery centers will bring 737 MAX closer to Chinese customers, who will take delivery right here in China," he said. Conner said Chinese companies play a manufacturing role in "every Boeing airplane produced today and on more than 9,000 airplanes flying around the world." Zhoushan is an archipelago and island city which has the largest fisheries in China and boasts strong shipbuilding, tourism and service industries. To accommodate aircraft manufacturing, the city's Putuoshan Airport is undergoing a 750 million yuan (USD 108 million) expansion to become an international airport. In addition to supporting Boeing, the Zhujiajian aviation industry park in Zhoushan will also develop an entire industrial chain for aircraft manufacturing, with the capacity to assemble, deliver and modify 600 aircraft per year by 2025. Conner also congratulated COMAC for the successful first flight of China's C919 passenger flight and said he was expecting it to offer competition to Boeing and Airbus. Comments(0)Add Comments Boeing begins construction of first overseas plant in China To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Boeing announces setting up of Boeing Defence India Boeing profits jump but commercial air deliveries fall BOE Technology enters Indian consumer electronics market Government in talks with Airbus, Boeing for training programmes READ MORE ONZhejiang provinceCOMACChina passenger flightboeing china plantBoeingAirbus Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB In conversation with Maneet Chauhan State Farm Going right I Tried Munchery, Here's Why It Beats Other Meal Kits Laundry in Louboutins for Munchery Experience the New Geometry of Sound Engadget | Master & DynamicMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Demolition of illegal constructions in Hyderabad begins Boeing to set up first overseas factory in China NLC begins construction work for 1980-MW project in UP From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Give Your Child Whole Life Insurance—Babyhood to Adultho.. Gerber Life Insurance Company Investors Bet Big on This Name Speculate The Most Daring Dresses on the Cannes Red Carpet Livingly 8 Private Islands For Sale Bankrate Maternity bill makes startups hire men over women: Survey MFs' exposure to bank stocks hit record Rs 1.2 lakh crore 8 tips for taking stunning pictures on your smartphone Reuters Sports News Summary Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented US blames Pakistan for deteriorating Indo-Pak ties Narendra Modi government to go big on success of demonetisation Indian economy poses major challenges, Chinese think tank warns Beijing This Sunday, China will make a $500 billion push to challenge the West Islamabad must learn from Beijing-New Delhi trade ties: Pakistani media More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|GL vs DD Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Il Tuo Account - Accedi Subito Home Social Blog Redazione Blogorete Ultima Ora Video Segnala Blog Sito Web Zazoom Social News Che cosa è Chi Siamo Entra in Zazoom Ascolta Radio Club91 Zazoom Social Blog Attualità Gossip Musica Politica Salute Scienza Spettacolo Tecnologia Web Video Ultima Ora Torino - fatture false emesse da defunti'Ndrangheta - sequestro beni imprenditoreUsa-Cina.Accordo commercio - tempi recordHarvard diffonde primo audio di JFKUsa:prosciolto agente che uccise neroTrump a cena con Comey chiese lealtàBersani: Renzi parli di centrosinistraRamallah: scontri - feriti 4 palestinesiMattarella: aperti contro nazionalismiEuropa League - finale Manch.Utd-AjaxE' morto Michael Parks : attore in Twin Peaks e Kill BillClaudia Galanti cambia look... è irresistibile su Instagram Chiara Ferragni - Diavoletta87 : la foto del passatoAlena Seredova e Alessandro Nasi in love in LiguriaBelen Rodriguez e Andrea Iannone mezzi nudi alla finestraAnticipazioni Don Matteo 11 : Arriva Maria Chiara GiannettaUsa Russia : nuovo incontro Donald Trump - Sergjei LavrovMigrante ucciso per cappellino : Fermato uno scafistaMorto il dj Robert Miles : Roberto Concina e il successo ChildrenFranco di Mare : ecco come sta e quando lo potremmo vedere di nuovo ... Boeing suspends flights on 737 MAX jets over safety fears  Boeing has grounded the test flights of its new £85m 737 MAX aircraft over engine fears. The delay ... Segnalato da : dailymail.co.uk Commenta Boeing suspends flights on 737 MAX jets over safety fears  (Di giovedì 11 maggio 2017) Boeing has grounded the test flights of its new £85m 737 MAX aircraft over engine fears. The delay comes just days before the firm was due to deliver its first plane to an airline. La notizia completa su dailymail.co.uk Mostra altre notizie : Boeing suspends ... Loading... Zazoom Tv - Live Video Breaking News Segui gli aggiornamenti e vedi gli ultimi video su : Boeing suspends flights © Articolo pubblicato secondo le condizioni dell' Autore. Zazoom Social News - Permalink Cerca Tag : Boeing suspends Boeing suspends flights jets over Di' la tua e commenta questo post! Top News Usa Russia : nuovo incontro Donald Trump - ... Franco di Mare : ecco come sta e quando lo ... Migrante ucciso per cappellino : Fermato uno ... Anticipazioni Don Matteo 11 : Arriva Maria Chiara ... Maria Elena Boschi chiese a Unicredit di comprare ... Blogorete North Wales commissioner calls for ... Travel blogger comes clean about ... AGENTS OF SHIELD - Confermata la quinta ... Stasera cosa c’è in televisione? ... G7 Finanze a Bari: paura in città per i ... Jeremy Corbyn's Morcambe and Wise ... Noipa, cosa fare quando si hanno ... Cosa c’è stasera su Rai Movie? Il film ... Tweets Seguici in Rete Facebook Twitter Google RSS Feed Segui @zazoomblog Segui Zazoom sul tuo tablet o smartphone Zazoom Social News © 2011 - 2017 | Zazoom | Social Blog | Ultime Notizie | Radio Club 91 | Chi Siamo | Cosa è | Termini e Condizioni
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 14/0 (11) - PAK 376/10 (146.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kapil Mishra Emmanuel Macron Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Bahubali 2 News Business News Boeing begins construction of first overseas plant in China Shares1 Thu, 11 May 2017-08:51pm , PTI American aviation giant Boeing has started construction of its first overseas facility in the Chinese port city of Zhoushan as part of its plan to produce 737 aircraft. The construction will consist of two parts - a Boeing 737 completion centre and the delivery centre. It is scheduled to be completed next year. After completion, the 40-hectare facility will deliver 8 to 10 planes each month, with an annual production of up to 100 aircraft. Boeing and Chinese aviation manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd (COMAC) will jointly run the completion centre, in which flight entertainment systems and seats will be installed in Boeing's 737 aircraft. "Today we all see a vibrant, win-win partnership that supports the growth and development of China's aviation industry and the economy, as well as the US economy," Ray Conner, vice chairman of the Boeing Company was quoted as saying by state-run Xinhua news agency. The completion centre also provides services such as coating, repairs and maintenance of Boeing aircraft. The 737 delivery centre is solely owned by Boeing. Boeing and COMAC signed an agreement in October 2016 to set up the plant in Zhoushan in Zhejiang Province, 287 kilometres southeast of Shanghai. The plant is designed to deliver 100 Boeing 737 planes per year. Boeing supplies 150-200 of "the world's most innovative and fuel-efficient airplanes" to Chinese customers a year, accounting for a quarter of Boeing's global delivery, Conner said, adding that one third of the jets are Boeing 737s. "The completion and delivery centers will bring 737 MAX closer to Chinese customers, who will take delivery right here in China," he said. Conner said Chinese companies play a manufacturing role in "every Boeing airplane produced today and on more than 9,000 airplanes flying around the world." Zhoushan is an archipelago and island city which has the largest fisheries in China and boasts strong shipbuilding, tourism and service industries. To accommodate aircraft manufacturing, the city's Putuoshan Airport is undergoing a 750 million yuan (USD 108 million) expansion to become an international airport. In addition to supporting Boeing, the Zhujiajian aviation industry park in Zhoushan will also develop an entire industrial chain for aircraft manufacturing, with the capacity to assemble, deliver and modify 600 aircraft per year by 2025. Conner also congratulated COMAC for the successful first flight of China's C919 passenger flight and said he was expecting it to offer competition to Boeing and Airbus. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money It's a dog's world Money RInfra wins Rs 2,950 cr in arbitration against DMRC, to pare debt Money CEA questions rating agencies' double standards on India, China Money SBI to charge for ATM withdrawals via e-wallets Money Flipkart, Snapdeal to sign LoI for merger next week Money Softbank gets nod from co-investor Nexus for selling Snapdeal to Flipkart Live Cricket Score Live WI 14/0 (11) WI trail by 362 runs PAK 376/10 (146.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary Ireland vs Bangladesh Fri, 12 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Related CEA Subramanian slams global credit rating agencies, alleges 'inconsistencies' in rating India and China Pricing young employees out of learning Toyota says annual profit drops 21%, first fall in five years Video WATCH: DNA plays Antakshari with Meri Pyaari Bindu stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Parineeti Chopra Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic View all Tags United States China Zhoushan Shanghai Boeing Company Ray Conner Aircraft Corporation China Ltd Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd Xinhua Zhejiang Province SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News France's Macron open to talks with willing conservatives Kapil Mishra's mother accuses Kejriwal of spreading lies US think-tank launches web portal to track Indian states Uphaar fire: HC upholds tampering charge against Ansals Direct AI flights between Colombo and Varanasi from Aug: Modi Sport SHOWCASE-Soccer-Hull's last games like 'Champions League finals' Sakshi Malik enters finals at Asian Wrestling Championship Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, May 12 Madrid Open: World no.1 Andy Murray sent packing by unseeded Borna Coric, Novak Djokovic reaches quarters NSW cricketer Ryan Carters announces retirement at 26! Entertainment Lucky to be chosen for 'Fantastic Beasts..': Johnny Depp Salman Khan's 'Tubelight': Check out the poster of 'The Radio Song'! Stephen Colbert responds to Trump's 'No-Talent' criticism 'I Win!' The Chainsmokers, Halsey to perform at Billboard Music Awards Jackie Chan, Sylvester Stallone team up for action movie Money India will clock over 7.5% growth in 2017-18: Fin Secy Ashok GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares retreat, but on track for winning week April CPI inflation to slip to 3.2% from 3.8% in Mar: BofA-ML Sensex off record highs, down 52 points in late morning trade Introducing MOX@Techzone will ensure ground level success for programs Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption Pune, India – May 11, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Summary This report studies Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Bombardier Embraer Boeing Airbus Comac Textron Aviation Ilyushin Dassault Falcon Jet Gulfstream lockheed Martin Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1272615-global-fixed-wing-turbine-aircrafts-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Monoplane Biplane Multiplane By Application, the market can be split into Military Civil By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1272615-global-fixed-wing-turbine-aircrafts-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.1.1 Definition of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.1.2 Specifications of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.2 Classification of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.2.1 Monoplane 1.2.2 Biplane 1.2.3 Multiplane 1.3 Applications of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.3.1 Military 1.3.2 Civil 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts … 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 8.1 Bombardier 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 Bombardier 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Bombardier 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Embraer 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Embraer 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Embraer 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Boeing 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Boeing 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Boeing 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 Airbus 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 Airbus 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 Airbus 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Comac 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Comac 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Comac 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Textron Aviation 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Textron Aviation 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Textron Aviation 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Ilyushin 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Ilyushin 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Ilyushin 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Dassault Falcon Jet 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Dassault Falcon Jet 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Dassault Falcon Jet 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Gulfstream 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Gulfstream 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Gulfstream 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 lockheed Martin 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 lockheed Martin 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 lockheed Martin 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1272615 Continued…. Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Pune -40027, Maharashtra, India Phone: 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/fixed-wing-turbine-aircrafts-market-global-industry-analysis-and-opportunity-and-forecast-2017-to-2022/198604 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1272615-global-fixed-wing-turbine-aircrafts-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 198604 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Charleston Appliance Repair Washing Machine & Dryer Same Day Services Launched (Thu 11th May 17) Business Intelligence Market to Grow at CAGR of 11.0% to Reach USD 34.3 Billion by 2022 (Thu 11th May 17) Automotive Power Lithium Battery Market to 2021 -Global Market Size, Development, Top Manufacturers, and Forecasts (Thu 11th May 17) H1 2017 Peanut Allergy Pipeline Market Therapeutics Development by Companies Published at ReportsnReports.com (Thu 11th May 17) Wireless Charging Market is Growing Rapidly over 27% of CAGR By 2022 (Thu 11th May 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Commercial Aircraft Market Results and Outlook (Q4 2016) – Model Changes and Delivery Pressures Drive Some OEMs into Less Than 1.0 Book-to-Bill Ratios – Research and Markets Next PostNext Wireless Charging Market is Growing Rapidly over 27% of CAGR By 2022 Search Recent Posts Probiotic Drinks Industry Seeking Growth from Emerging Markets RBNZ sees slower credit growth as lenders compete North America Automotive Valve Stem Seal Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Kombucha Industry : Worldwide Market Trends & Forecasts to 2021 Goodman Property JV to buy central Auckland office building RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Market: Global Industry Analysis and Opportunity and Forecast 2017 to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption Pune, India - May 11, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Summary This report studies Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts in Global market, especially in North America, China, Europe, Southeast Asia, Japan and India, with production, revenue, consumption, import and export in these regions, from 2012 to 2016, and forecast to 2022. This report focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Bombardier Embraer Boeing Airbus Comac Textron Aviation Ilyushin Dassault Falcon Jet Gulfstream lockheed Martin Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1272615-global-fixed-wing-turbine-aircrafts-market-professional-survey-report-2017 By types, the market can be split into Monoplane Biplane Multiplane By Application, the market can be split into Military Civil By Regions, this report covers (we can add the regions/countries as you want) North America China Europe Southeast Asia Japan India At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1272615-global-fixed-wing-turbine-aircrafts-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Table of Contents Global Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Market Professional Survey Report 2017 1 Industry Overview of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.1 Definition and Specifications of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.1.1 Definition of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.1.2 Specifications of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.2 Classification of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.2.1 Monoplane 1.2.2 Biplane 1.2.3 Multiplane 1.3 Applications of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 1.3.1 Military 1.3.2 Civil 1.3.3 Application 3 1.4 Market Segment by Regions 1.4.1 North America 1.4.2 China 1.4.3 Europe 1.4.4 Southeast Asia 1.4.5 Japan 1.4.6 India 2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 2.1 Raw Material and Suppliers 2.2 Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 2.3 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 2.4 Industry Chain Structure of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts ... 8 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts 8.1 Bombardier 8.1.1 Company Profile 8.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.1.2.1 Product A 8.1.2.2 Product B 8.1.3 Bombardier 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.1.4 Bombardier 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.2 Embraer 8.2.1 Company Profile 8.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.2.2.1 Product A 8.2.2.2 Product B 8.2.3 Embraer 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.2.4 Embraer 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.3 Boeing 8.3.1 Company Profile 8.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.3.2.1 Product A 8.3.2.2 Product B 8.3.3 Boeing 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.3.4 Boeing 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.4 Airbus 8.4.1 Company Profile 8.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.4.2.1 Product A 8.4.2.2 Product B 8.4.3 Airbus 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.4.4 Airbus 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.5 Comac 8.5.1 Company Profile 8.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.5.2.1 Product A 8.5.2.2 Product B 8.5.3 Comac 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.5.4 Comac 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.6 Textron Aviation 8.6.1 Company Profile 8.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.6.2.1 Product A 8.6.2.2 Product B 8.6.3 Textron Aviation 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.6.4 Textron Aviation 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.7 Ilyushin 8.7.1 Company Profile 8.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.7.2.1 Product A 8.7.2.2 Product B 8.7.3 Ilyushin 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.7.4 Ilyushin 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.8 Dassault Falcon Jet 8.8.1 Company Profile 8.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.8.2.1 Product A 8.8.2.2 Product B 8.8.3 Dassault Falcon Jet 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.8.4 Dassault Falcon Jet 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.9 Gulfstream 8.9.1 Company Profile 8.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.9.2.1 Product A 8.9.2.2 Product B 8.9.3 Gulfstream 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.9.4 Gulfstream 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis 8.10 lockheed Martin 8.10.1 Company Profile 8.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 8.10.2.1 Product A 8.10.2.2 Product B 8.10.3 lockheed Martin 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Sales, Ex-factory Price, Revenue, Gross Margin Analysis 8.10.4 lockheed Martin 2016 Fixed Wing Turbine Aircrafts Business Region Distribution Analysis Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1272615 Continued.... Contact Info: Name: NORAH TRENT Email: sales@wiseguyreports.com Organization: WISE GUY RESEARCH CONSULTANTS PVT LTD Address: Pune -40027, Maharashtra, India Phone: 841 198 5042 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/fixed-wing-turbine-aircrafts-market-global-industry-analysis-and-opportunity-and-forecast-2017-to-2022/198604 For more information, please visit https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1272615-global-fixed-wing-turbine-aircrafts-market-professional-survey-report-2017 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 198604 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Arlington VIP Protection And Event Risk Solution Firm Launch Retail Security Hub (Fri 12th May 17) Daily Technology Celebrity Sports Health Gaming And Movie News WebHub Launches (Fri 12th May 17) Global LED Lighting Driver Industry 2017 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure, and Market Analysis (Fri 12th May 17) MEMS Marketplace: Global Market Analysis, Size, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 - Market Research Report 2017 (Fri 12th May 17) Global Logistics Insurance Market Projections, SWOT Analysis, Risk Analysis, Trends and Forecast by 2025 (Fri 12th May 17) Elly's Secret Set To Launch Kickstarter Campaign For Makeup Light Technology (Fri 12th May 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Subscribe Information that drives Canadian industry News Features Insights Technology Centre Events Plant Expo Upcoming Events More Digital Edition Plant West Salary Calculator Contacts Advertise Boeing halts testing of new 737 Max plane over engine issue Issue is related to turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. May 11, 2017 by CP Staff Topics General Operations Production Industries Aerospace Manufacturing Tags aerospace manufacturing Boeing boeing 737 MAX manufacturing DALLAS — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new airliner because of a possible problem in the manufacturing of a key engine part. The company said it still plans to deliver the first Boeing 737 Max later this month, and production will continue. Chicago-based Boeing was notified last week of a potential issue involving turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. Boeing said it has not experienced any problems with the discs during more than 2,000 hours of testing. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing’s most popular commercial plane. Malaysia’s Malindo Air plans to take delivery of the first Max in a few days and begin using it for passenger flights before July. Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. expects to begin using the plane this fall. The discs in question are made by a supplier to CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and France’s Safran. GE spokeswoman Jamie Jewell declined to identify the supplier. She said GE and Safran will work with the supplier to find and correct any shortcomings in the manufacturing process while also turning to a backup supplier to keep production of engines on schedule. In a written statement, Boeing said it will work with CFM “to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue.” New planes and parts go through extensive testing to turn up problems before passengers go on board. Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., said “this doesn’t look like a serious concern” because Boeing still expects to deliver the first plane this month and it appears to be a fixable manufacturing problem rather than a design flaw. Boeing has built about 9,500 single-aisle 737s since the late 1960s. The company said it has taken more than 3,700 orders for the Max, which carries a list price of $112.4 million to $119.2 million, although airlines routinely get big discounts. News from © Canadian Press Enterprises Inc. 2016 Share This Post Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Print this page Related Posts Boeing halts 787 deliveries until battery problems are fixed Boeing tunes 737 engines to improve environmental impact Boeing lands 100 plane order worth up to $10.7B Boeing predicts major plane-buying spree Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website Canadian leaders must prepare for the future: report Meet the huge asset manager pulled into Canada’s political arena Manufacturers’ Outlook 2017 Survey results and roundtable discussion. Download PDF Sponsored by Salary Calculator Sponsored by Services Subscribe to Print E-Newsletter Advertise Content Marketing Contacts Magazine View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Trending How a call from President Trump’s son-in-law started a scramble on NAFTA Telsa to sell solar roof tiles worldwide Most companies missing on metrics to boost employee performance NAFTA: Why Trump’s trade pick is moving slowly to confirmation Ontario sells its final batch of Hydro One shares to gross $2.79B Softwood threat from Trudeau government ‘inappropriate’: Ross China beckons Canada and Mexico in face of US uncertainty Manufacturing Network Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Operations > Quality > Boeing Halts 737 Max Test on Cusp of Debut After Engine Snag Boeing Halts 737 Max Test on Cusp of Debut After Engine Snag May 11, 2017 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Boeing said a possible quality defect in the Leap engine’s low-pressure turbine discs was discovered during inspections. Boeing Advertisement Boeing Co. (IW 500/9) is temporarily suspending flights of its new 737 Max jetliner because of a potential manufacturing flaw in the engines, marring the commercial debut for the fastest-selling plane in company history. The jetmaker and its engine supplier, a venture of General Electric Co. and Safran SA, are rushing to understand the problem ahead of the aircraft’s first delivery, which remains scheduled for later this month. Boeing said a possible quality defect in the Leap engine’s low-pressure turbine discs was discovered during inspections and hadn’t affected flight testing of the upgraded 737. The grounding added to concerns about the strain on suppliers as the U.S. manufacturer and European rival Airbus SE unveil new aircraft models while ramping up single-aisle production to record levels. Boeing is counting on a smooth start for the 737 Max, the newest version of a plane that is the company’s largest source of profit, as it seeks to boost cash flow. “Investors are acutely focused on 737 Max ramp risk -- and the impact on cash,” Robert Stallard, an analyst at Vertical Research Partners, said in a note to clients. Popular Now 12 Key Strategies to Achieving a Work-Life Balance The Toyota OpEx Magic: 9 Key Practices What Could be Done about China's Theft of Intellectual Property? Boeing fell 1.2% to $183.18 at the Wednesday close in New York, the second-biggest decline on the Dow Jones Industrial Average, after adjusting for the beginning of trading without the right to a dividend. GE dropped 0.8% to $28.70. Racing to Catch Up with Airbus The Max has accumulated 3,714 orders before its commercial debut but is still racing to catch up to Airbus’s A320neo. The latest 737 model is slated to be handed over this month to Malindo Air and  Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA. Other major customers with deliveries this year include Southwest Airlines Co. and American Airlines Group Inc. The decision to halt flights was made “out of an abundance of caution,” said Boeing spokesman Doug Alder, adding that the plane completed flight testing months ahead of schedule.  “The step is consistent with our priority focus on safety.” Malindo, an affiliate of Indonesian carrier PT Lion Mentari Airlines, didn’t respond to an email seeking comment. It had expected to take the 737 Max early next week, advertising that commercial service would begin May 19. In 2012, Lion announced the signing of a $22.4 billion order with Boeing. Other Asian customers for the Max include SpiceJet Ltd. in India, Singapore-based lessor BOC Aviation Ltd., VietJet Aviation Joint Stock Co. in Vietnam and the continent’s biggest carrier China Southern Airlines Co. Rick Kennedy, a spokesman for GE Aviation, said about 30 CFM International engines will be inspected at sites in the U.S. and France. In the meantime, production will continue using discs from other CFM suppliers, he said. The issue doesn’t affect other versions of the Leap engine used on planes from Airbus and Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., Kennedy said. “This doesn’t look like a serious concern,” Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen & Co., said in a note to clients. The engine problem is “not a design shortfall but what appears to be an easily fixable sub-tier supplier component issue.” Both CFM and rival Pratt & Whitney, which together make the bulk of engines for narrow-body commercial jets, have encountered faults as they’ve churned out turbines over the past year. Pratt Delays Airbus has fallen behind in deliveries of its A320neo family of aircraft as Pratt’s cutting-edge geared turbofan engine encounters durability issues and production snarls. Executives of Air Lease Corp., a Los Angeles-based aircraft lessor, warned during an earnings call last week that a CFM-powered model was also encountering delays. CFM faces a steep production increase for the Leap, as Boeing and Airbus plot to increase narrow-body production by 33% through the decade’s end. After delivering 77 of the engines last year, 28 fewer than it had predicted, CFM has targeted producing about 500 Leap this year and about 2,000 in 2020. “It’s important that this gets straightened out pronto,” Nicholas Heymann, an analyst at William Blair & Co., said of the engine issue. Bladed discs, located in the hot section of a turbofan engine, pull energy from the hot gases of the combustor to produce thrust. The components must be able to withstand extreme stresses and high temperatures inside the engine. The Leap 1-B engines, created for Boeing’s Max, were repeatedly inspected during more than 2,000 hours in the air for the Max 8’s flight test program, which concluded during the first quarter, Alder said. The engine endured another 3,000 simulated flight cycles during testing that ended last month so the plane would be certified for long ocean flights. Airline Impact Unclear The impact on airline customers eager to show off the brand-new planes wasn’t immediately apparent. Boeing has several unaffected engines available that it could swap to avoid lengthy delays on initial deliveries, Alder said. For Norwegian, also awaiting its first Max this month, the inspections “will result in a few days’ delay” but aren’t expected to disrupt the carrier’s new trans-Atlantic flights starting next month, spokesman Anders Lindstrom said in an email. The carrier had expected to take five more of the single-aisle planes in June. Southwest and American said they hadn’t been notified of any changes to their Max delivery schedules. Southwest is the second-biggest customer for the Max after Lion Air, with 200 on order, while American has ordered 100 of the planes. On-time delivery of Southwest’s Max planes is critical because the Dallas-based airline is counting on them to fill a gap when it retires its oldest aircraft on Oct. 1. Southwest is set to take delivery of its first Max in July, the airline’s chief financial officer said in January. American is scheduled to receive four Max aircraft this year, the first in the third quarter. By Julie Johnsson and Richard Clough Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing's China Rival Mounts Challenge Using US Technology Boeing Sales Disappoint After Fewest Jet Deliveries Since 2014 Boeing to Dismiss Hundreds of Engineers amid Sales Slowdown Boeing's Largest 737 Max Jet Takes Flight Amid Market Downdraft Honda Audit Finds Takata Engineers Manipulated Air-Bag Test Data THE LATEST Siemens to Slash 1,700 German Jobs in Efficiency Drive Ford Investors Assail Executives on `Pathetic' Stock Return Changes in Workplace Regulations? Don't Hold Your Breath Americans Believe Manufacturing Industry Critical to Country’s Prosperity MESA Turns to Crowd Sourcing to Tackle Manufacturers' Biggest Challenges Boeing Halts 737 Max Test on Cusp of Debut After Engine Snag Bombardier Chairman Gives Up Executive Role After Uproar on Pay A Twitter Take on Day 3 of the IndustryWeek Manufacturing & Technology Conference & Expo Rocketing Ford into the Future Microsoft to Build Artificial Intelligence into Every Product, Service it Offers More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week May 8, 2017 Article UniCarriers Commits to its Employees as it Commits to Automation UniCarrier's employees aren’t afraid of robots because they know automation isn't taking their jobs, but instead is making their jobs easier and safer....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek The Toyota OpEx Magic: 9 Key Practices Boeing Halts 737 Max Test on Cusp of Debut After Engine Snag Rocketing Ford into the Future Best Practices for Using Value Stream Mapping as a Continuous Improvement Tool Toyota Chief Says He's Looking at Spending Cuts as Profit Slides IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series On the Path to Profitable Growth: Real World Examples of How Manufacturers are Extracting Value from Big Data The Importance of Advanced Planning and Scheduling The Pulse of Performance Management 2017: The Next Generation of Solutions for Budgeting, Forecasting, Consolidation, Reporting, and Analytics Digital Efficiency -- Unlocking the Low-Carbon Economy View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports IW White Papers Overcoming The Growing Complexity of Support The Future of Information – the Disruptive Enterprise How Digital Transformation Drives Supply Chain Restructuring Imperative Optimize Your B2B Integration with the Right Partner Enriched Data Accelerates the Realization of Smart Manufacturing More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store News Shopping Cart Your cart is currently empty. Visit the IBD Store to get started. Market Trend Market Trend The Big Picture Stock Market Today IBD's ETF Market Strategy Psychological Market Indicators Stock Lists Stock Lists My Stock Lists IBD Big Cap 20 IPO Leaders Stocks Near A Buy Zone IBD 50 New Highs Global Leaders Your Weekly Review Sector Leaders Relative Strength at New High Rising Profit Estimates Tech Leaders Stock Spotlight CAN SLIM Select Stocks that Funds are Buying IBD Data Tables Stocks On The Move Research Stock Research IBD Stock Checkup IBD Charts ETFs & Funds Investing Action Plan The Income Investor ETF Center Earnings Preview Industry Snapshot IBD Industry Themes Earnings Calendar Short Selling Futures & Options IBD Stock Analysis Swing Trading Bonds The New America IBD Data Stories Premium Investing Tools Leaderboard Swing Trader eTables Top Rated Stocks Under $10 MarketSmith News NEWS eIBD Best ETFs Technology ETF Leaders Click Tech Blog Best Mutual Funds FANG Stocks News Economy Retirement Economic Calendar Personal Finance Real Estate Financial Advisor Briefing Special Reports Management Industry News Pages Politics Politics Editorials Trump News & Tweets Commentary The Trump Economy Columnists Economic Optimism Index Policy & Analysis IBD/TIPP Poll IBD Videos Investing Videos Home Study Programs How to Invest Lesson Topics Getting Started with IBD The CAN SLIM Investing System How to Time the Stock Market How to Find and Evaluate Stocks How to Read Stock Charts How to Buy Stocks How to Sell Stocks Swing Trading Educational Resources New to IBD IBD Meetups Ask IBD Investor's Corner IBD Key Terms IBD Live Workshops IBD Home Study Courses Webinars Leaderboard Swing Trader MarketSmith Store Hi MY IBD SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites My Stock Lists Edit Sign In Shopping Cart Hi SIGN OUT My Products My Favorites Edit My Stock Lists News Boeing Gets Confidence Boost For 737 Max After Halting Flight Tests GILLIAN RICH 5/11/2017 Reprints Boeing (BA), a Dow Jones industrial average component, announced a 737 Max deal for 20 planes, a day after flight tests were halted over engine concerns. On Thursday, Boeing said it received an order for eight 737 Max 9 planes, valued at $950 million at list prices, from Iceland's Primera Air. The deal also includes the purchase rights for four more Max 9 planes and a lease deal for eight planes from Air Lease (AL). Primera Air said it would us the jets for routes between Europe and North America. "The 737 MAX 9 will allow Primera Air to open up nonstop, long-haul routes from Europe to the U.S. with unmatched economics," Primera Air President Andri M. Ingolfsson said in a release. "This aircraft has a lower per-seat cost than the current wide body aircraft servicing the transatlantic and the capabilities of this aircraft type will change the economics of the industry." Boeing shares rose 0.4% to 183.95 on the stock market today. European rival Airbus (EADSY), whose A321 planes have been popular among carriers for trans-Atlantic routes, sank 1.9%. The announcement comes a day after Boeing said that it would ground test flights of its 737 Max over possible quality issues on low-pressure turbine disks in LEAP 1B engines. Boeing shares fell 2% to 183.18, dropping below a 185.81 buy point but finding support at the 50-day line. Engine maker CFM, a joint venture of General Electric (GE) and France's Safran, alerted Boeing to quality issues with the new engines. Shares of GE, another Dow component, rose 0.6% to 28.87. On Thursday, Olivier Andries, the head of Safran's aircraft engines division, said the issue wasn't related to the engine's design but was a quality problem with two of its suppliers, and that it should be fixed within weeks. On Wednesday, Boeing said no issues were found with the engine during the 737 Max testing, but that it would suspend testing "out of an abundance of caution" and was still on track to start delivering the first planes later this month. "While we believe these issues are likely minor in nature, and should not impact the still planned first MAX delivery later in May, these issues also have a way of expanding and can take more time to resolve than initially anticipated," Canaccord Genuity analyst Ken Herbert wrote in a note. "If the delays do stretch and cause incremental delays in the program (which we view as a low probability), we wanted to highlight the importance of the 737 to the industry and specifically our universe. Note that the 737 tends to be a high margin program for many suppliers and is a source of significant free cash flow for Boeing and many suppliers, such as Ducommun (DCO), Spirit AeroSystems (SPR) and Hexcel (HXL).  So while we view the risk of significant delays here as limited, it is risk to watch, and the initial delays can turn out to be more serious than anticipated." RELATED: Defense And Aerospace Stocks To Watch And Industry News GILLIAN RICH | Facebook | @IBD_GRich Share this: Related news Dow Jones Industrial Average And Dow Stocks: News And Analysis 5/11/2017 Get the latest news and analysis on the Dow Jones Industrial Average and its 30 component stocks. 5/11/2017 Get the latest news and analysis on the Dow Jones... Airline Industry News And Stocks To Watch Defense And Aerospace Stocks To Watch And Industry News Snap Is Losing Facebook Clone War; This Dow Drug Stock Nears Buy Will Microsoft Cloud GE's Industrial Internet Hopes? Not So Fast Nasdaq, S&P 500 End Higher; Boeing, Disney Trip Up Dow Dow Stock Boeing Halts 737 Max Tests But Delivery Plans Still On Track Indexes Hold Tightly Near Highs; Boeing Falls On 737 Max Flight Halt Stocks Flat As Small Caps Lag; Dow 30 Play Boeing Tops Buy Point Today's Spotlight IBD Trading Summit Attend a Summit in Indianapolis (5/13) or Austin (6/3) to learn about swing trading and growth stocks! Don’t Miss The MoneyShow Join IBD investing experts for free workshops at Las Vegas and learn more about IBD products. Get Leaderboard Find winning stocks faster with Leaderboard. Get our proprietary stock analysis today. More News Nvidia Surges 23% In Two Days On Earnings, GPU Conference After Alibaba And Weibo Breakouts, Is This Chinese Stock Next? All-New Pricing from TradeStation. Open an Account Today. Promoted Content By TradeStation Special Report Earnings Calendar, Analyst Estimates And Stocks To Watch Build your watch list and action plan with a look at stocks set to report. TRADING CENTER INVESTING RESOURCES SUBSCRIBE TO THE IBD DIGITAL EDITION Get 4 free weeks of the IBD Digital edition plus access to IBD's exclusive market analysis, proprietary stock ratings and interactive tools. WATCH, LEARN AND LISTEN WITH IBD VIDEOS Stay on top of the market with IBD's exclusive videos. You will find the latest news, market analysis, and education to help you become a more successful investor. GETTING STARTED WITH IBD Get the most out of IBD's products and features by learning the CAN SLIM Investing System and staying in sync with the market trend. IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices About Us Advertising Contact Us Terms & Privacy Policy Site Map IBD Stock Charts IBD Stock Checkup Stock Quotes CAN SLIM Advisors MarketSmith How to Buy Stocks How to Read Stock Charts When to Sell Stocks IBD Retail Locations Ad Choices Stock Market Today The Big Picture Economic Calendar Investing Workshops New to IBD Economy Technology Politics Editorials Co-Browse Connect With Us On Notice: Information contained herein is not and should not be construed as an offer, solicitation, or recommendation to buy or sell securities. The information has been obtained from sources we believe to be reliable; however no guarantee is made or implied with respect to its accuracy, timeliness, or completeness. Authors may own the stocks they discuss. The information and content are subject to change without notice. *Real-time prices by Bats®. Volume delayed. Real-time quote and/or trade prices are not sourced from all markets. © 2000-2017 Investor's Business Daily, Inc. All rights reserved
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Friday 12 May 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Primera Air places USD 950m order for 8 Boeing 737 MAX 9 aircraft By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · May 11, 2017 Boeing [NYSE: BA] and Scandinavian low-cost airline Primera Air have announced an order for eight 737 MAX 9 airplanes, valued at more than USD 950m at list prices, Boeing said. The agreement also includes purchase rights for four additional 737 MAX 9s and a lease agreement for eight more airplanes from Air Lease Corporation. Primera Air seeks to commence flights between Europe and North America, and plans to use the MAX 9´s auxiliary fuel tanks to lower trip costs and maximize the range to accommodate flights connecting Europe to the east coast of the US. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history, accumulating more than 3,700 orders from 87 customers worldwide. Primera Air is an all-Boeing carrier currently operating a fleet of nine Next-Generation 737-700s and 737-800s with flights to more than 70 airports in Europe. Primera Air is part of the Primera Travel Group that operates travel agencies and tour operating companies in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Iceland and Estonia. The Boeing Company, together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, sells, services, and supports commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services worldwide. Related posts AkzoNobel selects Jean Boulle Luxury to produce aviation grade coating May 11, 2017 Jean Boulle Luxury has signed an agreement with AkzoNobel for the production of its aviation... At-risk youth learn about aviation careers at Pan Am International Flight Academy May 11, 2017 A new collaboration between the Cuban-American National Council (CNC) and Pan Am International Flight Academy... Southwest completes transition to Amadeus Altéa IT platform May 11, 2017 Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) and Amadeus IT Group have jointly announced the carrier´s transition... APEX calls for hold on electronics ban expansion to Europe May 11, 2017 The Airline Passenger Experience Association (APEX) has called for a hold on the electronics ban... Porter Airlines selects OpenAirlines solution to improve fuel efficiency May 11, 2017 Porter Airlines has signed a partnership with OpenAirlines to use its innovative fuel efficiency platform,... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « STG buys Dicom Extra Express division from Wind Point Air China to offer direct Melbourne – Shenzhen service beginning June 2017 » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Nordic airline Primera orders Boeing 737 MAX planes to fly transatlantic By Reuters Published: 09:02 EDT, 11 May 2017 | Updated: 09:02 EDT, 11 May 2017 e-mail OSLO, May 11 (Reuters) - Nordic budget airline Primera Air has agreed to buy eight of Boeing's new 737 MAX aircraft for more than $950 million at list prices, and has an option to buy an additional four planes, the companies said on Thursday. Primera said it wanted the new planes as it plans to start offering transatlantic flights, the latest low-cost European carrier to do so after Norwegian Air, Eurowings and British Airways' Level. The order also includes the sale of another eight 737 MAX planes to Air Lease Corp, which will lease them in turn to Primera - bringing the total order to 20 planes. The companies did not disclose the value of the total order. Boeing halted test flights of the 737 MAX airplanes on Wednesday due to an issue with the engine, which is made by CFM International, a joint venture between Safran and GE. Safran said on Thursday it aimed to fix the glitch within weeks. Primera Air, which is Icelandic owned but based in Copenhagen, currently operates nine planes, all Boeing, serving European destinations. It is the latest carrier that intends to use single-aisle planes to operate transatlantic routes, which are typically flown by wide-body planes in order to keep costs down. "This aircraft has a lower per-seat cost than the current wide-body aircraft servicing the transatlantic (routes)," Primera Air President Andri M. Ingolfsson said in a statement. (Reporting by Gwladys Fouche; Editing by Susan Fenton) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flashes her famous curves in figure-hugging black midi dress to take daughter North on ice cream outing for KUWTK scenes Miley Cyrus proudly wears her engagement ring while playing the wholesome surfer girl in new video tribute to hunky fiance Liam Hemsworth  'I actually got confused! Shocked fans go into meltdown after Billie Piper shares a rare picture of her almost identical younger sister Elle Rehab? No thanks! Scott Disick parties with gaggle of blondes amid fears he's 'drinking too much' in wake of Kourtney's new toyboy romance Kourtney Kardashian goes NUDE in pool for photoshoot... while 'jealous' Kylie Jenner and sisters watch on Not an inch of fabric to cover up Worried about beach style this summer? Take inspiration from the A-list and pick the look that works for your personality AND body SPONSORED SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt STABS Gary Windass... while evil boyfriend Nathan prepares to set another vile friend upon her Beanie buddies! Justin Timberlake carries Silas wearing matching skull caps and meets up with Jessica Biel Duo were seen arguing in public last week Strawberry please! North West, three, enjoys ice cream cone on day out with mom Kim Kardashian in LA She turns four next month Peep show! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she wears sheer dress with no bra to Dior show in Los Angeles Beach ballerina! Katy Perry twirls around the sea in blush pink dress on girlie vacation in Mexico  Showcased her stunning physique Solo shopper! Jennifer Aniston enjoys some retail therapy in LA after shooting down any hope of a Friends reunion Spotted loading some new goods into her car  'He wants to kill me... I want to kill him' Aaron Chalmers is involved in heated shoving match with rival Greg Jenkins as they weigh in ahead of MMA debut  'I'm very proud of you': Billie Faiers shows her support for pregnant Ferne McCann... as she prepares to welcome best friend into 'the mummy club' All you need to taste the sunshine is a fork! We show you how to EAT your way around the Mediterranean this summer SPONSORED Pippa Middleton 'asks guests to bring TWO outfits to her wedding' - but are the bride-to-be's growing list of demands becoming a 'tad ridiculous'? I'm a Barbie girl! Blonde Kylie Jenner transforms into a 'plastic and fantastic' living doll for eye-popping new shoot Bright young thing Danniella Westbrook sips a cocktail on a luxurious yacht as she soaks up sun in Spain... after EastEnders SLAM claims she will return to the soap Victoria Beckham looks effortlessly chic as she steps out in New York... after missing out on premiere for husband David's big acting debut in King Arthur Baby-faced raver! Hollyoaks' Tom Cunningham parties in Ibiza as childstar films new scenes for spin off of the Channel 4 soap  Good times Snooze to schmooze! Bella Hadid cuts a tired figure as she touches down in London in bright pink pyjamas before hitting the town in sexy ab-flashing ensemble Booty-ful inside and out! Busty Amber Rose reveals famous derriere in low-cut spandex bodysuit on Instagram Continued to flaunt her body  'I'm single at the moment': One Direction's Niall Horan, 23, says he's in 'no rush' to get into a relationship due to his 'flat out' work schedule Gemma Oaten goes public with new boyfriend Scott Walker at Interlude In Prague premiere in London... following heartbreak over Nick Knowles fling 'They're a bunch of w***ers!' Tommy Mallett and Georgia Kousoulou shock Holly Willoughby by fiercely slamming their TOWIE co-stars on Celebrity Juice Cally-Jane Beech slams 'today's labour procedures' after tough 32-hour birth to welcome daughter Vienna by emergency C-section Revving up! Blac Chyna shares snaps of the $273k red Ferrari she received as a birthay gift... but doesn't reveal who it's from Bright red sportscar Braless Joanna Krupa suffers epic wardrobe malfunction as flashbulbs expose her ample assets and underwear under metallic knitted dress  Tess Daly puts on a leggy display in a zip-up cocktail dress slashed to the thigh as she cosies up to husband Vernon Kay during night out Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley showcases her blossoming baby bump in a figure-hugging black maxi dress as she steps out in Santa Monica Lottie Moss looks sartorially savvy as she flashes her lean legs in tiny shorts and suede jacket for dating app launch In London on Thursday Checkmate! Charli XCX flaunts her washboard abs in quirky batwing crop top and coordinating flares as she enjoys launch party in London Bruce Forsyth's wife Wilnelia, 59, looks timeless in midnight blue ensemble as she makes solo appearance after Strictly legend, 89, was hospitalised 'He's a mini version of ME': Liam Payne claims baby son Bear looks like him during meet or greet with fans... as he shares title and release date of his debut solo single It's Jude 2:0! Law's lookalike son Rafferty cuts a handsome figure as he poses for edgy new Timberland campaign Spitting image Newly-single Vanessa White cosies up to Saturdays bandmate Frankie Bridge's ex Dougie Poynter as they catch up at star-studded hotel launch Dakota Johnson pairs blue-patterned jumpsuit with $190 Gucci plastic slides in Hollywood Has called Gucci designer Alessandro Michele 'a good friend' Focusing on family! Kourtney Kardashian spends time with kids at ice cream museum as 'friends fear ex Scott Disick is spiraling out of control' 'When Virgin don't put your bags on the plane!' Lewis Hamilton looks despondent as he waits for missing luggage 'for over an hour' following flight from Los Angeles Revenge wedding! Emily VanCamp takes to Instagram to announce engagement to Josh Bowman The Canadian actress has her engagement ring 'His loss is tough': Halle Berry posts touching tribute to 'beloved' cat Playdough Posted a tribute to her 'beloved' late cat Playdough 'Did we genuinely miss this?': Eurovision fans left fuming when BBC coverage omits Macedonia contestant's romantic proposal Flocked to Twitter 'Couldn't find one perk in this book': 'Jealous' Harry Styles fans target 1D star's rumoured girlfriend Tess Ward as she receives a string of scathing book reviews Casting her spell! Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, looks enchanting in black pantsuit at the Wizard Of Lies premiere in NYC Knows how to enchant Proving her X Factor! Chloe Paige puts on a leggy display in a plunging gold gown slashed to the thigh as she enjoys night out in London Make-up free Amber Dowding dons skin-tight pink tracksuit as she heads to gym... after TOWIE's Chris Clark dumped Little Mix's Jesy Nelson for her Bring your mum to work day! Jennifer Lopez beams as mother Guadalupe visits her on Shades Of Blue NYC set Gave her a warm hug on the show's set  Giving himself a shake! Nick Jonas slurps protein drink after getting pumped at gym in Los Angeles Showing off his bulging biceps Rosie O'Donnell 'sparks custody battle between her Broadway actress lover and husband' With husband David 'Scott' Schiff  Catherine Tyldesley exudes elegance in a chic Bardot dress as she parties with Corrie co-star Katie McGlynn at perfume bash Looking good Samantha Barks flashes underboob in revealing cut-out LBD as she leads the glamour at premiere of her new film Interlude In Prague A £450,000 collection of designer dresses and £110,000 worth of handbags: Inside Tamara's £1m wardrobe (and what it says about what's inside her head!) Looking Super! Diane Lane joins Faye Dunaway at Paris Can Wait premiere in West Hollywood  It will no doubt be an action extravaganza Adrenaline junkie Tom Cruise can't stop smiling as he races down a Paris street in daring motorbike chase scene for Mission: Impossible 6 Watch this space! Director Ridley Scott brings the Alien saga bursting back to life with hints of his 1979 sci-fi masterpiece  All his hallmarks Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbers had made a previous heist attempt... but were scared off by her husband Kanye West Terrifying ordeal Hugs and kisses! Khloe Kardashian spreads the love with XO sweatshirt as she jets into LA Dressed in head-to-toe camouflage The morning after the knight before! Brooklyn Beckham cuts a trendy figure alongside pal Rocco's girlfriend Kim Turnbull in London... after King Arthur bash 'She had a severe panic attack and collapsed': Stephanie Davis REMAINS in hospital with mystery 'stress-related illness' amid break up   Elisabeth Moss gets VERY steamy with co-star Max Minghella as goes completely NAKED for sex scene in new show The Handmaid's Tale Kylie Jenner goes sporty in crop top as she visits babies with cleft palates during philanthropic Peru trip... after donating $1m for their surgery How I got my Baywatch body back at 49: Donna D'Errico shares more pictures from her extensive plastic surgery transformation  Nicki Minaj and Joe Jonas get close in DNCE's Kissing Strangers music video Rap diva sported a brown-patched bikini top and floral pants  'I was a go-go dancer!': Goldie Hawn reveals she danced on tables for money and took nude photo for Kurt Russell during sexy game with Amy Schumer 'Sincerest regrets': Chanel issues apology after Gabourey Sidibe reveals she was racially profiled at their Chicago boutique  Said sorry Run every town! Jay Z signs massive decade-long $200 million touring contract It seems as though he isn't slowing down anytime soon 'I was asked to do it, and the answer is no': Simon Cowell shuts down any talk of returning for American Idol reboot It's not happening Pregnant Ferne McCann shows off a hint of a bump in chic striped dress as she emerges with a smile on her face... after breaking down in tears live on air Elba's the boss on both sides of the camera: Actor to debut as a director in morality tale movie about a North London drug dealer Starting Monday This Is Us star Chrissy Metz rocks chic LBD as she returns to the red carpet after thanking fans for support following body shaming Unfazed by criticism Sue Perkins and Mel Giedroyc ' frontrunners to host BBC revival of The Generation Game'... months after quitting The Great British Bake Off MasterChef final is tinged with sadness after grandmother who taught contestant to cook sadly dies since it was filmed Last episode   'It affected every part of my life': Jamie O'Hara battled depression after his mother died when he was 17... and sought help because of his sons 'I was sick of taking them': Danniella Westbrook worries fans by admitting she has stopped medication for schizophrenia and clinical depression 'I'm gonna bump you!' Tongue-tied Chris Pratt goes red in the face while playing laugh-out-loud guessing game with Ellen Fits of laughter  Kate Moss and a male pal wear MATCHING khaki jackets in London... after she was left 'pining' for beau Nikolai von Bismark during rehab stint  Gigi Hadid goes casual cool in quirky Tommy Hilfiger jacket on coffee run in New York... and raises eyebrows with new bling on THAT finger 'I feel most confident in the gym': Demi Lovato reveals training MMA is 'definitely therapeutic' as she launches fitness line New range Alexa Chung goes casual chic in oversized sweater and leggings as she enjoys a stroll around New York Showed off her more relaxed style EXCLUSIVE: Attorney lashes out at father of Bella and Gigi Hadid as judge orders him to stand trial and face possible JAIL for illegally built mansion Nephew accused of abusing Katherine Jackson claims she should pay his legal fees as she 'spends thousands every month supporting her children' 'I'm not digging smoking right now': Miley Cyrus QUIT weed because she's 'too busy' to be 'munching at home playing video games' Lana Del Rey swaps glittering gold mini dress for saucy semi-sheer slip in stunning new photo shoot... amid romance rumours with rapper G-Eazy Boxing tale is a thumping tour de force: Jawbone packs an almighty punch, writes BRIAN VINER Stunningly acted, superbly written EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The BBC's King Charles III inevitably contained plenty of howlers  For example, Prince Charles prefers a belt! 'A budget has been set': Highly-anticipated Downton Abbey film is FINALLY 'set to begin shooting this autumn'... two years after its TV finale Lily and the Downton gang head to Guernsey: Actress speaks about her new role playing a war correspondent  Liked the idea of being an independent woman Harry's heading off in all sorts of directions: Eponymous solo debut from the 1D star is an engaging effort, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  New album Picking up the wedding shoes? Spencer Matthews shops with mother Jane ahead of brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton...as flame Vogue is 'banned' Back to her roots! TOWIE'S Megan McKenna returns to her long raven locks after fooling fans with a bright pink wig Brown locks Cara Delevingne sports a bubblegum pink wig as she shoots scenes new film for Life In A Year... before whipping it off to reveal her shaved head 'This isn't about you': Pregnant Ferne McCann trolled by This Morning viewers after breaking down in tears during first TV appearance since acid attack 'I would be mad too if magazines kept trying to keep us apart': Elsa Pataky breaks silence on 'tense' photos with husband Chris Hemsworth Awkward? Thomas Cohen and girlfriend Zoe Sidel cosy up at Tiffany bash... as his ex Daisy Lowe hits the same star-studded party Three's a crowd Tamara Ecclestone reveals her three-year-old daughter sleeps in her bed EVERY night (and insists her husband 'totally gets it') 'Co-sleeping' method 'We're planning something!': Take That are plotting a reunion tour and new music for 30th anniversary... and want Robbie and Jason on board 'I'm aware that it looks like a giant cigarette': Ashley James shows off her sensational figure in a skimpy bikini as she jokes about bizarre throwback holiday snap  Kourtney Kardashian celebrates new beau Younes Bendjima's birthday over dinner...as ex Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking'  Rob Kardashian digs out old pictures to wish Blac Chyna a happy birthday... after skipping her party with family and friends Boris Becker's ex-wife Barbara, 50, flaunts her long legs in fringed mini-dress as she arrives in style for Duftstars awards in Berlin Kim klone! Ashley Graham continues to channel Kardashian's style as she showcases curves in tight-fitting white two-piece and duster coat Shade! Jessica Chastain does epic eye-roll at Johnny Depp's dependence on earpiece while acting Actor 'has a full-time sound engineer'  Geordie Phwoar! Vicky Pattison shows off her legs in a pretty mini dress covered with flora and fauna embroidery for a summery day out  Cute day dress Vogue Williams shows off hr sideboob as she enjoys sunny holiday... after being 'banned' from Spencer Matthews' brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton 'I asked God to heal my son': Goldie Hawn reveals she turned to prayer when her son Oliver nearly died after birth Was taken to the ICU 13 Reasons Why stars Dylan Minnette and Katherine Langford pose for Entertainment Weekly cover...days after season two renewal Kieran Hayler denies claims wife Katie Price is pregnant in irritable cryptic Instagram video... insisting they 'aren't planning any more babies soon' Do I look good in this? Formula 1 champ Lewis Hamilton snaps a quick selfie during fashion photo shoot in Barcelona Looking uber cool  'Mermaid vibes': TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her incredibly tiny waist and darker braided locks as she poses by the sea for stunning bikini snap Sloane Rangers! Lottie Moss rocks ripped jeans and quirky blue shades as she goes shopping on King's Road with MIC's Emily Blackwell In good spirits PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Tamsin Egerton shows off her blooming bump in a tight T-shirt as she gets cosy with boyfriend Josh Hartnett in the park Tyga's mystery girl revealed! Rapper spotted stepping out with gorgeous Brazilian super star Anitta Her real name is Larissa de Macedo Machado Buckle up! Nicole Scherzinger and French Montana step out in matching beige trench coats as they enjoy night out in LA Denied romance  'He needs to go back to rehab': Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking' as Kourtney Kardashian moves on with toyboy model beau Amy Schumer reveals forgetful Kurt Russell was delighted to meet her for the first time... even though they'd already spent a whole evening together 'He's a great barometer for me:' Zac Efron says he looks to younger brother Dylan for dating advice Turns to his 25-year-old sibling for guidance Kesha turns heads in $823 kooky Gucci platforms and floral suit as she leads the style with long-term love Brad Ashenfelter at star-studded LA premiere This Is Us star Chrissy Metz thanks fans for 'love and support' after getting body shamed for wearing PVC dress to MTV Movie & TV Awards She wore a minidress 'My daily fix of puppy breath': January Jones cuddles up to new fluffy pet pooch Joey Shared a picture snuggled up to her pet pooch 'I never get on a scale!' Curvaceous model Kate Upton reveals she won't go on any crazy diets before wedding to Justin Verlander Not happening Leggy Adriana Lima risks a wardrobe malfunction in sizzling slashed gown while headed to NYC shoot Victoria's Secret Angel was red hot This is the life! Roxanne Pallett is in great spirits in sporty bikini during Portugal getaway... after dramatically leaving The Wedding Singer musical Yo-yo dieter Kirstie Alley indulges in ice cream and cigarette as she makes a Dairy Queen pit stop Treated themselves at a Florida truck stop What's in a name? Beyonce and Jay Z challenged AGAIN over second attempt to trademark Blue Ivy Carter Stranglehold The Fantastic Mr Bonneville: Downton Abbey star Hugh is to portray beloved children's author Roald Dahl in new biopic Coming soon 'A crew of forty, four survivors... ONE distress call': Bill is in mortal danger as Doctor Who confronts dozens of terrifying space zombies Nicole Kidman looks almost unrecognisable in trailer for Top of the Lake: China Girl sporting a grey wig and freckled complexion Who's that girl? That's hardly royal china! Jenna Coleman is a very modern queen as she carries disposable coffee cup while on Victoria set with real-life beau Tom Hughes Her royal cryness! Overwhelmed little boy bursts into tears after meeting Kate in Luxembourg on the latest leg of the royals' Brexit charm offensive Prince Charles reveals his desire to strengthen Britain's 'special relationship' with Ireland - 40 years after his 'honorary grandfather' was killed by the IRA Two houses united in grief: Swedish royals pay their respects to the king's brother-in-law as the Spanish monarchy send off the late Duchess of Calabria The couple that sweats together...! Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner put on a sporty show as they return home after gym session and coffee run 'He's a fraud, and can't cook': Jamie Oliver's calls to bring in a sugar tax to limit obesity is slammed by Australian breakfast TV host Mark Latham 'I wouldn't mind meeting her': Richard Wilkins says he would like 'to have a coffee' with Caitlyn Jenner after she propositioned for a date Made In Chelsea's Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo shows off her pins in a frilled suede skirt as she spends the afternoon frolicking with an array of adorable dogs Coral Queen! Maxima wears a vibrant orange number to welcome the President of Costa Rica to the Netherlands - hours after partying with European royals in Oslo Red hot! Holly Hagan flaunts her ample assets and enviable curves in sizzling in swimsuit in saucy Instagram snap Ex Geordie Shore star Beloved Catweazle and Worzel Gummidge actor Geoffrey Bayldon dies at home at 93 after battling respiratory problems  Beloved British actor Three's a crowd? Newly-single Cara De La Hoyde sizzles in a gold bikini as she eases her heartache in Cape Verde with Alex Bowen and Olivia Buckland He's got a type! Newly-single Tyga enjoys intimate dinner with a mystery girl in LA... who is the spitting image of his rumoured love interest Jordan Ozuna 'She burst into tears!' Busy Philipps surprises mom by wearing wedding dress for parents' 50th anniversary celebration On a Disney cruise Just the two of us! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego leave their boys at home as they share some quality time together Out and about My Modern arrangement: Ariel Winter, 19, reveals her new boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, has moved into her home Going strong  Don't call me Lady Gaga! Singer Stefani Germanotta drops famous stage name for A Star Is Born Reinventing her over-the-top image 'We were invited back to his dressing room...': Petula Clark claims she was propositioned for a THREESOME by Elvis with fellow singer Karen Carpenter Adriana Lima appears to take aim at ex Matt Harvey following booze bender just days after model ditched him and 'rekindled romance with Julian Edelman'  For the Love of fashion: Courtney flaunts her shapely legs in a chic shift dress and pussybow blouse at Cini party in Venice Not her rock chick self Competing with A-Rod? Jennifer Lopez shows off athletic physique in track jacket and clinging tights as she heads to gym in New York Breakaway! American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson set to join rival talent show The Voice... despite singing competition show's ABC return 'People want to create drama!' Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest have been 'transparent'... amid rumors American Idol return will create 'situation' Glam Salma Hayek showcases her enviable style in sizzling pink midi dress as she enjoys a romantic evening with François-Henri Pinault at Cini party in Venice Jingle Bell! Kristen gets animated with Mila Kunis on the Georgia set of A Bad Moms Christmas Was spotted gating rather worked up Young beauty Kaia Gerber, 15, displays striking resemblance to model mother Cindy Crawford, 51, as they enjoy low-key family dinner together in LA The boys are back in town! Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom are mobbed by fans as they hit the world premiere of new Pirates Of The Caribbean film The ultimate troll? Bow Wow claims there's a 'scientific method to his madness' attempting to suggest he purposely did the fake private jet post 'I was never afraid to be a provocative woman': Missy Elliott rocks Marc Jacobs track suit as she reveals inspiration for iconic outfits 'We make decisions as parents now': John Legend reveals he and Chrissy Teigen haven't exposed baby Luna to 'entertainment' yet Protective parents Performing with Glee: Lea Michele wows in plunging grey floral gown with sexy thigh-split as she shows off her dulcet tones at San Francisco gig In a tight spot! Lily James struggles to hold up her stockings and suspenders as she wears 40s costume to film Guernsey scenes on the beach WAG Camille Sold steps out with footballer fiance Morgan Schneiderlin in matching Adidas... paying homage to her past as a sports shop assistant Lily Collins jazzes up her casual jeans with glamorous slick of scarlet lipstick as she catches up with a gal pal over dinner in LA Looked truly stunning Looking fedorable! Drew Barrymore rocks a maroon hat as she channels a flower-power vibe to hail a cab Hailing a cab in New York City 'I truly can't believe it - double digits!' Donald Trump Jr's 'little girl' Kai celebrates 10th birthday alongside her parents, friends, and her aunt Tiffany Action girl! Tom Cruise checks out Mission Impossible 6 co-star Rebecca Ferguson on location in Paris as she struts around him sleek biker leathers Bold look! Charli XCX flaunts her ample cleavage in plunging black bra as she arrives at BBC studios in London Loves a racy ensemble Adrienne Bailon almost falls out of her bizarre one-sleeved shirt on date night with husband  Stepped out to celebrate their friends' birthday 'It's hard to accept help': Made In Chelsea stars Natalie Joel and Lauren Hutton reveal they have battled eating disorders and depression  'He's a talented actor!': Guy Ritchie defends casting David Beckham in King Arthur... but the former footballer insists 'won't be pursuing acting' after backlash Brooklyn Beckham tags along with pal Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull at star-studded King Arthur after-party... but where's dad David? Off-duty chic! Rose Byrne shows off style credentials in layered ensemble as she runs errands in New York Perfected the off-duty look  'My dad is still very much my mum's soulmate': Bindi Irwin breaks her silence on rumours her mother Terri is 'in love' with actor Russell Crowe Carol Vorderman leads outrage as ITV show Benidorm airs 'highly offensive' cleft lip joke which has sparkled 118 complaints to Ofcom Viewers weren't amused Bella Thorne debuts her mermaid curls as she displays her enviably toned physique in a patterned sports bra and cropped tracksuit bottoms On jolly good form! The Queen can't hide her delight as her horse wins a prestigious cup at the Windsor show The monarch wrapped up warm  Don't forget the price tag! Kerry Katona makes embarrassing faux pas as she displays toned pins in denim hot pants on Instagram  Showing them how it's done! BNTM judge Abbey Clancy strips down to a bikini as she cavorts with contestants on yacht for swimwear challenge 'She's the apple of our eyes': Poppy Delevingne insists she is not jealous of sister Cara... admitting supermodel was always destined for greatness Pure and simple: Myleene Klass looks effortlessly cool in a plunging floral maxi dress with sexy thigh-split as she heads to radio studios Cheeky! Kylie Jenner wears nothing but a bra and thong as she shows off generous derriere and ample assets in revealing social media snap 'I screamed and cried through the whole first viewing': Heath Ledger's sister Kate talks about seeing her brother's unseen footage in new documentary Sealed with a kiss!  Kate Hudson locks lips with new musician beau Danny Fujikawa as they make red carpet debut at Snatched premiere It's official 'She died with zero in the bank!' Ex-EastEnder John Partridge reveals his beloved mother has passed away... following his decision to do CBB to fund £45k care costs Peter Andre shares his experience with aliens on This Morning... after landing first movie role in Hollywood thriller The Undoing Bagged new movie role Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine U.S. Europe Asia Pacific Latin America Africa & Mideast Home» Report on Business» International Business This file photo taken on March 7, 2017, shows the first Boeing 737 MAX 9 airplane during its rollout for media at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on March 7, 2017. (JASON REDMOND/AFP/Getty Images) This file photo taken on March 7, 2017, shows the first Boeing 737 MAX 9 airplane during its rollout for media at the Boeing factory in Renton, Wash., on March 7, 2017. (JASON REDMOND/AFP/Getty Images) Safran executive aims to complete Boeing engine checks within weeks Add to ... Tim Hepher and Cyril Altmeyer VILLAROCHE, France — Reuters Published Thursday, May 11, 2017 8:02AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 11, 2017 8:04AM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print The head of Safran’s aircraft engines division said his company aimed to fix a Boeing plane engine glitch within weeks, after Boeing had to suspend test flights on a flagship new aircraft. Boeing said on Wednesday it had halted test flights of its new 737 MAX aircraft due to an issue with the engine, made by Safran-GE joint-venture CFM International. Boeing uses a version of the engine called LEAP-1B. The suspension came after Safran discovered a quality problem in turbine disks provided by one of two suppliers, and it is not related to the part’s design, Safran Aircraft Engines chief executive Olivier Andries told reporters. “There will be a temporary disruption to the logistics which we hope to fix within a few weeks,” said Andries, speaking at a factory outside Paris where it co-produces the engines with General Electric. Safran will fly part of the engines it has already delivered to Boeing back from the United States to its French factory, inspect them and return them to Boeing. It will take about a week for each engine and Safran is putting in place resources to handle several at once, Andries said. “It is not a design problem but a problem regarding the quality of the production,” he added. “The LEAP-1A engine is not affected.” Andries declined to name the supplier involved in the quality issue but said an alternative supplier had agreed to step up production to compensate. CFM’s shareholders said last month they expected to deliver 450 to 500 LEAP engines this year instead of 500 stated earlier, although Andries said CFM still aimed to deliver as near as possible to 500 of those engines this year. Boeing’s test flight suspension comes days before it was due to deliver its first 737 MAX to Malaysia’s Malindo Air. Airbus, which offers a larger version called LEAP-1A on its new A320neo aircraft family, said on Wednesday it continued to conduct normal test flights and was unaffected. However, it continues to experience delays in deliveries of the other choice of engine for that type of aircraft, the Geared Turbofan made by Pratt & Whitney. CFM builds the LEAP engines for the latest generation of Boeing 737 aircraft and offers them for Airbus’s competing A320neo model in competition with Pratt & Whitney. It also provides engines for China’s new C919 passenger jet, which staged its first flight earlier this month. Despite the latest glitch, Safran said Airbus has now delivered more of its A320neo with engines from CFM than Pratt & Whitney, which started six months earlier but has also run into widely reported technical problems. Shares in Safran, which is aiming to complete a merger with rival Zodiac, were down 0.9 per cent in mid-session trading – among the worst performers on Paris’ benchmark CAC-40 index which was flat. Report Typo/Error Also on The Globe and Mail China launches its first domestically built aircraft carrier (The Globe and Mail)   BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$183.94 0.00 (0.00%) GE-NGeneral Electric Co Latest Price$28.87 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 11 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. More Related to this Story WestJet challenges Air Canada’s dominance with Boeing order analysis As Boeing attacks, Bombardier gets a taste of the big leagues Bombardier snared in U.S. trade fight as Boeing takes aim at C Series aircraft Topics Aerospace Safran Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News College students turn their backs on DeVos at graduation News Man believed to be 147 years old laid to rest in Indonesia Report on Business Yield Hog: Restaurant royalty stocks can give you some juicy yields Globe Drive Move over Ferrari, McLaren is here to take your supercar crown Report on Business Money Monitor: Tax-efficient planning tips for retirement Sports College pitcher excels despite having one hand News Tillerson's delicate dance at Arctic climate talks News Voters bring health care heat to Congressmen Report on Business Gen Y Money: Should a GIC be on my radar? News Justin Trudeau tours flood zone in Gatineau, Quebec News Acting FBI chief faces congressional panel amid Comey fallout ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Streetwise newsletter: Hydro One stock sale hits a wall; Real Matters stock flat in long-awaited IPO Arts John Doyle: How Trump’s TV obsession explains it all Most popular May 12: Your daily horoscope Metrolinx strikes light-rail deal with Alstom, bypassing Bombardier Aimia shares plunge as Air Canada plans to launch own loyalty program Prepare for all-out war among loyalty programs for your business Globe editorial: With FBI firing, Donald Trump has crossed a line X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News Boeing stock drops after halting 737 MAX test flights By Andrew V. Pestano   |   May 11, 2017 at 8:05 AM Follow @upi Comments May 11 (UPI) -- Boeing stocks dropped after announcing it was temporarily suspending test flights of its 737 MAX narrow-body jetliners due to possible engine problems. Boeing on Wednesday said production of the jets would continue despite the halt in flights and that it was maintaining its plan to begin the first deliveries for the 737 MAX later this month. Boeing designed the MAX fleet to replace the previous 737 model as a more fuel-efficient model. Boeing stock on Wednesday dropped 2.31 points -- 1.25 percent -- to close down at $183.18 per share. The company's stock opened at $185.48 per share and saw a high on Wednesday of $185.65 per share, New York Stock Exchange data shows. Boeing said supplier CFM International notified the company last week of a potential issue related to turbine engine discs. "Out of an abundance of caution, we decided to temporarily suspend MAX flights," Boeing told BBC News. "The step is consistent with our priority focus on safety for all who use and fly our products." Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Boeing demonstrates integrated aircraft communications system Boeing receives contract for F-18 upgrades Iranian airlines under U.S. scrutiny for Syria arms flights Comments Trending A look back at Britain's Prince Philip's public life as he retires Next Article New Orleans removes statue of Confederate leader Jefferson Davis Latest Headlines T-Mobile sued after baby dies without 911 help 3 hours ago ago May 11 (UPI) -- The mother of a 6-month-old boy who died after his baby sitter didn't reach 911 in Dallas on her Metro PCS phone is suing the carrier's parent company T-Mobile. Kushner family won't pitch for funds in China after criticism 4 hours ago ago May 11 (UPI) -- White House senior adviser Jared Kushner's family backed out of a presentation to investors in China after his sister's sales pitch last weekend drew criticism. Mechanics caused $4M in damage to Air Force One in 2016 5 hours ago ago May 11 (UPI) -- Boeing mechanics servicing an Air Force One plane caused $4 million in damage and increased the risk of a fire in mid-flight if not corrected. ICE arrests 1,378 over six weeks in targeting gangs 5 hours ago ago May 11 (UPI) -- U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement concluded a six-week nationwide operation targeting gangs that made 1,378 arrests, the agency announced Thursday. Airline industry, Homeland Security officials discuss expanding laptop ban 6 hours ago ago May 11 (UPI) -- Airline officials met with the Department of Homeland Security Thursday about possible plans to widen a ban on larger electronic devices for commercial flights. Trending Stories Ex-congresswoman Brown convicted in $800K charity scheme ICE arrests 1,378 over six weeks in targeting gangs Dakota Access pipeline leaks 84 gallons in South Dakota North Korea military growing more powerful, survey shows Trump signs order making agency heads 'accountable' for cyberattacks PHOTOS Robert De Niro honored at Chaplin Award Gala in New York Composer Jerry Goldsmith receives posthumous star on Walk of Fame Photos from the 143rd Kentucky Derby 2017 MTV Movie & TV Awards winners Charlie Hunnam, Eric Bana attend 'King Arthur' premiere in Los Angeles On the red carpet at the MTV Movie & TV Awards Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Safran executive aims to complete Boeing engine checks within weeks Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Safran executive aims to complete Boeing engine checks within weeks Advertisement Business Safran executive aims to complete Boeing engine checks within weeks 11 May 2017 07:15PM Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail VILLAROCHE, France: The head of Safran's aircraft engines division said his company aimed to fix a Boeing plane engine glitch within weeks, after Boeing had to suspend test flights on a flagship new aircraft. Boeing said on Wednesday it had halted test flights of its new 737 MAX aircraft due to an issue with the engine, made by Safran-GE joint-venture CFM International. Boeing uses a version of the engine called LEAP-1B. The suspension came after Safran discovered a quality problem in turbine disks provided by one of two suppliers, and it is not related to the part's design, Safran Aircraft Engines Chief Executive Olivier Andries told reporters. "There will be a temporary disruption to the logistics which we hope to fix within a few weeks," said Andries, speaking at a factory outside Paris where it co-produces the engines with General Electric . Safran will fly part of the engines it has already delivered to Boeing back from the United States to its French factory, inspect them and return them to Boeing. It will take about a week for each engine and Safran is putting in place resources to handle several at once, Andries said. Advertisement Advertisement "It is not a design problem but a problem regarding the quality of the production," he added. "The LEAP-1A engine is not affected." Andries declined to name the supplier involved in the quality issue but said an alternative supplier had agreed to step up production to compensate. CFM's shareholders said last month they expected to deliver 450 to 500 LEAP engines this year instead of 500 stated earlier, although Andries said CFM still aimed to deliver as near as possible to 500 of those engines this year. Boeing's test flight suspension comes days before it was due to deliver its first 737 MAX to Malaysia's Malindo Air. Airbus, which offers a larger version called LEAP-1A on its new A320neo aircraft family, said on Wednesday it continued to conduct normal test flights and was unaffected. However, it continues to experience delays in deliveries of the other choice of engine for that type of aircraft, the Geared Turbofan made by Pratt & Whitney . CFM builds the LEAP engines for the latest generation of Boeing 737 aircraft and offers them for Airbus’s competing A320neo model in competition with Pratt & Whitney . It also provides engines for China’s new C919 passenger jet which staged its first flight earlier this month. Despite the latest glitch, Safran said Airbus has now delivered more of its A320neo with engines from CFM than Pratt & Whitney, which started six months earlier but has also run into widely reported technical problems. Shares in Safran, which is aiming to complete a merger with rival Zodiac , were down 0.9 percent in mid-session trading - among the worst performers on Paris' benchmark CAC-40 index which was flat. (Additional reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Andrew Callus and Elaine Hardcastle) Source: Reuters Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com News Others Boeing begins construction of new plant in China Boeing begins construction of new plant in China Source : Last Updated: Thu, May 11, 2017 16:40 hrs Beijing, May 11 (IANS) American multinational corporation Boeing has begun construction of its new plant in China, according to authorities on Thursday. The government of Zhoushan, 287 km southeast of Shanghai, said in a statement that a ceremony was held on Wednesday to mark the beginning of the construction work of the facility, which plans to deliver the first batch of aircraft by the end of 2018, Efe news reported. President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes Raymond Connor, who attended the ceremony, said it was a step forward in having the company's presence in China and an important collaboration in the aviation sector between the two countries. He added the new plant is a milestone in US-China collaboration in the field of technology, and said it will be an important economic boost for the area as several local suppliers would also set up shop near the Boeing plant. Boeing is building the plant in collaboration with China's state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC). The plant will comprise two parts: a B737 completion centre, a joint venture between Boeing and Comac, and a B737 delivery centre, solely owned by Boeing. It will provide services such as Boeing aircraft maintenance and fitting of seats, as well as designing the interiors of Boeing's 737 MAX series aircrafts. The plant is designed to manufacture eight to 10 aircraft per month amounting to a total of 100 aircraft per year. Zhoushan is considered the financial capital of China where COMAC has set up its aircraft design, manufacturing and testing centres. Last week, China unveiled its first mid-size indigenous passenger aircraft -- C919 -- which might offer direct competition to the Boeing 737 in the future. --IANS ksk/vt SEARCH More from Sify: talking point on sify news Latest Features Soldiers vs Stone Pelters Pakistan's betrayal hurts 56" Pakistan's BAT! Supreme Court vs Justice Karnan Dengue mosquitoes play a role in MCD polls! About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2017. All rights reserved
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » General FIFA expects $100 mn profit in 2015-18 financial cycle Business Standard Boeing begins construction of new plant in China IANS  |  Beijing  May 11, 2017 Last Updated at 16:22 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVhEdH ALSO READ China to penalise U.S. automaker for monopolistic behaviour - China Daily U.S.-China panel says should ban China state firms from buying U.S. companies Impact of US Fed's interest rate rises on China capital flows diminishing - China FX regulator China steps up protection of property rights US asks China to return drone seized in South China Sea American multinational corporation Boeing has begun construction of its new plant in China, according to authorities on Thursday. The government of Zhoushan, 287 km southeast of Shanghai, said in a statement that a ceremony was held on Wednesday to mark the beginning of the construction work of the facility, which plans to deliver the first batch of aircraft by the end of 2018, Efe news reported. President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes Raymond Connor, who attended the ceremony, said it was a step forward in having the company's presence in China and an important collaboration in the aviation sector between the two countries. He added the new plant is a milestone in US-China collaboration in the field of technology, and said it will be an important economic boost for the area as several local suppliers would also set up shop near the Boeing plant. Boeing is building the plant in collaboration with China's state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC). The plant will comprise two parts: a B737 completion centre, a joint venture between Boeing and Comac, and a B737 delivery centre, solely owned by Boeing. It will provide services such as Boeing aircraft maintenance and fitting of seats, as well as designing the interiors of Boeing's 737 MAX series aircrafts. The plant is designed to manufacture eight to 10 aircraft per month amounting to a total of 100 aircraft per year. Zhoushan is considered the financial capital of China where COMAC has set up its aircraft design, manufacturing and testing centres. Last week, China unveiled its first mid-size indigenous passenger aircraft -- C919 -- which might offer direct competition to the Boeing 737 in the future. --IANS ksk/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On China | News-ians | General PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Boeing begins construction of new plant in China American multinational corporation Boeing has begun construction of its new plant in China, according to authorities on Thursday. American multinational corporation Boeing has begun construction of its new plant in China, according to authorities on Thursday. The government of Zhoushan, 287 km southeast of Shanghai, said in a statement that a ceremony was held on Wednesday to mark the beginning of the construction work of the facility, which plans to deliver the first batch of aircraft by the end of 2018, Efe news reported. President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes Raymond Connor, who attended the ceremony, said it was a step forward in having the company's presence in China and an important collaboration in the aviation sector between the two countries. He added the new plant is a milestone in US-China collaboration in the field of technology, and said it will be an important economic boost for the area as several local suppliers would also set up shop near the Boeing plant. Boeing is building the plant in collaboration with China's state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC). The plant will comprise two parts: a B737 completion centre, a joint venture between Boeing and Comac, and a B737 delivery centre, solely owned by Boeing. It will provide services such as Boeing aircraft maintenance and fitting of seats, as well as designing the interiors of Boeing's 737 MAX series aircrafts. The plant is designed to manufacture eight to 10 aircraft per month amounting to a total of 100 aircraft per year. Zhoushan is considered the financial capital of China where COMAC has set up its aircraft design, manufacturing and testing centres. Last week, China unveiled its first mid-size indigenous passenger aircraft -- C919 -- which might offer direct competition to the Boeing 737 in the future. --IANS ksk/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Boeing begins construction of new plant in China American multinational corporation Boeing has begun construction of its new plant in China, according to authorities on Thursday. The government of Zhoushan, 287 km southeast of Shanghai, said in a statement that a ceremony was held on Wednesday to mark the beginning of the construction work of the facility, which plans to deliver the first batch of aircraft by the end of 2018, Efe news reported. President and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes Raymond Connor, who attended the ceremony, said it was a step forward in having the company's presence in China and an important collaboration in the aviation sector between the two countries. He added the new plant is a milestone in US-China collaboration in the field of technology, and said it will be an important economic boost for the area as several local suppliers would also set up shop near the Boeing plant. Boeing is building the plant in collaboration with China's state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC). The plant will comprise two parts: a B737 completion centre, a joint venture between Boeing and Comac, and a B737 delivery centre, solely owned by Boeing. It will provide services such as Boeing aircraft maintenance and fitting of seats, as well as designing the interiors of Boeing's 737 MAX series aircrafts. The plant is designed to manufacture eight to 10 aircraft per month amounting to a total of 100 aircraft per year. Zhoushan is considered the financial capital of China where COMAC has set up its aircraft design, manufacturing and testing centres. Last week, China unveiled its first mid-size indigenous passenger aircraft -- C919 -- which might offer direct competition to the Boeing 737 in the future. --IANS ksk/vt (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Jane's 360 Jane's Airport 360 IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events CANSEC 2017 IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS C4ISR: AIR ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login C4iSR: Air Boeing demonstrates Talon HATE airborne networking system Pat Host, Washington, DC - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 11 May 2017 Boeing and the US Air Force demonstrated that multiple aircraft and ground stations can communicate using the company's Talon HATE airborne networking system. Source: Boeing Key Points Boeing and US Air Force demonstrate key airborne networking system Talon HATE is developed by a USAF program designed to rapidly field key capabilities Boeing and the US Air Force (USAF) recently demonstrated that multiple aircraft and ground stations can communicate using the company's Talon HATE airborne networking system, according to a company statement. During flight testing at Nellis Air Force Base in New Mexico, Talon HATE pods on two F-15C aircraft enabled test pilots to share information through the military's Link 16, Common Data Link and Wideband Global Satellite (WGS) Communication (SATCOM) satellites. The tests also validated intra-flight datalink network capabilities used by F-22 Raptor aircraft. Pilots using the system can transmit information quickly between the F-15C Eagle and other USAF aircraft and weapon systems. USAF Talon HATE manager Lieutenant Colonel Christopher Bradley said in a statement the USAF has completed developmental flight test and it looks forward to fielding the system. Boeing will conduct additional tests later this year with advanced sensors, which the company believes will offer improved aircraft targeting capabilities. Boeing spokesperson Cheryl Sampson said on 10 May that Boeing is under contract with the USAF for Talon HATE, but deferred a request for specifics to the USAF, which had not answered Jane's request for comment at the time of writing. Sampson said Talon HATE is being developed for the USAF, as opposed to also being marketing to potential international customers. Boeing on 29 March was awarded a USD18.7 million contract modification from the USAF for sustainment of the AN/APG-63(V)1, AN/APG-63(V)2, AN/APG-63(V)3, and Talon HATE radar subsystems. On 23 December 2014, Boeing was also awarded a firm-fixed-price, undefinitised contract action worth no more than USD64.2 million for the continued availability of operational APG-63(V)1, APG-63(V)2, APG-63(V)3, and Talon HATE radars after aircraft installation. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (321 of 449 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: C4ISR & Mission Systems IHS Jane's C4ISR & Mission Systems: Air IHS Jane's Defence Weekly AMERICAS Xponential 2017: QinetiQ North America's Dragon Runner Mini to compete in LR2 programme LAND PLATFORMS Brazil's Gripen E/Fs to be operational from the get-go MILITARY CAPABILITIES Xponential 2017: Interagency communication, policy co-ordination needed for C-UAS COUNTRY RISK Xponential 2017: QinetiQ NA to target Titan UGV at SMET LAND PLATFORMS Xponential 2017: Tison to compete in UK MoD's Project Starter CBRNE & EOD DEFENCE AMERICAS Xponential 2017: QinetiQ North America's Dragon Runner Mini to compete in LR2 programme LAND PLATFORMS Brazil's Gripen E/Fs to be operational from the get-go MILITARY CAPABILITIES Xponential 2017: Interagency communication, policy co-ordination needed for C-UAS COUNTRY RISK Xponential 2017: QinetiQ NA to target Titan UGV at SMET LAND PLATFORMS Xponential 2017: Tison to compete in UK MoD's Project Starter CBRNE & EOD DEFENCE C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS Havelsan enters cyber security domain C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT IDEF 2017: New Turkish F-16 jammer in development C4ISR: AIR Italian Navy receives last of four Type 212A boats C4ISR: MARITIME US Army recertifies updated AN/ARC-201 airborne radios C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Xponential 2017: Existing C-UAS solutions incapable of dealing with swarming C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS Havelsan enters cyber security domain C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT IDEF 2017: New Turkish F-16 jammer in development C4ISR: AIR Italian Navy receives last of four Type 212A boats C4ISR: MARITIME US Army recertifies updated AN/ARC-201 airborne radios C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Xponential 2017: Existing C-UAS solutions incapable of dealing with swarming C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Airbus' high-flying Zephyrs to head to UK for testing IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Brazil's Gripen E/Fs to be operational from the get-go IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IDEF 2017: Leonardo in talks with Turkish industry over possible helicopter collaboration IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Indian Navy decommissions two Pondicherry-class minesweepers IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Xponential 2017: Interagency communication, policy co-ordination needed for C-UAS IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Airbus' high-flying Zephyrs to head to UK for testing AIR PLATFORMS Brazil's Gripen E/Fs to be operational from the get-go MILITARY CAPABILITIES IDEF 2017: Leonardo in talks with Turkish industry over possible helicopter collaboration INDUSTRY Indian Navy decommissions two Pondicherry-class minesweepers INDUSTRY Xponential 2017: Interagency communication, policy co-ordination needed for C-UAS COUNTRY RISK FEATURED REPORT Aiming high: Turkey's aerospace ambitions make progress Turkey is accelerating efforts to build up its aerospace industry as it strives to become a global player with 'technological superiority'. Although a latecomer to the space challenge, Turkey is also taking rapid steps to close the gaps in this field. Kerry Herschelman and Lale Sariibrahimoglu report Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Jane's Airport 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrieve your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
About US Contact US Registration Thursday May 11th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Boeing, Primera Air Announce Order for Up to 20 737 MAX 9s By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  May 11, 2017  /  Comments Off on Boeing, Primera Air Announce Order for Up to 20 737 MAX 9s       Print       Email MIL OSI Economics – Source: Boeing Headline: Boeing, Primera Air Announce Order for Up to 20 737 MAX 9s SEATTLE, May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Boeing [NYSE: BA] and Primera Air today announced an order for eight 737 MAX 9 airplanes, valued at more than $950 million at list prices. The agreement also includes purchase rights for four additional 737 MAX 9s and a lease agreement for eight more airplanes from Air Lease Corporation. The 737 MAX 9 will form the backbone of the low-cost airline’s future as it seeks to commence flights between Europe and North America. Primera Air plans to use the MAX 9’s auxiliary fuel tanks to lower trip costs and maximize the range to accommodate flights connecting Europe to the east coast of the U.S. “The 737 MAX 9 will allow Primera Air to open up nonstop, long-haul routes from Europe to the U.S. with unmatched economics,” said Andri M. Ingolfsson, President, Primera Air. “This aircraft has a lower per-seat cost than the current wide body aircraft servicing the transatlantic and the capabilities of this aircraft type will change the economics of the industry. This will open up fantastic possibilities for growth for Primera Air in the future.” “Primera Air’s commitment is a major endorsement of the 737 MAX 9 and its ability to serve new transatlantic markets,” said Monty Oliver, vice president, European Sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “The MAX 9 will provide Primera Air unmatched efficiency, range, reliability and operating costs, while continuing to provide a premium on-board experience for its passengers.” Primera Air is an all-Boeing carrier currently operating a fleet of nine Next-Generation 737-700s and 737-800s with flights to more than 70 airports in Europe. Primera Air is part of the Primera Travel Group that operates travel agencies and tour operating companies in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Iceland and Estonia. The 737 MAX family has been designed to offer customers exceptional performance, flexibility and efficiency, with lower per-seat costs and an extended range that will open up new destinations in the single-aisle market. The MAX 8 and 9 will be followed in 2019 by the smaller MAX 7 and higher capacity MAX 200, while studies and customer discussions continue on further growing the family. The 737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history, accumulating more than 3,700 orders from 87 customers worldwide. Contact: Keelan Morris Boeing Commercial Airplanes Communications + 44(0)208 235 5664 keelan.j.morris@boeing.com SOURCE Boeing     Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on May 11, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: May 11, 2017 @ 10:14 pm Filed Under: Airline Industry, Boeing, Business, Economics, English, Global Economy, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Open Source Intel NEXT ARTICLE → DDOS attacks in Q1 2017 About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Boeing, Primera Air Announce Order for Up to 20 737 MAX 9s DDOS attacks in Q1 2017 WHO calls for immediate action to save lives in Somalia International Relations and Cooperation embarks on series of activities marking Africa Month SA, Tanzania elevate bilateral relations © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Primera Air to take up to 20 Boeing 737 MAX 9s Primera Air to take up to 20 Boeing 737 MAX 9s May 11, 2017 Victoria Moores EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Rendering of 737 MAX 9 in Primera Air livery Boeing Related Media Gallery: Boeing 737 MAX 9 takes flight Advertisement Scandinavian leisure carrier Primera Air has placed an order for eight Boeing 737 MAX 9s, has taken purchase rights on four more, and will lease another eight from US lessor Air Lease Corp. Announcing the agreement May 11, Boeing valued the firm order at over $950 million at list prices. Primera Air is part of Primera Travel Group, which has travel agencies and tour operating companies in Denmark, Estonia, Finland, Iceland, Norway and Sweden. The airline currently operates nine 737-700s and -800s to more than 70 European airports. It will use the 737 MAX 9s, equipped with auxiliary fuel tanks, to launch flights between Europe and the US east coast. “The 737 MAX 9 will allow Primera Air to open up nonstop, long-haul routes from Europe to the US with unmatched economics. This aircraft has a lower per-seat cost than the current widebody aircraft servicing the transatlantic, and the capabilities of this aircraft type will change the economics of the industry. This will open up fantastic possibilities for growth,” Primera Air president Andri Ingolfsson said. Boeing said the MAX 9 will form the backbone of Primera Air’s fleet, joining more than 3,700 MAX orders from 87 customers that it has accumulated to date. “The MAX 8 and 9 will be followed in 2019 by the smaller MAX 7 and higher capacity MAX 200, while studies and customer discussions continue on further growing the family,” Boeing said. On May 10, Boeing suspended 737 MAX flights after being informed by CFM International of a potential issue with the aircraft’s LEAP-1B engine, although Boeing says MAX 8 deliveries will begin this month as planned. Victoria Moores victoria.moores@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles WestJet orders up to 20 Boeing 787-9s Norwegian to take eight more Boeing 737 MAXs, two 787s 1   Iran Aseman Airlines agrees to buy up to 60 Boeing 737 MAXs   El Al Israel Airlines to lease two Boeing 787-9s from ALC   Alaska Airlines orders 50 Boeing 737 & MAX aircraft   Blogs & Commentary May 10, 2017 blog The face of an airline It is almost impossible to imagine Etihad Airways without James Hogan, but come July that will be a reality. How do airline brands move on when their face changes?...More May 5, 2017 blog Doug Parker: ‘Our stock is so undervalued it defies logic’ What will it take for Wall Street to buy into the notion that US airlines are safe—and even forward-thinking—investments?...More May 2, 2017 blog US lawmakers are angry, but want airlines to self-regulate Today’s congressional hearing on US airline customer service was certainly a venting exercise for lawmakers. The question is, will this new wave of airline bashing stop at angry words or be followed by regulation?...More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location May 3, 2017 Article Boom CEO sees market for 1,000 supersonic passenger jets by 2035 Denver-based Boom Technology founder and CEO Blake Scholl believes the company’s first supersonic passenger aircraft can enter commercial service as soon as 2023 and there is a market for as many as 1,000 supersonic airliners to be delivered by 2035....More May 2, 2017 Article A4A airlines will no longer remove boarded passengers from aircraft All Airlines for America (A4A) member airlines are now committed to not removing a boarded passenger from an aircraft in a bumping situation and all are committed to ensuring crew being transported are booked in advance, A4A president and CEO Nicholas Calio said....More May 2, 2017 Article Confident businesses, consumers drive strong air travel demand Global air travel demand is more robust than expected so far in 2017 because of growing business and consumer confidence, according to IATA chief economist Brian Pearce....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Home» Feeds» Thomson Reuters» Canada Business Safran begins Boeing engine checks, shares fall Add to ... By Tim Hepher and Cyril Altmeyer VILLAROCHE — Reuters Published Thursday, May 11, 2017 5:51AM EDT Last updated Thursday, May 11, 2017 12:22PM EDT Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print France's Safran <SAF.PA> said inspections of new-generation LEAP engines supplied to Boeing <BA.N> for the latest version of its 737 aircraft are expected to be completed within a few weeks and ruled out a design fault as the cause of problems that halted test flights. The French engine maker is scrambling to transport dozens of engine turbines back from the United States, only days before Boeing had been due to start deliveries of the new 737 MAX. Boeing said on Wednesday that it was suspending 737 MAX test flights while CFM International, an engine venture co-owned by Safran and General Electric <GE.N>, conducted checks after a quality problem was found in a turbine disc. The problem is not related to the part's design and does not suggest deeper problems in the industry's tightly stretched supply chain, Safran Aircraft Engines' Chief Executive Olivier Andries told reporters. "There will be a temporary disruption to the logistics, which we hope to fix within a few weeks," said Andries at a French factory where production is being ramped up to meet demand for the LEAP engine. A similar factory is based in Ohio. The LEAP-1B engine is produced for Boeing. A LEAP-1A model made for Airbus A320neo jets is not affected, Andries said. CFM's shareholders said last month that between 450 and 500 LEAP engines are expected to be delivered this year rather than the previously stated 500. Andries said production of engines would not be affected because a second supplier for the same part was boosting its supplies. CFM aims to deliver "as close as possible to 500" in total for Boeing, Airbus and China's COMAC, he said. Still, Safran's share price was dented by the renewed focus on ambitious production schedules that had previously suffered barely a glitch. EXECUTION RISK "Late-stage discoveries occur on many new aircraft and engine programs, and the cost impact historically has tended to be low to immaterial in our experience," said Harry Breach, analyst at wealth management firm Raymond James. "Nonetheless, this incident highlights execution risk on the key LEAP program." Shares in Safran, which is aiming to complete a merger with parts maker Zodiac Aerospace <ZODC.PA>, fell 2.2 percent to 75.82 euros by the close, among the worst performers on a CAC-40 index <.FCHI> down 0.3 percent. The head of Malaysia Airlines, which has ordered 25 Boeing 737 MAX jets, said he was not worried about the engine snag. The first 737 MAX was due to be delivered next week to smaller Indonesian-owned Malaysian carrier Malindo Air. "I don’t see it affecting at all the introduction of the aircraft," Malaysia Airlines chief Peter Bellew told Reuters on the sidelines of a CAPA airline conference in Dublin. Despite the setback on the eve of Boeing's first delivery, Safran said it had overtaken rival Pratt & Whitney as the engine supplier for most Airbus A320neo-family jets now in service and outlined new production techniques designed to speed output. Pratt & Whitney <UTX.N> has had a spate of problems with its new Geared Turbofan engine but says fixes are on the way. (Additional reporting by Sudip Kar-Gupta and Conor Humphries; Editing by Elaine Hardcastle and David Goodman) This content appears as provided to The Globe by the originating wire service. It has not been edited by Globe staff.   BA-NBoeing Co Latest Price$183.94 0.00 (0.00%) GE-NGeneral Electric Co Latest Price$28.87 0.00 (0.00%) Updated May 11 4:00 PM EDT. Delayed by at least 15 minutes. Topics Malaysia Airbus SA United States of America The Boeing Company Malaysia Airlines CFM International Inc. China France Pratt & Whitney Paris Ohio Comments Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Print Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} Trending {{title}} Most popular videos » News Opinion: Why millennials shouldn't buy a house now — or maybe ever News College students turn their backs on DeVos at graduation News Man believed to be 147 years old laid to rest in Indonesia Report on Business Yield Hog: Restaurant royalty stocks can give you some juicy yields Globe Drive Move over Ferrari, McLaren is here to take your supercar crown Report on Business Money Monitor: Tax-efficient planning tips for retirement Sports College pitcher excels despite having one hand News Tillerson's delicate dance at Arctic climate talks News Voters bring health care heat to Congressmen Report on Business Gen Y Money: Should a GIC be on my radar? News Justin Trudeau tours flood zone in Gatineau, Quebec News Acting FBI chief faces congressional panel amid Comey fallout ◀ ● ● ● ▶ More from The Globe and Mail Report on Business Streetwise newsletter: Hydro One stock sale hits a wall; Real Matters stock flat in long-awaited IPO Arts John Doyle: How Trump’s TV obsession explains it all Most popular May 12: Your daily horoscope Metrolinx strikes light-rail deal with Alstom, bypassing Bombardier Aimia shares plunge as Air Canada plans to launch own loyalty program Prepare for all-out war among loyalty programs for your business Globe editorial: With FBI firing, Donald Trump has crossed a line X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters The New York Times Get digital access or the printed edition delivered to your door. Subscribe to The New York Times Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 32-57 We set you thinking Friday 12 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business China does not pursue trade surplus with U.S.: vice commerce minister 1494571856 Business China official discourages linking U.S. trade moves to North Korea issue 1494571877 Business U.S., China reach deals on access for beef, financial services 1494571877 Business South Korea orders Hyundai, Kia to recall vehicles after whistleblower report 1494572060 World France's Macron open to talks with willing conservatives 1494571296 Business Asian shares retreat, but on track for winning week 1494570794 World ‘The best words’: Trump may be a poet without knowing it 1494571312 Singapore Southeast Asia ride-hailing service Grab says open to more acquisitions 1494565380 Singapore NUS-NTU hack: What is an 'advanced persistent threat' cyber attack? 1494568800 World In Senegal, Iran and Saudi Arabia vie for religious influence 1494569730 Singapore NUS-NTU hack: Other recent cyber breaches in Singapore 1494568800 World Nepal to vote in local polls for first time in two decades 1494568669 Singapore NUS, NTU hit by sophisticated cyber-attacks 1494568800 Business US candymakers band together to reduce calories 1494543540 World Turkey detains dozens of former bourse staff over Gulen links: media 1494568184 World Fears of U.S. drift on rights under Trump as Cambodia suffers crackdown 1494567567 Business Nordstrom's comparable sales miss deepens department-store gloom 1494538936 World Venezuela official says poo bombs are ‘chemical weapons’ 1494567132 Business Japan government names and shames 'black' companies violating labor laws 1494565304 World Carbon dating confirms ‘Penang Woman’ is 5,710 years old 1494565915 Business U.S. judge calls for criminal probe into trade secrets theft raised in Uber case 1494565596 World French-led force postpones Pacific beach attack drills after landing craft mishap 1494562321 World Cash and chemicals: for Laos, Chinese banana boom a blessing and curse 1494562207 World Thailand's new king watches as sacred oxen predict good harvest 1494560860 World Transgender officer welcomed back to Argentine police force 1494564711 World Najib slams former Umno leaders for betraying party 1494532920 World 21 arrested after birthday brawl in Bangsar 1494562560 World Philippine police make more child cybersex arrests, rescues 1494561660 World Taiwan child killer escapes death penalty 1494560160 Singapore Dozens of Sungei Road market vendors accept government help 1494561600 World Malaysia’s Education Ministry to look into student who filmed English class on smartwatch 1494560760 Business Mexico says called Trump's bluff when he eyed NAFTA exit 1494560943 Tech US intel chiefs express doubts about Kaspersky security software because of Russian roots 1494561411 Business Exclusive: IEA to review oil demand outlook after China, India signal auto policy shifts 1494560164 World 60kg turtle rescued after being trapped in Port Dickson power station 1494559912 World Commentator who amplified Macron hacks given White House press access 1494559511 Singapore Metro founder’s grandson acquitted of 2 drug trafficking charges, but pleads guilty to 2 drug possession charges 1494557700 World Australia considering NATO request to send more troops to Afghanistan 1494558384 World Deaf Japanese tourist claims mistreatment at Hawaii airport 1494556609 Lifestyle Happy hour deals in Singapore you won’t want to miss 1494554760 Business Kushner Cos says to skip China marketing push this weekend 1494555629 World In a private dinner, Trump demanded loyalty; Comey promised only honesty 1494551760 Voices SGH medical team made hospital stay a pleasant experience 1494553909 Business General Electric wins Mexico deal for two gigawatt power projects 1494550815 World Odebrecht witness says Argentine spy chief received bribes: source 1494550484 World Trump calls Comey a ‘showboat,’ denies colluding with Russia 1494550610 World Gunmen kill activist who searched for Mexico's disappeared: authorities 1494548599 World Venezuela opposition seeks Latin American support for 'democratic agenda' 1494546603 Business Wells Fargo eyes return to mortgage deals shunned since crisis 1494546962 Singapore Costs, tight timeline among farmers' concerns over tender 1494519360 Business Safran begins Boeing engine checks, shares fall A worker on a Safran production line assembles a LEAP-1A aircraft enigne co-developed with General Electric for Airbus in Villaroche. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 5:55 PM, May 11, 2017 Updated: 2:10 AM, May 12, 2017 VILLAROCHE, France - France's Safran <SAF.PA> said inspections of new-generation LEAP engines supplied to Boeing <BA.N> for the latest version of its 737 aircraft are expected to be completed within a few weeks and ruled out a design fault as the cause of problems that halted test flights. The French engine maker is scrambling to transport dozens of engine turbines back from the United States, only days before Boeing had been due to start deliveries of the new 737 MAX. Boeing said on Wednesday that it was suspending 737 MAX test flights while CFM International, an engine venture co-owned by Safran and General Electric <GE.N>, conducted checks after a quality problem was found in a turbine disc. The problem is not related to the part's design and does not suggest deeper problems in the industry's tightly stretched supply chain, Safran Aircraft Engines' Chief Executive Olivier Andries told reporters. "There will be a temporary disruption to the logistics, which we hope to fix within a few weeks," said Andries at a French factory where production is being ramped up to meet demand for the LEAP engine. A similar factory is based in Ohio. The LEAP-1B engine is produced for Boeing. A LEAP-1A model made for Airbus A320neo jets is not affected, Andries said. CFM's shareholders said last month that between 450 and 500 LEAP engines are expected to be delivered this year rather than the previously stated 500. Andries said production of engines would not be affected because a second supplier for the same part was boosting its supplies. CFM aims to deliver "as close as possible to 500" in total for Boeing, Airbus and China's COMAC, he said. Still, Safran's share price was dented by the renewed focus on ambitious production schedules that had previously suffered barely a glitch. EXECUTION RISK "Late-stage discoveries occur on many new aircraft and engine programs, and the cost impact historically has tended to be low to immaterial in our experience," said Harry Breach, analyst at wealth management firm Raymond James. "Nonetheless, this incident highlights execution risk on the key LEAP program." Shares in Safran, which is aiming to complete a merger with parts maker Zodiac Aerospace <ZODC.PA>, fell 2.2 percent to 75.82 euros by the close, among the worst performers on a CAC-40 index <.FCHI> down 0.3 percent. The head of Malaysia Airlines, which has ordered 25 Boeing 737 MAX jets, said he was not worried about the engine snag. The first 737 MAX was due to be delivered next week to smaller Indonesian-owned Malaysian carrier Malindo Air. "I don’t see it affecting at all the introduction of the aircraft," Malaysia Airlines chief Peter Bellew told Reuters on the sidelines of a CAPA airline conference in Dublin. Despite the setback on the eve of Boeing's first delivery, Safran said it had overtaken rival Pratt & Whitney as the engine supplier for most Airbus A320neo-family jets now in service and outlined new production techniques designed to speed output. Pratt & Whitney <UTX.N> has had a spate of problems with its new Geared Turbofan engine but says fixes are on the way. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble “Tech with Heart” scheme to empower start-ups with social innovation focus With Obamacare vote, House Republicans free to turn to tax reform With maiden jet flight, China enters dog-fight with Boeing, Airbus With eye on millennials, Coach buys Kate Spade Whole Foods names new CFO, directors Whole Foods in board shake-up amid investor pressure: source Whole Foods board overhaul fails to satisfy activist Jana: source Wells Fargo says agrees with Buffett and is fixing its problems Wells Fargo eyes return to mortgage deals shunned since crisis Wells Fargo doubles cost-cut goal but offers soft revenue outlook Inside Today World ‘The best words’: Trump may be a poet without knowing it France's Macron open to talks with willing conservatives In Senegal, Iran and Saudi Arabia vie for religious influence Nepal to vote in local polls for first time in two decades Turkey detains dozens of former bourse staff over Gulen links: media Business South Korea orders Hyundai, Kia to recall vehicles after whistleblower report U.S., China reach deals on access for beef, financial services China official discourages linking U.S. trade moves to North Korea issue Asian shares retreat, but on track for winning week U.S. judge calls for criminal probe into trade secrets theft raised in Uber case Sports Malaysian FA asks govt to make call onN Korea trip Tougher tests await Blues, Conte — but will he stay? Global law firm Linklaters is Open Swim Stars Sunset Race's new presenting sponsor SportSg launches plan to improve coaching standards, careers J-League’s Gamba punished for banner resembling Nazi symbol Entertainment Scalpers try their luck hawking Ed Sheeran concert tickets online Scalpers try their luck hawking Ed Sheeran concert tickets online Ryan Seacrest in advanced talks to return as American Idol host for ABC revival Pitbull cancels Singapore show Tickets to Ed Sheeran Nov 11 concert sell out in 40 minutes About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Eagle Radio www.964eagle.co.uk Toggle navigation Your Eagle Site Search listen Live Home On Air The Peter Gordon Breakfast Show Meet the Team Photo Gallery Workplace Request Local Music Eagle Downloads Listen Again Eagle Radio and DAB News Headlines Local News Your Area Showbiz Strange News Exam Survival Guide Mental Health Awareness Summer Safety Advice Contact News Win £1,000 Minute Mystery Voice Win Free Petrol Family Face Off Early Morning Shower Certificate PG Kebur Community Challenge Win a Wedding with Holiday Inn Guildford Local Community Local Heroes Eagle Learning Radio Rockz What's On Gig Guide Charity of the Year Jobs & Recruitment School Closures Big Ticket with Yvonne Arnaud Vouchers Voucher Shop Wedding Vouchers About Us Contact Us Studio Tours Advertise with Eagle Radio Business Directory Work Experience Careers at Eagle Radio Press Releases More Eagle Radio Eagle Radio Biz - For Local Businesses eagle3 - Discover the Difference Your Eagle Radio New user? Sign up... Search 96.4 FM | DAB | ONLINE In Surrey & Hampshire On Air: 06:00 - 09:00 The Peter Gordon Breakfast Show Schedule Music played Search x Breaking News Eagle Radio News Contact the News Team: 01483 300 964 eagleradio @eagleradio news@964eagle.co.uk Home News World News Article Boeing halts test flights of 737 MAX jetliner 9:24am 11th May 2017 (Updated 3:42pm 11th May 2017) Boeing has suspended test flights of its new 737 MAX jetliners over fears of a potential manufacturing flaw affecting an engine part. The 737 MAX line was to make its commercial debut in a matter of days, but a potential issue affecting the turbine engine discs has led the US company to suspend flights. The aerospace company said the part is manufactured by a third-party supplier. Boeing's spokesperson stated that "out of an abundance of caution, we decided to temporarily suspend MAX flights". "The step is consistent with our priority focus on safety for all who use and fly our products." CFM International, a joint venture between General Electic and French engineers Safran, alerted Boeing to a "potential manufacturing quality escape with low pressure turbine disks in (the) LEAP-1B engines" that it delivered. Boeing stated that the LEAP-1B engines were thoroughly inspected throughout more than 2,000 hours of testing, during which time the company did not experience any problems. CFM International said it will conduct inspections to establish the number of affected engines. Boeing has three models of its 737 MAX line, numbered 7, 8 and 9. The 737 MAX 9 had its maiden flight in April. The aerospace giant has received more than 3,700 orders for these jetliners. Boeing stated it intends to begin deliveries on schedule this month. Share This Story Tweet Suggested articles SpaceX successfully tests Falcon Heavy rocket ahead of space missions SpaceX has successfully completed a test fire of the centre core of its Falcon Heavy rocket, which will be the world's most powerful rocket when put into operation. Marine park says whale and dolphin breeding ban 'will harm animals' A marine park is to fight a new ban on breeding killer whales and dolphins in captivity, claiming the ban will harm its animals. Most read 15 sharks filmed circling paddle-boarders in California Video has captured the moment a group of paddle-boarders were warned to get out of the ocean in California after 15 great white sharks were spotted circling nearby. Four tons of rubbish cleared from Mount Everest More than four tons of rubbish has been cleared from Mount Everest as part of a massive clean-up operation. Newer article Russian blogger guilty of playing Pokemon in church World News: A Russian blogger has been found guilty of inciting religious hatred after uploading a video of himself playing Pokemon Go in a church. Older article Dozens killed at Indian wedding after wall collapses in storm World News: At least 24 people have been killed after a wall collapsed during a wedding party in western India. Top articles Heart attack risk greatest in Aldershot and Farnborough Surrey and Hampshire News: For every 100,000 people living in Rushmoor, 251 will suffer some form of heart condition in their lifetime. Wonky avocados go on sale as global prices rise UK News: Wonky avocados will go on sale at a major supermarket for around a third of the average cost, as global prices and demand for the "luxury item" hit record levels. Downton Abbey star Bonneville to play Roald Dahl Showbiz: Downton Abbey star Hugh Bonneville will play Roald Dahl in a biopic about the best-selling children's author. Woking FC target promotion in three year plan Surrey and Hampshire Sport: Anthony Limbrick faced the press today (May 5) in his first media engagement since becoming manager. Manchester United edge into Europa League final after draw with Celta Vigo Sport: Manchester United edged into the Europa League final after a 1-1 draw with Celta Vigo in their semi-final second leg on Thursday secured a 2-1 aggregate win. REVEALED: ‘Outstanding’ Ofsted rated primary schools in Surrey Heath Surrey Heath: After parents across Surrey and Hampshire found out if their child got a place at their preferred primary schools, we look into which ones have received an ‘Outstanding’ rating from Ofsted. Firms named and shamed on illegal overwork by Japanese government World News: Japan has taken the unprecedented step of naming more than 300 firms that the authorities accuse of violating labour laws, to help prevent death by overwork. Firms named and shamed on illegal overwork by Japanese government Business News: Japan has taken the unprecedented step of naming more than 300 firms that the authorities accuse of violating labour laws, to help prevent death by overwork. 10 things you'll only know if you grew up in Guildford Strange News: If you grew up in Guildford you'll know exactly what we're talking about! REVEALED: ‘Outstanding’ Ofsted rated primary schools in East Hampshire East Hampshire: After parents across Surrey and Hampshire found out if their child got a place at their preferred primary schools, we look into which ones have received an ‘Outstanding’ rating from Ofsted. REVEALED: ‘Outstanding’ Ofsted rated primary schools in Elmbridge Elmbridge: After parents across Surrey and Hampshire found out if their child got a place at their preferred primary schools, we look into which ones have received an ‘Outstanding’ rating from Ofsted. REVEALED: ‘Outstanding’ Ofsted rated primary schools in Guildford Guildford: After parents across Surrey and Hampshire found out if their child got a place at their preferred primary schools, we look into which ones have received an ‘Outstanding’ rating from Ofsted. Guildford Flames make first Elite League signing Surrey and Hampshire Sport: Former Great Britain Jr. and Sr. skater Ben Davies has joined the Flames. REVEALED: ‘Outstanding’ Ofsted rated primary schools in Hart Hart: After parents across Surrey and Hampshire found out if their child got a place at their preferred primary schools, we look into which ones have received an ‘Outstanding’ rating from Ofsted. REVEALED: ‘Outstanding’ Ofsted rated primary schools in Runnymede Runnymede: After parents across Surrey and Hampshire found out if their child got a place at their preferred primary schools, we look into which ones have received an ‘Outstanding’ rating from Ofsted. REVEALED: ‘Outstanding’ Ofsted rated primary schools in Rushmoor Rushmoor: After parents across Surrey and Hampshire found out if their child got a place at their preferred primary schools, we look into which ones have received an ‘Outstanding’ rating from Ofsted. REVEALED: ‘Outstanding’ Ofsted rated primary schools in Waverley Waverley: After parents across Surrey and Hampshire found out if their child got a place at their preferred primary schools, we look into which ones have received an ‘Outstanding’ rating from Ofsted. REVEALED: ‘Outstanding’ Ofsted rated primary schools in Woking Woking: After parents across Surrey and Hampshire found out if their child got a place at their preferred primary schools, we look into which ones have received an ‘Outstanding’ rating from Ofsted. This article © Sky News. Now Playing Waiting for next track... by View all the songs we've played today Get in touch with Eagle Radio Follow @eagleradio Get Our App Your EagleLog In Tweets by @eagleradio  96.4 FM | DAB | ONLINE In Surrey & Hampshire Contact Us Reception: 01483 300 964 Studio: 01483 451 964 Text: 07799 1888 55   Email: onair@964eagle.co.uk Jambuster Line: 0800 06 88 964 The Peter Gordon Breakfast Show Read Eagle Radio's Press Releases Advertise with Eagle Radio Careers at Eagle Radio Work Experience at Eagle Radio Download Our Apps Public File Contact Us Legals       Log in | Become an Eagle VIP © 2017 Eagle Radio. Eagle Radio accepts no responsibility for the content of external websites. Eagle Radio is proud to be part of the UKRD Group. This site uses cookies and by using the site you consent to this. Cookie Policy.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Boeing, Primera Air Announce Order for Up to 20 737 MAX 9s Scandinavian low-cost airline to utilize airplane to open new transatlantic routes News provided by Boeing 11 May, 2017, 05:26 ET Share this article SEATTLE, May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] and Primera Air today announced an order for eight 737 MAX 9 airplanes, valued at more than $950 million at list prices. The agreement also includes purchase rights for four additional 737 MAX 9s and a lease agreement for eight more airplanes from Air Lease Corporation. The 737 MAX 9 will form the backbone of the low-cost airline's future as it seeks to commence flights between Europe and North America. Primera Air plans to use the MAX 9's auxiliary fuel tanks to lower trip costs and maximize the range to accommodate flights connecting Europe to the east coast of the U.S. "The 737 MAX 9 will allow Primera Air to open up nonstop, long-haul routes from Europe to the U.S. with unmatched economics," said Andri M. Ingolfsson, President, Primera Air. "This aircraft has a lower per-seat cost than the current wide body aircraft servicing the transatlantic and the capabilities of this aircraft type will change the economics of the industry. This will open up fantastic possibilities for growth for Primera Air in the future." "Primera Air's commitment is a major endorsement of the 737 MAX 9 and its ability to serve new transatlantic markets," said Monty Oliver, vice president, European Sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "The MAX 9 will provide Primera Air unmatched efficiency, range, reliability and operating costs, while continuing to provide a premium on-board experience for its passengers." Primera Air is an all-Boeing carrier currently operating a fleet of nine Next-Generation 737-700s and 737-800s with flights to more than 70 airports in Europe. Primera Air is part of the Primera Travel Group that operates travel agencies and tour operating companies in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Iceland and Estonia. The 737 MAX family has been designed to offer customers exceptional performance, flexibility and efficiency, with lower per-seat costs and an extended range that will open up new destinations in the single-aisle market. The MAX 8 and 9 will be followed in 2019 by the smaller MAX 7 and higher capacity MAX 200, while studies and customer discussions continue on further growing the family. The 737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history, accumulating more than 3,700 orders from 87 customers worldwide. Contact: Keelan Morris Boeing Commercial Airplanes Communications + 44(0)208 235 5664 keelan.j.morris@boeing.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-primera-air-announce-order-for-up-to-20-737-max-9s-300455929.html SOURCE Boeing Related Links http://www.boeing.com 01 May, 2017, 15:52 ET Preview: Boeing Board Approves Quarterly Dividend My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 26 Apr, 2017, 07:30 ET Boeing Board Approves Quarterly Dividend 26 Apr, 2017, 07:30 ET Boeing Reports First-Quarter Results and Raises EPS Guidance Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Aerospace & Defense Passenger Aviation Travel Industry You just read: Boeing, Primera Air Announce Order for Up to 20 737 MAX 9s News provided by Boeing 11 May, 2017, 05:26 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Bingo Sun Gifts £9.50 Hols Superdays News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Sun Bets Sun Bingo Dream Team Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz News Living Money Motors Travel Tech Sun Bets Sun Bingo All News All News UK News World News Politics Opinion PLANES GROUNDED Boeing forced to suspend all flights of new 737 MAX plane over engine fears The delay is likely to prove costly for Boeing as they can't resume test flights until it is fixed By Holly Christodoulou 11th May 2017, 10:07 am Updated: 11th May 2017, 4:49 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments AEROSPACE giant Boeing has suspended all flights of its new million dollar 737 MAX over engine fears. The firm revealed it has stopped all its test flights on the new plane and won’t lift the suspension until the problem is resolved. Getty Images 2 Boeing have suspended the new 737 over engine fears Boeing and engine makers CMF have no idea how long the delay will last but it comes days after the company was due to deliver the 737 MAX to an airline. The problem doesn’t pose any safety concerns for travellers because no airlines are using the plane yet. But as planemakers get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer, the delay could prove costly. MOST READ IN NEWS CHILLING MESSAGE Cops warn to look for message outside your home that shows criminals if you are out or 'vulnerable' 999 PUB snub Landlord's desperate plea for help on Facebook after trapping burglar in his pub... as cops say it 'wasn't an emergency' 'SEX GANG' PROTEST Mob scream abuse outside court at 'gang' of 29 men and women accused of sex crimes against children TRAIN STUPID Jeremy Vine posts clip of cyclist barging through level crossing barrier – before getting ANNOYED when he is nearly hit by train BRAD'S BIRTHDAY HEARTACHE Bradley Lowery to 'spend his birthday in hospital' as doctors reveal cancer has progressed 'a lot' ACCIDENT WAITING TO HAPPEN Shocking Drayton Manor video shows moment small boy stands up on Splash Canyon ride and is knocked over when it suddenly hits a bump BUSTY-UP Tycoon who paid for love-rat wife’s boob and nose jobs appears in court after row when she taunted him over DJ lover’s ability in bed DROOL OF ROCK Scan shows unborn baby giving heavy metal 'devil horns' sign - but parents say 'he's really an Ed Sheeran fan' DON’T BULLY BRITAIN! US threatens financial trade war with EU over plans to cripple UK by forcing City firms to Europe STORMING RETURN UK sizzles ahead of mini-heatwave next week - but thunderstorms could wash out the weekend Suited and Booted Austin Reed to cut 1,000 jobs as 116-yr-old men’s store shuts up shop on high street SLAM OR SCAM? Dashcam captures moment pedestrian is sent flying after being 'hit' in suspected 'cash for crash' attempt - before she 'runs off when she's told it was all caught on camera' KIM JONG-UN'S THREAT North Korea vows to 'ruthlessly punish' captured US citizens WHAT A MESS UK's messiest bedroom belongs to sisters who leave toys scattered all over the floor - and look who they beat BURGER THEM! Fury at prison lockdown that left lags locked in cells for HOURS with packed lunch while wardens have BBQ PEACE OUT Could World War 3 really happen? How chemical warfare and nuclear weapons could lead to the Apocalypse PUMP ACTION Horrifying moment motorist shoots and kills man who pulled a gun on him at US gas station is captured on CCTV 'DROWNED' WITH PAINT Spurned lover beat mum with iron, poured paint down her throat and torched her home in chilling murder 'WIFE KILL PLOT' THICKENS TV producer who 'hired hitmen to kill his The Bill scriptwriter partner took sleazy photos of her dogs with naked prostitute lover' The 737 MAX is set to replace the older version of Boeing’s best-selling single-aisle aircraft. The 737 MAX 8 -the first version of the plane to be built – seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration. It is expected to come with a price tag of £875,000 – but airlines do receive discounts. AP:Associated Press 2 The problem doesn’t pose a safety risk for travellers Malaysian airline Malindo Air was set to receive the first 737 MAX on Monday to be used for its Kuala Lumpur-Singapore route from May 19. Boeing said in a statement: “CFM notified us of a potential manufacturing quality escape with low pressure turbine disks in LEAP-1B engines delivered to Boeing. “We are working with CFM to inspect the disks in question.” Boeing 787 Dreamliner decked out as world's largest luxury jet We pay for your stories! Do you have a story for The Sun Online news team? Email us at tips@the-sun.co.uk or call 0207 782 4368.   The Sun Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Popular ET PHONES HOME? Scientists receive cosmic radio signal from outer Space - but have no idea what it means Tech Exclusive THE PRICE IS WRONG'UN Snogs with strangers, offensive outbursts, booze binges, grubby lapdances... Katie Price is falling into Jordan's booby trap AGAIN TV & Showbiz CHILLING MESSAGE Cops warn to look for message outside your home that shows criminals if you are out or 'vulnerable' News PERVERT-UAL REALITY Would you wear a virtual reality helmet during SEX? Porn firm says tech can spice up romps Tech 999 PUB snub Landlord's desperate plea for help on Facebook after trapping burglar in his pub... as cops say it 'wasn't an emergency' News Video OH NO, NOT ALISON! MasterChef viewers claim Alison O'Reilly was 'robbed' as the culinary whizz gets the boot in semi-final TV & Showbiz Pictured CHEEKY GIRL Danniella Westbrook flashes her bum as she poses with a Bulldog on a luxury yacht in Spain TV & Showbiz Exclusive makeover secrets unmasked Olly Murs got his buff new body by working out in a Hannibal Lecter-style mask TV & Showbiz FAMILY TIES Jeremy Kyle guest is OLDER than her stepmum, 21, and claims it's like her dad is ‘having sex with his daughter’ Living Exclusive POWER COUPLE Ruth Langsford and Eamonn Holmes land brand new ITV series about relationships TV & Showbiz Perfect timing These hilarious photos were taken at the precise moment disaster strikes from rogue waves to baking mishaps Living DEAR DEIDRE My boyfriend wants to take things slow but I love sex and worry I'll cheat Living 'SEX GANG' PROTEST Mob scream abuse outside court at 'gang' of 29 men and women accused of sex crimes against children News CHILLING CHALLENGE What is the Blue Whale suicide challenge and what is Instagram doing to stop it? Tech S-KY HIGH Kylie Jenner clocks up more than two million likes as she bares bum in thong for raunchy snap TV & Showbiz Just Published DON'T BET ON IT! Betfred punter makes £6,000 wager on Jeremy Corbyn being the next Prime Minister at 12/1 News Exclusive TOM DUMB Mum slams Thomas Cook airlines after being told her 20-month-old son would not be given a meal on 10 hour flight News 'IT IS SIMPLY NOT ACCEPTABLE' Headteacher quits post with astonishing letter blasting parents for not disciplining their kids News Exclusive US RIDE SAFETY Rapids ride in US like one that killed tragic Evha Jannath is 'safe as houses' because of seatbelts News ACID HORROR Violent thieves use 'acid and a hammer during South London robbery injuring two men and a woman' News A LICENCE TO THRILL? As the BBC announce iPlayer changes here's all you need to know about getting a TV licence News STATION STABBING Melbourne station placed on lockdown after man stabbed News Comment Freddy Gray Prince William's dancing, Harry's smooching and talk of 'issues'... monarchy is turning into a reality show News Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Commissioning Terms Help Hub Topic A-Z Sell Your Story ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here.
Latest News Dow 20,919 -23.69 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,116 -13.18 -0.22% S&P 500 2,394 -5.19 -0.22% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,727 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,385.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens flat at 7,388.43 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 394.74 2:53 A.M. ET AstraZeneca plans Imfinzi submission after trial 2:51 A.M. ET German GDP up 0.6% on buoyant trade, beating U.S. 2:15 A.M. ET Noble shares slide to fresh 15-year low 2:14 A.M. ET Petrobras posts biggest profit in 2 years 2:14 A.M. ET Greece eyes bond sale amid optimism over debt deal 1:58 A.M. ET United Internet to acquire Drillisch for $3.04B 1:15 A.M. ET Updated Oil poised to gain more than 3% this week as hopes grow over OPEC resolve 12:57 A.M. ET Petrobras posts largest profit in two years 12:01 A.M. ET Fraud alerts are on the rise. Here’s why. 12:01 A.M. ET Why credit and debit card fraud alerts have spiked 5/11 Judge deals blows against Uber in legal battle with Alphabet 5/11 White House announces trade deal with China to boost U.S. exports 5/11 Asian markets pull back after weak earnings in U.S. 5/11 United evacuates Houston flight after scorpion spotted 5/11 San Francisco sues Uber to obtain information about local drivers Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Boeing, Primera Air Announce Order for Up to 20 737 MAX 9s By Published: May 11, 2017 5:26 a.m. ET Share Scandinavian low-cost airline to utilize airplane to open new transatlantic routes SEATTLE, May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] and Primera Air today announced an order for eight 737 MAX 9 airplanes, valued at more than $950 million at list prices. The agreement also includes purchase rights for four additional 737 MAX 9s and a lease agreement for eight more airplanes from Air Lease Corporation. The 737 MAX 9 will form the backbone of the low-cost airline's future as it seeks to commence flights between Europe and North America. Primera Air plans to use the MAX 9's auxiliary fuel tanks to lower trip costs and maximize the range to accommodate flights connecting Europe to the east coast of the U.S. "The 737 MAX 9 will allow Primera Air to open up nonstop, long-haul routes from Europe to the U.S. with unmatched economics," said Andri M. Ingolfsson, President, Primera Air. "This aircraft has a lower per-seat cost than the current wide body aircraft servicing the transatlantic and the capabilities of this aircraft type will change the economics of the industry. This will open up fantastic possibilities for growth for Primera Air in the future." "Primera Air's commitment is a major endorsement of the 737 MAX 9 and its ability to serve new transatlantic markets," said Monty Oliver, vice president, European Sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "The MAX 9 will provide Primera Air unmatched efficiency, range, reliability and operating costs, while continuing to provide a premium on-board experience for its passengers." Primera Air is an all-Boeing carrier currently operating a fleet of nine Next-Generation 737-700s and 737-800s with flights to more than 70 airports in Europe. Primera Air is part of the Primera Travel Group that operates travel agencies and tour operating companies in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Iceland and Estonia. The 737 MAX family has been designed to offer customers exceptional performance, flexibility and efficiency, with lower per-seat costs and an extended range that will open up new destinations in the single-aisle market. The MAX 8 and 9 will be followed in 2019 by the smaller MAX 7 and higher capacity MAX 200, while studies and customer discussions continue on further growing the family. The 737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history, accumulating more than 3,700 orders from 87 customers worldwide. Contact: Keelan Morris Boeing Commercial Airplanes Communications + 44(0)208 235 5664 keelan.j.morris@boeing.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-primera-air-announce-order-for-up-to-20-737-max-9s-300455929.html SOURCE Boeing Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records Watch as helicopter warns surfers they’re next to ‘approximately 15 great white sharks’ Morgan Stanley says risk of a recession has decreased to 1-in-4 odds 'Forest Bathers' Seek Therapeutic Effects of Trees MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Safran executive says Boeing LEAP engine problem not design issue By Reuters Published: 05:46 EDT, 11 May 2017 | Updated: 05:47 EDT, 11 May 2017 e-mail VILLAROCHE, France, May 11 (Reuters) - The head of Safran's aircraft engines division said on Thursday that an engine problem with a Boeing plane was not a design issue, and that an Airbus plane using a different version of that engine was not affected. Boeing said on Wednesday it had halted test flights of its new 737 MAX aircraft due to an issue with the engine, made by Safran-GE joint-venture CFM International. Boeing uses a version of the engine called LEAP-1B. Speaking at a factory outside Paris where it co-produces the engines with General Electric, Safran Aircraft Engines Chief Executive Olivier Andries said his company hoped to fix the glitch "within a few weeks." "It is not a design problem but a problem regarding the quality of the production," said Andries. "The LEAP-1A engine is not affected," he added. CFM's shareholders said last month they expected to deliver 450 to 500 LEAP engines this year instead of 500 stated earlier, although Andries said CFM still aimed to deliver as near as possible to 500 of those engines this year. Boeing's test flight suspension comes days before it was due to deliver its first 737 MAX to Malaysia's Malindo Air. Airbus, which offers a larger version called LEAP-1A on its new A320neo aircraft family, said on Wednesday it continued to conduct normal test flights and was unaffected. However, it continues to experience delays in deliveries of the other choice of engine for that type of aircraft, the Geared Turbofan made by Pratt &amp; Whitney. (Reporting by Tim Hepher and Cyril Altmeyer; Writing by Sudip Kar-Gupta; Editing by Andrew Callus) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flashes her famous curves in figure-hugging black midi dress to take daughter North on ice cream outing for KUWTK scenes Miley Cyrus proudly wears her engagement ring while playing the wholesome surfer girl in new video tribute to hunky fiance Liam Hemsworth  'I actually got confused! Shocked fans go into meltdown after Billie Piper shares a rare picture of her almost identical younger sister Elle Rehab? No thanks! Scott Disick parties with gaggle of blondes amid fears he's 'drinking too much' in wake of Kourtney's new toyboy romance Kourtney Kardashian goes NUDE in pool for photoshoot... while 'jealous' Kylie Jenner and sisters watch on Not an inch of fabric to cover up Worried about beach style this summer? Take inspiration from the A-list and pick the look that works for your personality AND body SPONSORED SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt STABS Gary Windass... while evil boyfriend Nathan prepares to set another vile friend upon her Beanie buddies! Justin Timberlake carries Silas wearing matching skull caps and meets up with Jessica Biel Duo were seen arguing in public last week Strawberry please! North West, three, enjoys ice cream cone on day out with mom Kim Kardashian in LA She turns four next month Peep show! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she wears sheer dress with no bra to Dior show in Los Angeles Beach ballerina! Katy Perry twirls around the sea in blush pink dress on girlie vacation in Mexico  Showcased her stunning physique Solo shopper! Jennifer Aniston enjoys some retail therapy in LA after shooting down any hope of a Friends reunion Spotted loading some new goods into her car  'He wants to kill me... I want to kill him' Aaron Chalmers is involved in heated shoving match with rival Greg Jenkins as they weigh in ahead of MMA debut  'I'm very proud of you': Billie Faiers shows her support for pregnant Ferne McCann... as she prepares to welcome best friend into 'the mummy club' All you need to taste the sunshine is a fork! We show you how to EAT your way around the Mediterranean this summer SPONSORED Pippa Middleton 'asks guests to bring TWO outfits to her wedding' - but are the bride-to-be's growing list of demands becoming a 'tad ridiculous'? I'm a Barbie girl! Blonde Kylie Jenner transforms into a 'plastic and fantastic' living doll for eye-popping new shoot Bright young thing Danniella Westbrook sips a cocktail on a luxurious yacht as she soaks up sun in Spain... after EastEnders SLAM claims she will return to the soap Victoria Beckham looks effortlessly chic as she steps out in New York... after missing out on premiere for husband David's big acting debut in King Arthur Baby-faced raver! Hollyoaks' Tom Cunningham parties in Ibiza as childstar films new scenes for spin off of the Channel 4 soap  Good times Snooze to schmooze! Bella Hadid cuts a tired figure as she touches down in London in bright pink pyjamas before hitting the town in sexy ab-flashing ensemble Booty-ful inside and out! Busty Amber Rose reveals famous derriere in low-cut spandex bodysuit on Instagram Continued to flaunt her body  'I'm single at the moment': One Direction's Niall Horan, 23, says he's in 'no rush' to get into a relationship due to his 'flat out' work schedule Gemma Oaten goes public with new boyfriend Scott Walker at Interlude In Prague premiere in London... following heartbreak over Nick Knowles fling 'They're a bunch of w***ers!' Tommy Mallett and Georgia Kousoulou shock Holly Willoughby by fiercely slamming their TOWIE co-stars on Celebrity Juice Cally-Jane Beech slams 'today's labour procedures' after tough 32-hour birth to welcome daughter Vienna by emergency C-section Revving up! Blac Chyna shares snaps of the $273k red Ferrari she received as a birthay gift... but doesn't reveal who it's from Bright red sportscar Braless Joanna Krupa suffers epic wardrobe malfunction as flashbulbs expose her ample assets and underwear under metallic knitted dress  Tess Daly puts on a leggy display in a zip-up cocktail dress slashed to the thigh as she cosies up to husband Vernon Kay during night out Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley showcases her blossoming baby bump in a figure-hugging black maxi dress as she steps out in Santa Monica Lottie Moss looks sartorially savvy as she flashes her lean legs in tiny shorts and suede jacket for dating app launch In London on Thursday Checkmate! Charli XCX flaunts her washboard abs in quirky batwing crop top and coordinating flares as she enjoys launch party in London Bruce Forsyth's wife Wilnelia, 59, looks timeless in midnight blue ensemble as she makes solo appearance after Strictly legend, 89, was hospitalised 'He's a mini version of ME': Liam Payne claims baby son Bear looks like him during meet or greet with fans... as he shares title and release date of his debut solo single It's Jude 2:0! Law's lookalike son Rafferty cuts a handsome figure as he poses for edgy new Timberland campaign Spitting image Newly-single Vanessa White cosies up to Saturdays bandmate Frankie Bridge's ex Dougie Poynter as they catch up at star-studded hotel launch Dakota Johnson pairs blue-patterned jumpsuit with $190 Gucci plastic slides in Hollywood Has called Gucci designer Alessandro Michele 'a good friend' Focusing on family! Kourtney Kardashian spends time with kids at ice cream museum as 'friends fear ex Scott Disick is spiraling out of control' 'When Virgin don't put your bags on the plane!' Lewis Hamilton looks despondent as he waits for missing luggage 'for over an hour' following flight from Los Angeles Revenge wedding! Emily VanCamp takes to Instagram to announce engagement to Josh Bowman The Canadian actress has her engagement ring 'His loss is tough': Halle Berry posts touching tribute to 'beloved' cat Playdough Posted a tribute to her 'beloved' late cat Playdough 'Did we genuinely miss this?': Eurovision fans left fuming when BBC coverage omits Macedonia contestant's romantic proposal Flocked to Twitter 'Couldn't find one perk in this book': 'Jealous' Harry Styles fans target 1D star's rumoured girlfriend Tess Ward as she receives a string of scathing book reviews Casting her spell! Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, looks enchanting in black pantsuit at the Wizard Of Lies premiere in NYC Knows how to enchant Proving her X Factor! Chloe Paige puts on a leggy display in a plunging gold gown slashed to the thigh as she enjoys night out in London Make-up free Amber Dowding dons skin-tight pink tracksuit as she heads to gym... after TOWIE's Chris Clark dumped Little Mix's Jesy Nelson for her Bring your mum to work day! Jennifer Lopez beams as mother Guadalupe visits her on Shades Of Blue NYC set Gave her a warm hug on the show's set  Giving himself a shake! Nick Jonas slurps protein drink after getting pumped at gym in Los Angeles Showing off his bulging biceps Rosie O'Donnell 'sparks custody battle between her Broadway actress lover and husband' With husband David 'Scott' Schiff  Catherine Tyldesley exudes elegance in a chic Bardot dress as she parties with Corrie co-star Katie McGlynn at perfume bash Looking good Samantha Barks flashes underboob in revealing cut-out LBD as she leads the glamour at premiere of her new film Interlude In Prague A £450,000 collection of designer dresses and £110,000 worth of handbags: Inside Tamara's £1m wardrobe (and what it says about what's inside her head!) Looking Super! Diane Lane joins Faye Dunaway at Paris Can Wait premiere in West Hollywood  It will no doubt be an action extravaganza Adrenaline junkie Tom Cruise can't stop smiling as he races down a Paris street in daring motorbike chase scene for Mission: Impossible 6 Watch this space! Director Ridley Scott brings the Alien saga bursting back to life with hints of his 1979 sci-fi masterpiece  All his hallmarks Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbers had made a previous heist attempt... but were scared off by her husband Kanye West Terrifying ordeal Hugs and kisses! Khloe Kardashian spreads the love with XO sweatshirt as she jets into LA Dressed in head-to-toe camouflage The morning after the knight before! Brooklyn Beckham cuts a trendy figure alongside pal Rocco's girlfriend Kim Turnbull in London... after King Arthur bash 'She had a severe panic attack and collapsed': Stephanie Davis REMAINS in hospital with mystery 'stress-related illness' amid break up   Elisabeth Moss gets VERY steamy with co-star Max Minghella as goes completely NAKED for sex scene in new show The Handmaid's Tale Kylie Jenner goes sporty in crop top as she visits babies with cleft palates during philanthropic Peru trip... after donating $1m for their surgery How I got my Baywatch body back at 49: Donna D'Errico shares more pictures from her extensive plastic surgery transformation  Nicki Minaj and Joe Jonas get close in DNCE's Kissing Strangers music video Rap diva sported a brown-patched bikini top and floral pants  'I was a go-go dancer!': Goldie Hawn reveals she danced on tables for money and took nude photo for Kurt Russell during sexy game with Amy Schumer 'Sincerest regrets': Chanel issues apology after Gabourey Sidibe reveals she was racially profiled at their Chicago boutique  Said sorry Run every town! Jay Z signs massive decade-long $200 million touring contract It seems as though he isn't slowing down anytime soon 'I was asked to do it, and the answer is no': Simon Cowell shuts down any talk of returning for American Idol reboot It's not happening Pregnant Ferne McCann shows off a hint of a bump in chic striped dress as she emerges with a smile on her face... after breaking down in tears live on air Elba's the boss on both sides of the camera: Actor to debut as a director in morality tale movie about a North London drug dealer Starting Monday This Is Us star Chrissy Metz rocks chic LBD as she returns to the red carpet after thanking fans for support following body shaming Unfazed by criticism Sue Perkins and Mel Giedroyc ' frontrunners to host BBC revival of The Generation Game'... months after quitting The Great British Bake Off MasterChef final is tinged with sadness after grandmother who taught contestant to cook sadly dies since it was filmed Last episode   'It affected every part of my life': Jamie O'Hara battled depression after his mother died when he was 17... and sought help because of his sons 'I was sick of taking them': Danniella Westbrook worries fans by admitting she has stopped medication for schizophrenia and clinical depression 'I'm gonna bump you!' Tongue-tied Chris Pratt goes red in the face while playing laugh-out-loud guessing game with Ellen Fits of laughter  Kate Moss and a male pal wear MATCHING khaki jackets in London... after she was left 'pining' for beau Nikolai von Bismark during rehab stint  Gigi Hadid goes casual cool in quirky Tommy Hilfiger jacket on coffee run in New York... and raises eyebrows with new bling on THAT finger 'I feel most confident in the gym': Demi Lovato reveals training MMA is 'definitely therapeutic' as she launches fitness line New range Alexa Chung goes casual chic in oversized sweater and leggings as she enjoys a stroll around New York Showed off her more relaxed style EXCLUSIVE: Attorney lashes out at father of Bella and Gigi Hadid as judge orders him to stand trial and face possible JAIL for illegally built mansion Nephew accused of abusing Katherine Jackson claims she should pay his legal fees as she 'spends thousands every month supporting her children' 'I'm not digging smoking right now': Miley Cyrus QUIT weed because she's 'too busy' to be 'munching at home playing video games' Lana Del Rey swaps glittering gold mini dress for saucy semi-sheer slip in stunning new photo shoot... amid romance rumours with rapper G-Eazy Boxing tale is a thumping tour de force: Jawbone packs an almighty punch, writes BRIAN VINER Stunningly acted, superbly written EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The BBC's King Charles III inevitably contained plenty of howlers  For example, Prince Charles prefers a belt! 'A budget has been set': Highly-anticipated Downton Abbey film is FINALLY 'set to begin shooting this autumn'... two years after its TV finale Lily and the Downton gang head to Guernsey: Actress speaks about her new role playing a war correspondent  Liked the idea of being an independent woman Harry's heading off in all sorts of directions: Eponymous solo debut from the 1D star is an engaging effort, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  New album Picking up the wedding shoes? Spencer Matthews shops with mother Jane ahead of brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton...as flame Vogue is 'banned' Back to her roots! TOWIE'S Megan McKenna returns to her long raven locks after fooling fans with a bright pink wig Brown locks Cara Delevingne sports a bubblegum pink wig as she shoots scenes new film for Life In A Year... before whipping it off to reveal her shaved head 'This isn't about you': Pregnant Ferne McCann trolled by This Morning viewers after breaking down in tears during first TV appearance since acid attack 'I would be mad too if magazines kept trying to keep us apart': Elsa Pataky breaks silence on 'tense' photos with husband Chris Hemsworth Awkward? Thomas Cohen and girlfriend Zoe Sidel cosy up at Tiffany bash... as his ex Daisy Lowe hits the same star-studded party Three's a crowd Tamara Ecclestone reveals her three-year-old daughter sleeps in her bed EVERY night (and insists her husband 'totally gets it') 'Co-sleeping' method 'We're planning something!': Take That are plotting a reunion tour and new music for 30th anniversary... and want Robbie and Jason on board 'I'm aware that it looks like a giant cigarette': Ashley James shows off her sensational figure in a skimpy bikini as she jokes about bizarre throwback holiday snap  Kourtney Kardashian celebrates new beau Younes Bendjima's birthday over dinner...as ex Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking'  Rob Kardashian digs out old pictures to wish Blac Chyna a happy birthday... after skipping her party with family and friends Boris Becker's ex-wife Barbara, 50, flaunts her long legs in fringed mini-dress as she arrives in style for Duftstars awards in Berlin Kim klone! Ashley Graham continues to channel Kardashian's style as she showcases curves in tight-fitting white two-piece and duster coat Shade! Jessica Chastain does epic eye-roll at Johnny Depp's dependence on earpiece while acting Actor 'has a full-time sound engineer'  Geordie Phwoar! Vicky Pattison shows off her legs in a pretty mini dress covered with flora and fauna embroidery for a summery day out  Cute day dress Vogue Williams shows off hr sideboob as she enjoys sunny holiday... after being 'banned' from Spencer Matthews' brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton 'I asked God to heal my son': Goldie Hawn reveals she turned to prayer when her son Oliver nearly died after birth Was taken to the ICU 13 Reasons Why stars Dylan Minnette and Katherine Langford pose for Entertainment Weekly cover...days after season two renewal Kieran Hayler denies claims wife Katie Price is pregnant in irritable cryptic Instagram video... insisting they 'aren't planning any more babies soon' Do I look good in this? Formula 1 champ Lewis Hamilton snaps a quick selfie during fashion photo shoot in Barcelona Looking uber cool  'Mermaid vibes': TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her incredibly tiny waist and darker braided locks as she poses by the sea for stunning bikini snap Sloane Rangers! Lottie Moss rocks ripped jeans and quirky blue shades as she goes shopping on King's Road with MIC's Emily Blackwell In good spirits PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Tamsin Egerton shows off her blooming bump in a tight T-shirt as she gets cosy with boyfriend Josh Hartnett in the park Tyga's mystery girl revealed! Rapper spotted stepping out with gorgeous Brazilian super star Anitta Her real name is Larissa de Macedo Machado Buckle up! Nicole Scherzinger and French Montana step out in matching beige trench coats as they enjoy night out in LA Denied romance  'He needs to go back to rehab': Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking' as Kourtney Kardashian moves on with toyboy model beau Amy Schumer reveals forgetful Kurt Russell was delighted to meet her for the first time... even though they'd already spent a whole evening together 'He's a great barometer for me:' Zac Efron says he looks to younger brother Dylan for dating advice Turns to his 25-year-old sibling for guidance Kesha turns heads in $823 kooky Gucci platforms and floral suit as she leads the style with long-term love Brad Ashenfelter at star-studded LA premiere This Is Us star Chrissy Metz thanks fans for 'love and support' after getting body shamed for wearing PVC dress to MTV Movie & TV Awards She wore a minidress 'My daily fix of puppy breath': January Jones cuddles up to new fluffy pet pooch Joey Shared a picture snuggled up to her pet pooch 'I never get on a scale!' Curvaceous model Kate Upton reveals she won't go on any crazy diets before wedding to Justin Verlander Not happening Leggy Adriana Lima risks a wardrobe malfunction in sizzling slashed gown while headed to NYC shoot Victoria's Secret Angel was red hot This is the life! Roxanne Pallett is in great spirits in sporty bikini during Portugal getaway... after dramatically leaving The Wedding Singer musical Yo-yo dieter Kirstie Alley indulges in ice cream and cigarette as she makes a Dairy Queen pit stop Treated themselves at a Florida truck stop What's in a name? Beyonce and Jay Z challenged AGAIN over second attempt to trademark Blue Ivy Carter Stranglehold The Fantastic Mr Bonneville: Downton Abbey star Hugh is to portray beloved children's author Roald Dahl in new biopic Coming soon 'A crew of forty, four survivors... ONE distress call': Bill is in mortal danger as Doctor Who confronts dozens of terrifying space zombies Nicole Kidman looks almost unrecognisable in trailer for Top of the Lake: China Girl sporting a grey wig and freckled complexion Who's that girl? That's hardly royal china! Jenna Coleman is a very modern queen as she carries disposable coffee cup while on Victoria set with real-life beau Tom Hughes Her royal cryness! Overwhelmed little boy bursts into tears after meeting Kate in Luxembourg on the latest leg of the royals' Brexit charm offensive Prince Charles reveals his desire to strengthen Britain's 'special relationship' with Ireland - 40 years after his 'honorary grandfather' was killed by the IRA Two houses united in grief: Swedish royals pay their respects to the king's brother-in-law as the Spanish monarchy send off the late Duchess of Calabria The couple that sweats together...! Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner put on a sporty show as they return home after gym session and coffee run 'He's a fraud, and can't cook': Jamie Oliver's calls to bring in a sugar tax to limit obesity is slammed by Australian breakfast TV host Mark Latham 'I wouldn't mind meeting her': Richard Wilkins says he would like 'to have a coffee' with Caitlyn Jenner after she propositioned for a date Made In Chelsea's Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo shows off her pins in a frilled suede skirt as she spends the afternoon frolicking with an array of adorable dogs Coral Queen! Maxima wears a vibrant orange number to welcome the President of Costa Rica to the Netherlands - hours after partying with European royals in Oslo Red hot! Holly Hagan flaunts her ample assets and enviable curves in sizzling in swimsuit in saucy Instagram snap Ex Geordie Shore star Beloved Catweazle and Worzel Gummidge actor Geoffrey Bayldon dies at home at 93 after battling respiratory problems  Beloved British actor Three's a crowd? Newly-single Cara De La Hoyde sizzles in a gold bikini as she eases her heartache in Cape Verde with Alex Bowen and Olivia Buckland He's got a type! Newly-single Tyga enjoys intimate dinner with a mystery girl in LA... who is the spitting image of his rumoured love interest Jordan Ozuna 'She burst into tears!' Busy Philipps surprises mom by wearing wedding dress for parents' 50th anniversary celebration On a Disney cruise Just the two of us! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego leave their boys at home as they share some quality time together Out and about My Modern arrangement: Ariel Winter, 19, reveals her new boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, has moved into her home Going strong  Don't call me Lady Gaga! Singer Stefani Germanotta drops famous stage name for A Star Is Born Reinventing her over-the-top image 'We were invited back to his dressing room...': Petula Clark claims she was propositioned for a THREESOME by Elvis with fellow singer Karen Carpenter Adriana Lima appears to take aim at ex Matt Harvey following booze bender just days after model ditched him and 'rekindled romance with Julian Edelman'  For the Love of fashion: Courtney flaunts her shapely legs in a chic shift dress and pussybow blouse at Cini party in Venice Not her rock chick self Competing with A-Rod? Jennifer Lopez shows off athletic physique in track jacket and clinging tights as she heads to gym in New York Breakaway! American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson set to join rival talent show The Voice... despite singing competition show's ABC return 'People want to create drama!' Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest have been 'transparent'... amid rumors American Idol return will create 'situation' Glam Salma Hayek showcases her enviable style in sizzling pink midi dress as she enjoys a romantic evening with François-Henri Pinault at Cini party in Venice Jingle Bell! Kristen gets animated with Mila Kunis on the Georgia set of A Bad Moms Christmas Was spotted gating rather worked up Young beauty Kaia Gerber, 15, displays striking resemblance to model mother Cindy Crawford, 51, as they enjoy low-key family dinner together in LA The boys are back in town! Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom are mobbed by fans as they hit the world premiere of new Pirates Of The Caribbean film The ultimate troll? Bow Wow claims there's a 'scientific method to his madness' attempting to suggest he purposely did the fake private jet post 'I was never afraid to be a provocative woman': Missy Elliott rocks Marc Jacobs track suit as she reveals inspiration for iconic outfits 'We make decisions as parents now': John Legend reveals he and Chrissy Teigen haven't exposed baby Luna to 'entertainment' yet Protective parents Performing with Glee: Lea Michele wows in plunging grey floral gown with sexy thigh-split as she shows off her dulcet tones at San Francisco gig In a tight spot! Lily James struggles to hold up her stockings and suspenders as she wears 40s costume to film Guernsey scenes on the beach WAG Camille Sold steps out with footballer fiance Morgan Schneiderlin in matching Adidas... paying homage to her past as a sports shop assistant Lily Collins jazzes up her casual jeans with glamorous slick of scarlet lipstick as she catches up with a gal pal over dinner in LA Looked truly stunning Looking fedorable! Drew Barrymore rocks a maroon hat as she channels a flower-power vibe to hail a cab Hailing a cab in New York City 'I truly can't believe it - double digits!' Donald Trump Jr's 'little girl' Kai celebrates 10th birthday alongside her parents, friends, and her aunt Tiffany Action girl! Tom Cruise checks out Mission Impossible 6 co-star Rebecca Ferguson on location in Paris as she struts around him sleek biker leathers Bold look! Charli XCX flaunts her ample cleavage in plunging black bra as she arrives at BBC studios in London Loves a racy ensemble Adrienne Bailon almost falls out of her bizarre one-sleeved shirt on date night with husband  Stepped out to celebrate their friends' birthday 'It's hard to accept help': Made In Chelsea stars Natalie Joel and Lauren Hutton reveal they have battled eating disorders and depression  'He's a talented actor!': Guy Ritchie defends casting David Beckham in King Arthur... but the former footballer insists 'won't be pursuing acting' after backlash Brooklyn Beckham tags along with pal Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull at star-studded King Arthur after-party... but where's dad David? Off-duty chic! Rose Byrne shows off style credentials in layered ensemble as she runs errands in New York Perfected the off-duty look  'My dad is still very much my mum's soulmate': Bindi Irwin breaks her silence on rumours her mother Terri is 'in love' with actor Russell Crowe Carol Vorderman leads outrage as ITV show Benidorm airs 'highly offensive' cleft lip joke which has sparkled 118 complaints to Ofcom Viewers weren't amused Bella Thorne debuts her mermaid curls as she displays her enviably toned physique in a patterned sports bra and cropped tracksuit bottoms On jolly good form! The Queen can't hide her delight as her horse wins a prestigious cup at the Windsor show The monarch wrapped up warm  Don't forget the price tag! Kerry Katona makes embarrassing faux pas as she displays toned pins in denim hot pants on Instagram  Showing them how it's done! BNTM judge Abbey Clancy strips down to a bikini as she cavorts with contestants on yacht for swimwear challenge 'She's the apple of our eyes': Poppy Delevingne insists she is not jealous of sister Cara... admitting supermodel was always destined for greatness Pure and simple: Myleene Klass looks effortlessly cool in a plunging floral maxi dress with sexy thigh-split as she heads to radio studios Cheeky! Kylie Jenner wears nothing but a bra and thong as she shows off generous derriere and ample assets in revealing social media snap 'I screamed and cried through the whole first viewing': Heath Ledger's sister Kate talks about seeing her brother's unseen footage in new documentary Sealed with a kiss!  Kate Hudson locks lips with new musician beau Danny Fujikawa as they make red carpet debut at Snatched premiere It's official 'She died with zero in the bank!' Ex-EastEnder John Partridge reveals his beloved mother has passed away... following his decision to do CBB to fund £45k care costs Peter Andre shares his experience with aliens on This Morning... after landing first movie role in Hollywood thriller The Undoing Bagged new movie role Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Business Companies Boeing stops 737 MAX tests days before delivery after engine issue Boeing was scheduled to deliver the first 737 MAX early next week. By Dan Cancian May 11, 2017 10:18 BST Boeing's 737 MAX-9 is pictured under construction at the company's production facility in Renton, WashingtonReuters Test flights on Boeing's new 737 MAX jets have been temporarily suspended days before the aircraft was due to make its commercial debut, after the American aerospace giant warned of possible issues with the engines. The US planemaker said it received the warning last week, when it was alerted over a potential issue related to Leap engine's low-pressure turbine discs. Boeing added it had not experienced any problem with the discs in more than 2,000 hours of testing and it was working alongside engine supplier CFM International, a joint-venture of General Electric (GE) and France-based Safran, in a bid to understand the issue. "Out of an abundance of caution, we decided to temporarily suspend MAX flights," said Boeing spokesman Doug Alder. "The step is consistent with our priority focus on safety for all who use and fly our products." Designed to be a more efficient version of Boeing's current 737 fleet, the 737 MAX is already the fastest-selling plane in Boeing's history, as the US company has already received 3,714 orders. The 737 is Boeing's largest source of profit and the 737 MAX 8, the first version of the aircraft to roll off the production line, costs $110m (£85m). Boeing was due to deliver the new 737 to Malindo Air and Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA later this month, while American Airlines, Southwest, and China's Shandong Airlines are also among the companies to have placed an order for the latest Boeing's aircraft. The former, an affiliate of Indonesian carrier PT Lion Mentari Airlines but headquartered in Malaysia, had expected a delivery early next week, with commercial service due to begin on 19 May. Earlier this year, Indian airline SpiceJet ordered a further 100 737 MAX, on top of a previous order of 55, and Boeing said it remained on track to deliver the aircraft to the carrier in 2018. Southwest, the second-biggest customer for the aircraft after Lion Air, with 200 on order, and American Airlines, which ordered 100 planes, said they had not been notified of any changes to the delivery schedule. Boeing said it would stick with plans to begin deliveries this month, adding production would continue as normal. Rick Kennedy, a spokesman for GE Aviation, added approximately 30 aircraft will be inspected in the US and in France and that production will carry on using turbine discs from other CFM suppliers for the time being. CFM faces a hefty workload as both Boeing and Airbus, the two largest aircraft manufacturers in the world, plan to ramp up their production of narrow-body planes such as the 737 by approximately 33% before the end of the decade. The engine producer fell behind schedule last year, delivering a total of 77 engines, 28 fewer than it had forecast and it is targeting to produce 500 Leap engines this year and approximately 2,000 in 2020. More business news BT sees profits dive as it cuts 4,000 jobs and chief's bonus after a 'challenging' year Top Shell lawyer says lower extraction costs helping oil industry cope with downturn Barclays CEO Jes Staley weathers stormy AGM after whistleblowing scandal Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Mark Carney urges businesses to embrace Fintech Columnists Yasmin Alibhai-Brown “Rise of the female jihadi - The women waging religious war on the West READ MORE Oil futures extend gains as market prices in near-certainty of Opec cut extension As US inventories decline, oil ministers of Iraq and Algeria claim... US markets close lower as Snapchat stocks plummet Nasdaq drops after four days of record highs. Currency forecasting is still more art than science No forex forecasting model outperforms random walk benchmark but PPP... Low interest rates pose 'risks' to global insurance industry's profitability New research suggests German and Norwegian insurers at highest risk... Barclays to hire up to 100 new staff for investment bank British bank to shake up leadership of markets division after... Goldman Sachs to launch new, upgraded private-stock trading platform Called the dark pool, Sigma X2 will be run by Nasdaq. Stellar's Jed McCaleb launches Lightyear.io for cross-border payments Lightyear.io is co-founded by McCaleb and ex-Palantir executive Brit... IBM, R3 and Axoni discuss DTCC blockchain project Blockchain-based Trade Information Warehouse platform will run in... FX Focus: Pound tumbles after Bank of England keeps rates unchanged BoE leaves rates at 0.25% but warns inflation will peak earlier than... The five things that led to a perfect storm at BT Britain's largest telecoms operator has been hit by accounting... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage China Focus: Construction of Boeing's first overseas 737 factory starts in China 2017-05-11 07:15:55 GMT2017-05-11 15:15:55(Beijing Time) Xinhua English HANGZHOU, May 11 (Xinhua) -- Construction of Boeing's first overseas facility as part of its 737 production system started Thursday in the east China port city of Zhoushan. The construction will consist of two parts -- a Boeing 737 completion center and the delivery center. It is scheduled to be completed in 2018. Boeing and Chinese aviation manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd.(COMAC) will jointly run the completion center, in which flight entertainment systems and seats will be installed in Boeing's 737 aircraft. "Today we all see a vibrant, win-win partnership that supports the growth and development of China's aviation industry and the economy, as well as the U.S. economy," said Ray Conner, president and CEO of Boeing Commercial Airplanes. The completion center also provides services such as coating, repairs and maintenance of Boeing aircraft. The 737 delivery center is solely owned by Boeing. Boeing and COMAC signed an agreement in October 2016 to set up the plant in Zhoushan, Zhejiang Province, 287 km southeast of Shanghai. The plant is designed to deliver 100 Boeing 737 planes per year. Conner said Boeing supplies 150-200 of "the world's most innovative and fuel-efficient airplanes" to Chinese customers a year, accounting for a quarter of Boeing's global delivery. One third of the jets are Boeing 737s. "The completion and delivery centers will bring 737 MAX closer to Chinese customers, who will take delivery right here in China," he said. He added that Chinese companies play a manufacturing role in "every Boeing airplane produced today and on more than 9,000 airplanes flying around the world." The 40-hectare plant is designed to include hangars, office buildings, warehouses, tarmac and runways. Lin Nianxiu, deputy director of the National Development and Reform Commission, attended the ground-breaking ceremony calling the Zhoushan plant "a model for Sino-America high-tech cooperation." Zhoushan is an archipelago and island city which has the largest fisheries in China and boasts strong shipbuilding, tourism and service industries. To accommodate aircraft manufacturing, the city's Putuoshan Airport is undergoing a 750 million yuan (108 million U.S. dollars) expansion to become an international airport. In addition to supporting Boeing, the Zhujiajian aviation industry park in Zhoushan will also develop an entire industrial chain for aircraft manufacturing, with the capacity to assemble, deliver and modify 600 aircraft per year by 2025. On Thursday, Conner also congratulated COMAC for the successful first flight of its C919, calling it "an important moment in aviation history." Boeing began partnering with COMAC on projects in 2012. Jiaolong conducts last dive in South China Sea A cabin on the moon? China hones the lunar lifestyle Philippine Navy commissions 2nd amphibious landing dock vessel Libyan navy rescues more than 300 migrants off coast of Sabratha Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
May 12, 2017 Search for: Home News Archive Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store Breaking News [ May 11, 2017 ] After static fire, Falcon 9 prepares to meet Inmarsat payload Falcon 9 [ May 11, 2017 ] Video: Falcon 9 hot fire Falcon 9 [ May 11, 2017 ] Live coverage: Falcon 9 rocket at pad 39A for static fire Falcon 9 [ May 10, 2017 ] First core of SpaceX’s Falcon Heavy rocket fired in Texas Falcon [ May 10, 2017 ] Satellite for broadband on-the-go next in rapid-fire SpaceX launch campaign Falcon 9 Twitter Facebook Satellite for broadband on-the-go next in rapid-fire SpaceX launch campaign May 10, 2017 Stephen Clark The Inmarsat 5 F4 satellite pictured with one-half of the Falcon 9 rocket’s payload fairing. Credit: Inmarsat A powerhouse communications satellite owned by Inmarsat has been fueled for liftoff on a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket Monday from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida on a mission to provide broadband links for passengers and crews aboard ships and airplanes, while technicians are loading space station-bound supplies into a commercial Dragon cargo capsule and preparing a Bulgarian telecom for launch on two other SpaceX boosters by mid-June. The launch for London-based Inmarsat on Monday is the first of four SpaceX missions slated to blast off by the end of June from launch pads in Florida and California. The quick launch cadence, if achieved successfully, put a dent in SpaceX’s backlogged manifest, which officials say stands at 70 missions worth more than $10 billion, figures that apparently include the company’s lucrative contract to develop a human-rated spaceship to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station. Since arriving at the Florida launch base last month, the Boeing-built Inmarsat 5 F4 communications station was filled with 5,372 pounds (2,437 kilograms) of hydrazine and nitrogen tetroxide propellants during a four-day procedure inside SpaceX’s payload processing facility at Cape Canaveral. Technicians lifted the spacecraft on the Falcon 9’s payload adapter, made by Ruag Space in Sweden, ahead of encapsulation this week inside the rocket’s composite payload fairing.  The adapter is fitted with a ring connecting the Inmarsat 5 F4 spacecraft to the Falcon 9’s second stage. Meanwhile, SpaceX workers inside the Falcon 9 hangar at nearby launch pad 39A were mounting the two-stage booster on a mobile transporter-erector Wednesday. SpaceX intends to roll out the rocket to pad 39A for a customary fueling test and a hold-down engine firing as soon as Thursday. The Falcon 9’s Merlin 1D main engines will ignite for more than three seconds as clamps keep the rocket grounded. Engineers plan to analyze the performance of the rocket before clearing it for liftoff Monday. The Inmarsat 5 F4 satellite mounted on top of the Falcon 9 rocket’s payload adapter. Credit: Inmarsat After the hotfire test, crews will return the Falcon 9 to the hangar at the southern perimeter of pad 39A, where the Inmarsat 5 F4 satellite and the rocket’s nose fairing will be attached. The rocket’s final rollout to the historic launch complex, previously used by Saturn 5 moon rockets and space shuttles, is expected Sunday or early Monday. The 50-minute launch window Monday opens at 7:20 p.m. EDT (2320 GMT). The heavy weight of Inmarsat 5 F4 — more than 13,000 pounds, or around 6 metric tons — will prevent the Falcon 9 rocket’s first stage booster from attempting a landing on SpaceX’s recovery vessel in the Atlantic Ocean. The booster is not expected to launch with landing legs, grid fins, or other hardware needed for descent maneuvers. Inmarsat 5 F4 will deploy into an oval-shaped geostationary transfer orbit, with a low point a few hundred miles above Earth and an apogee tens of thousands of miles in altitude. The craft’s on-board hydrazine-fueled engine will circularize its orbit at an altitude of nearly 22,300 miles (around 35,800 kilometers) over the equator. Monday’s launch will be the sixth SpaceX mission this year. The company’s founder and chief executive, Elon Musk, said in late March that SpaceX planned between 20 and 25 rocket flights in 2017, aiming to average missions every two weeks or so. The rapid-fire launch campaigns have long been promised by SpaceX, but two rocket failures in June 2015 and September 2016 grounded the company’s missions for months, combining to set back its manifest by nearly one year. Shorter delays stemming from satellite issues, rocket production bottlenecks, and the difficulty of scheduling launches to the International Space Station have also stricken SpaceX. NASA must weigh the readiness of station astronauts and other missions heading to the orbiting research outpost when approving launch dates for SpaceX’s Dragon supply ships. But SpaceX now has a surplus of customers with payloads ready for launch. Managers from the launch company’s biggest commercial client, Iridium, said last month that half of the firm’s 81 next-generation communications satellites have been constructed by Thales Alenia Space and Orbital ATK at a factory in Arizona. The first batch of 10 Iridium Next spacecraft were launched into orbit a few hundred miles above Earth in January on a Falcon 9 rocket, and the rest await Falcon 9 rides into orbit from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California promised by SpaceX every two months beginning June 29. A Falcon 9 rocket takes off Jan. 14 from Vandenberg Air Force Base, California, with Iridium’s first 10 new-generation low Earth orbit communications satellites. The same first stage that flew Jan. 14 will launch again around June 15 with a Bulgarian communications satellite. Credit: SpaceX Intelsat officials said in an April 27 conference call with investors that the Boeing-made Intelsat 35e communications satellite, the fourth in the operator’s new-generation “Epic” high-throughput relay satellites, is scheduled for a Falcon 9 launch in late June from Florida. But first comes three Falcon 9 flights with launches targeted for Monday, June 1 and June 15. The fourth member of Inmarsat’s Global Xpress network, a $1.6 billion, four-satellite update to the operator’s geostationary fleet, will add back-up capacity and new business opportunities to the London-based company’s constellation following its launch Monday. Based on the Boeing 702HP satellite bus, Inmarsat 5 F4 joins three nearly identical spacecraft successfully orbited on three Russian Proton rockets from 2013 through 2015 under the auspices of International Launch Services, a U.S.-based, Russian-owned launch services provider. The first three Inmarsat 5-series satellites are parked in geostationary orbit at positions around the globe. The first Global Xpress satellite is positioned to cover Europe, the Middle East and Africa, the second is over the Atlantic Ocean and the Americas, and a third Inmarsat 5 satellite launched in August 2015 provides coverage to the Asia-Pacific and Australia. Rupert Pearce, Inmarsat’s CEO, said May 4 that Inmarsat 5 F4 will probably begin service over Europe, supplementing the Inmarsat 5 F1 satellite’s coverage there. Pearce said there is a “strong business case” for locating the new satellite over Europe, but he said Inmarsat has not solidified its plan for Inmarsat 5 F4. “Because it’s not needed (for) complete global coverage, the role of Inmarsat 5 F4 could change through its life,” said Tony Bates, Inmarsat’s chief financial officer, in a May 4 quarterly conference call with investment analysts. “And obviously, they are for in-orbit redundancy, which would limit it if it was needed for that purpose. But otherwise, it can go off to discrete business opportunities that may differ during its life.” The major customers for the Global Xpress network — Inmarsat’s fifth-generation fleet — include airlines, which use satellite links for safety and passenger entertainment, the maritime industry, oil and gas platforms, media companies, and the military. Boeing is responsible for selling Global Xpress services to U.S. government and military users. Artist’s concept of an Inmarsat 5-series satellite in orbit. Credit: Boeing Each Inmarsat 5-series satellite carries 89 fixed and steerable spot beams in Ka-band. The company’s earlier satellites broadcast in L-band, but Inmarsat switched to Ka-band for the Global Xpress system, offering improved downlink communications speeds to 50 megabits per second, with up to 5 megabits per second on the uplink side. Inmarsat 5 F4 was originally supposed to launch in 2016 on a SpaceX Falcon Heavy rocket, a triple-core booster formed by three Falcon 9 first stages. But the heavy-lifter still has not flown, and Inmarsat transferred the Inmarsat 5 F4 launch to a smaller Falcon 9, forcing SpaceX to forego recovery of the first stage booster on the coming flight in order to lift the Global Xpress satellite into orbit. Inmarsat in December switched another satellite that was slated to fly on a Falcon Heavy to launch on an Ariane 5 rocket owned by rival Arianespace. Next in line on SpaceX’s manifest is the June 1 launch of a robotic Dragon supply ship to the International Space Station. Technicians are spending this month installing cargo into the pressurized carrier, while three experiment modules have already been loaded into the spaceship’s unpressurized trunk section. The upcoming cargo delivery, SpaceX’s 11th revenue-earning supply launch to the space station, will be the first to use a previously-flown Dragon capsule. The pressure shell containing the mission’s internal supplies first flew on SpaceX’s fourth cargo mission in September 2014. The Dragon’s external cargo section burns up in Earth’s atmosphere at the end of each mission. SpaceX engineers retrieved the capsule in the Pacific Ocean after 34 days in space, refurbished the spacecraft for another flight, then shipped the cargo module back to Cape Canaveral for launch preps. A NASA spokesperson said SpaceX’s 11th resupply flight, set for launch from pad 39A around 5:55 p.m. EDT (2155 GMT) on June 1, will loft around 5,879 pounds (2,667 kilograms) of equipment, provisions and experiments to the space station and its crew. The cargo manifest breaks down to 3,670 pounds (1,665 kilograms) of supplies inside Dragon’s pressurized compartment, and 2,209 pounds (1,002 kilograms) of equipment in the disposable spacecraft trunk. Astronauts inside the station will unpack Dragon’s internal cabin, while robotic arms outside the complex will extract three payloads from the trunk after the ship arrives at the outpost a few days following liftoff. A SpaceX Dragon cargo craft at the International Space Station in September 2014. The upper section of the spacecraft seen in this image will be re-flown to the space station next month. Credit: SpaceX The experiment packages to be bolted on platforms outside the station include NICER, an astrophysics investigation that NASA says “will measure neutron stars and test, for the first time in space, technology that uses pulsars as navigation beacons.” Another payload is the Roll-Out Solar Array developed by Deployable Space Systems of Santa Barbara, California, with support from the U.S. Air Force. The experimental array is a new type of power-generating solar panel that unrolls like a party favor, making it more compact than rigid designs currently flying on satellites. A commercially-built Earth-viewing camera system from Teledyne Brown that will host multiple digital imagers and hyperspectral sensors will also be launched on the Dragon for attachment to a post outside the space station. The Dragon cargo craft will spend about a month berthed to the space station’s Harmony module, near a commercial Cygnus cargo freighter from Orbital ATK that is already attached to the lab’s Unity module. SpaceX’s next reused rocket booster is preparing for launch on the afternoon of June 15 from Kennedy Space Center with BulgariaSat 1, Bulgaria’s first communications satellite. The nearly 9,000-pound (4-metric ton) spacecraft, built by Space Systems/Loral, will broadcast television channels to homes in Bulgaria, Serbia and elsewhere in Europe for BulgariaSat, an affiliate of Bulsatcom, Bulgaria’s largest digital television provider. Nearly 12 years in the making, the $235 million satellite project is a big step for Bulgaria, according to Maxim Zayakov, BulgariaSat’s CEO. “The satellite is a huge thing,” Zayakov said in a May 5 interview with Spaceflight Now. “It’s a big milestone and gives us a chance for regional development … as well as throughout Europe, where we have our main coverage. And for the country, definitely, it’s the first geostationary communications satellite.” Zayakov said BulgariaSat 1 was also a victim of SpaceX delays following a Sept. 1 rocket explosion on a launch pad at Cape Canaveral, which destroyed the Amos 6 communications satellite owned by Israel-based Spacecom Ltd. “We were just given a launch date, which previously was Nov. 28, and we received confirmation of that launch date on Aug. 30,” Zayakov said. “Not long after that, neither our friends at Spacecom nor us had anything. They didn’t have a satellite, and we didn’t have a launch date.” Zayakov said the successful re-flight of a SpaceX Falcon 9 first stage booster with the SES 10 communications satellite March 30 “confirmed the whole concept” of reusability. “Now, it is obvious that the cost of reaching space is certainly going to be even lower,” Zayakov said. “SpaceX was already setting new standards in that regard, and now it’s even better. “It really is a big deal,” he continued. “A lot of people don’t realize that, for small countries and small companies like us, without SpaceX, there was no way we would ever be able to even think about space. With them, it was possible. We got a project. I think, in the future, it’s going to be even more affordable because of reusability.” According to Zayakov, SSL made the arrangements to launch BulgariaSat 1 on a previously-flown rocket prior to the much-watched SES 10 mission. The California-headquartered satellite manufacturer is SpaceX’s direct customer for the mid-June mission, while BulgariaSat will take command of the spacecraft once it is in orbit. “SpaceX told them all the pros and cons (of using a previously-flown rocket), and I believe they were waiting for a confirmation from the insurance community,” Zayakov said. “I think that’s why it was decided to take the second reused flight, and not the first.” At the time of the Friday interview, Zayakov said BulgariaSat 1 was en route from its factory in Palo Alto, California, to the Florida spaceport for fueling and other preflight processing. Iridium and Intelsat’s satellites are on track for launch on Falcon 9 rockets by the end of June, and SpaceX plans around two missions per month the rest of the year, a backlog primarily populated by commercial telecom payloads, more Dragon logistics flights to the space station, and one or two launches of the new Falcon Heavy rocket. Falcon 9 customers are now more willing than ever to disclose specific launch dates weeks or months in advance, a sign that SpaceX may finally be hitting its stride after several years of missed launch targets, at least in the eyes of several major clients. Email the author. Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1. Astrophysics Boeing Boeing 702HP Bulgaria BulgariaSat BulgariaSat 1 Commercial Space Deployable Space Systems Dragon Earth Observation Falcon 9 Global Xpress Inmarsat Inmarsat 5 F4 Intelsat Intelsat 35e International Space Station Iridium Iridium NEXT Iridium NEXT Mission 2 ISS Cargo Kennedy Space Center Launch Pad 39A NICER Orbital ATK Reusability Roll-Out Solar Array Space Systems/Loral SpaceX SpaceX-11 SpaceX-4 Telecom Thales Alenia Space United Kingdom Related Articles Mission Reports ESA says doomed Mars lander succumbed to bad altitude reading November 25, 2016 News SpaceX’s first crew launch moved back to 2018 December 13, 2016 Ariane 5 Photos: Ariane 5 lights up the night in French Guiana August 27, 2016 News Headlines After static fire, Falcon 9 prepares to meet Inmarsat payload May 11, 2017 Video: Falcon 9 hot fire May 11, 2017 Live coverage: Falcon 9 rocket at pad 39A for static fire May 11, 2017 First core of SpaceX’s Falcon Heavy rocket fired in Texas May 10, 2017 Satellite for broadband on-the-go next in rapid-fire SpaceX launch campaign May 10, 2017 Home News Archive Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store © 1999-2017 Spaceflight Now Inc. Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, May 12, 2017 2:57 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights due to engine issue Thursday May 11, 2017 03:05 PM GMT+8 ICYMI Singapore’s top universities, NUS and NTU, hit by cyber-attacks The Edit: Erythritol identified as marker for weight gain The Edit: Check out this new trailer for ‘The Hitman’s Bodyguard’ Metro founder’s grandson acquitted of trafficking in Singapore Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article A new Boeing 737MAX sits parked under a canopy at Boeing Field after coming off the production line in Seattle, Washington, May 9, 2017. — Reuters picSEATTLE, May 11 — Boeing Co said yesterday it had temporarily halted test flights of its new 737 MAX aircraft due to an issue with the engine, which is jointly made by General Electric Co and Safran SA of France. The grounding comes days before Boeing was due to deliver its first 737 MAX to an airline and marks a high-profile delay in a program that Boeing had said was ahead of schedule. It poses no safety concerns for travellers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 MAX but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. Boeing and engine maker CFM said they do not know how long the delay will last. Boeing shares fell 1.3 per cent to US$183.15 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange. GE shares were down 0.9 per cent at US$28.67. The 737 MAX replaces an older version of Boeing’s best-selling single-aisle aircraft, a key moneymaker for the aerospace company. The 737 MAX 8, the first version of the plane to be built, seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration. It carries a list price of US$110 million (RM478 million) but airlines typically receive steep discounts. A delay in getting aircraft to customers likely would cause a build-up in Boeing’s inventory, “as planes essentially sit waiting for engines,” said analyst Rob Stallard at Vertical Research Partners. “Investors are acutely focused” on the risks of speeding up production of the new engine, known as the LEAP-1B, he said. Separately, Airbus said it was continuing flights with its A320neo, which is powered by the similar LEAP-1A engine and is flying customers. Malaysian carrier Malindo Air was set to receive the first 737 MAX delivery on Monday and use the jet for its Kuala Lumpur-Singapore route from May 19. But Malindo CEO Chandran Rama Muthy told Reuters that it does not plan to use the plane until May 22, without elaborating on the reason for the delay. Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA, which was due to receive its first 737 MAX near the end of May, said it expected “a few days’ delay.” “This will, however, not delay the launch of our upcoming trans-Atlantic routes from the United States to Edinburgh,” spokesman Anders Lindstrom said in an email. Southwest Airlines Co, the initial customer for the 737 MAX, said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Southwest is expected to begin receiving the jet later in the year after it retires some older 737s. American Airlines Group Inc, which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment. The issue arose late last week when Safran found a quality problem in a large metal disc used in the low-pressure turbine at the rear of the engine, said Jamie Jewell, a spokesman for the engine maker, CFM International. CFM notified Boeing, which immediately grounded the fleet of about 21 planes. GE spokesman Rick Kennedy said the disc that prompted the concern had not been installed in an engine. “There have been no issues whatsoever with engines in the field,” Jewell said. All of the 30 to 40 engines that have been built so far will be sent either to Lafayette, Indiana, or Villaroche, France, for inspection, Kennedy said. Many will need to be removed from aircraft and shipped, Jewell said. It was not clear how long the inspections would take to complete. Safran received the disc from a supplier but there are other suppliers of that part so production of the engine was continuing, Kennedy said. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Xi's US$500b push to reshape the world in China's image Two more firms win contracts for KL-Singapore HSR project Apple products too many for a table but still add growth South Korea orders recalls for Hyundai, Kia after whistleblower report Najib confident Digital Free Trade Zone will be new economic hub Fitch unit predicts ECRL, upgraded Kuantan port to boost East Coast economy High debt, stagnant wages to hobble Malaysia’s growth in 2017, says economist Zcash, the virtual money making its mark IJM Perennial unveils its RM4.5b Penang waterfront development Bursa to trend higher towards 1,770 points level next week Most Watched Now Week NYT Video: How Danny DeVito eats an egg (and still says his lines) on Broadway Innovative globe chess board Reuters Video: Acting FBI director refutes White House claims on Comey Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles Boeing must get 737 MAX engine approval to fly again Malindo’s maiden Taipei-KK-Labuan charter flight in July DCA asked to prepare SOP for flight crew interviews, says Riot Trades union urges authorities to probe Malindo over strip interview Malindo denies report on strip-down during interviews Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Fri,  12 May 2017 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 7.00   -0.10 -1.41%   1STPRIMFMF 11.90   0.10 0.85%   AAMRATECH 37.60   -0.10 -0.27%   ABB1STMF 7.00   0.10 1.45%   ABBANK 19.30   -0.30 -1.53%   ACI   6.30   ACIFORMULA 204.40   5.90 2.97%   ACMELAB 114.60   -0.20 -0.17%   ACTIVEFINE 50.10   0.70 1.42%   AFCAGRO 56.70   -0.50 -0.87%   AFTABAUTO 65.60   -0.20 -0.30%   AGNISYSL 25.40   0.00 0.00%   AGRANINS 20.60   0.00 0.00%   AIBL1STIMF 8.10   -0.20 -2.41%   AL-HAJTEX 114.80   4.40 3.99%   ALARABANK 17.10   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 12.00   0.00 0.00%   AMANFEED 75.40   -0.90 -1.18%   AMBEEPHA 375.00   4.10 1.11%   AMCL(PRAN) 212.30   0.20 0.09%   ANLIMAYARN 30.90   0.20 0.65%   ANWARGALV 68.50   1.00 1.48%   APEXFOODS 134.40   -1.10 -0.81%   APEXFOOT 327.00   1.60 0.49%   APEXSPINN 107.80   -0.50 -0.46%   APEXTANRY 147.80   -0.10 -0.07%   APOLOISPAT 19.80   -0.30 -1.49%   ARAMIT 370.00   12.60 3.53%   ARAMITCEM 37.00   -0.60 -1.60%   ARGONDENIM 36.00   -0.40 -1.10%   ASIAINS 18.70   -0.10 -0.53%   ASIAPACINS 20.00   -0.10 -0.50%   ATCSLGF 11.00   0.00 0.00%   ATLASBANG 128.30   2.80 2.23%   BANGAS 119.20   0.00 0.00%   BANKASIA 16.60   -0.30 -1.78%   BARKAPOWER 44.10   -0.90 -2.00%   BATASHOE 1130.00   0.30 0.03%   BATBC   10.50   BAYLEASING 27.00   -0.80 -2.88%   BBS   -0.70   BDAUTOCA 69.50   -0.30 -0.43%   BDCOM   1.60   BDFINANCE 22.00   -0.50 -2.22%   BDLAMPS 171.00   0.80 0.47%   BDTHAI 27.30   -0.30 -1.09%   BDWELDING 13.40   1.00 8.06%   BEACHHATCH 14.00   -0.10 -0.71%   BEACONPHAR 22.10   -0.30 -1.34%   BENGALWTL 48.20   -0.80 -1.63%   BERGERPBL 2120.00   -0.10 0.00%   BEXIMCO 33.20   -0.20 -0.60%   BGIC   -0.20   BIFC   -0.10   BNICL   -0.50   BRACBANK 75.50   -1.80 -2.33%   BSC   6.10   BSCCL   -0.10   BSRMLTD 134.30   -0.10 -0.07%   BSRMSTEEL 92.20   0.60 0.66%   BXPHARMA 110.00   0.00 0.00%   BXSYNTH 7.90   0.20 2.60%   CAPMBDBLMF 8.70   0.10 1.16%   CENTRALINS 22.30   -0.70 -3.04%   CENTRALPHL 29.40   -0.10 -0.34%   CITYBANK 30.60   0.10 0.33%   CITYGENINS 15.20   -0.30 -1.94%   CMCKAMAL 25.40   -0.10 -0.39%   CNATEX 10.40   0.00 0.00%   CONFIDCEM 131.70   0.40 0.30%   CONTININS 19.80   0.00 0.00%   CVOPRL 211.00   2.60 1.25%   DACCADYE 8.00   0.10 1.27%   DAFODILCOM 41.00   0.60 1.49%   DBH   -0.40   DBH1STMF 8.50   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 99.80   -0.20 -0.20%   DELTASPINN 11.40   0.00 0.00%   DESCO   0.00   DESHBANDHU 18.50   0.30 1.65%   DHAKABANK 19.10   0.30 1.60%   DHAKAINS 21.10   -0.50 -2.31%   DOREENPWR 131.50   0.60 0.46%   DSHGARME 344.70   9.40 2.80%   DSSL   0.10   DULAMIACOT 7.80   -0.40 -4.88%   DUTCHBANGL 100.80   0.80 0.80%   EASTERNINS 29.00   -0.60 -2.03%   EASTLAND 22.30   -0.30 -1.33%   EASTRNLUB 948.00   -2.80 -0.29%   EBL   -0.40   EBL1STMF 7.50   0.10 1.35%   EBLNRBMF 6.60   0.00 0.00%   ECABLES 134.40   -0.60 -0.44%   EHL   0.00   EMERALDOIL 25.40   -0.30 -1.17%   ENVOYTEX 38.00   0.00 0.00%   ETL   0.30   EXIM1STMF 7.40   -0.10 -1.33%   FAMILYTEX 8.70   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 25.90   0.00 0.00%   FAREASTFIN 13.50   -1.40 -9.40%   FAREASTLIF 76.10   1.60 2.15%   FASFIN 19.30   -0.80 -3.98%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 12.30   -0.30 -2.38%   FEKDIL 25.90   -0.10 -0.38%   FINEFOODS 25.80   -0.20 -0.77%   FIRSTFIN 14.40   -0.40 -2.70%   FIRSTSBANK 12.60   -0.30 -2.33%   FORTUNE 53.20   -0.20 -0.37%   FUWANGCER 19.30   -0.10 -0.52%   FUWANGFOOD 16.00   0.10 0.63%   GBBPOWER 24.30   -0.40 -1.62%   GEMINISEA 547.00   -0.80 -0.15%   GENNEXT 9.90   0.00 0.00%   GHAIL   -0.20   GHCL   -0.30   GLAXOSMITH 1448.60   -1.60 -0.11%   GLOBALINS 15.20   -0.30 -1.94%   GOLDENSON 17.80   -0.20 -1.11%   GP   -1.20   GPHISPAT 44.90   0.00 0.00%   GQBALLPEN 91.90   3.70 4.20%   GRAMEENS2 14.40   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELMF 8.50   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 62.00   -0.10 -0.16%   GSPFINANCE 29.60   -1.90 -6.03%   HAKKANIPUL 52.30   0.30 0.58%   HEIDELBCEM 473.00   2.20 0.47%   HFL   -0.10   HRTEX   0.00   HWAWELLTEX 36.90   -0.10 -0.27%   IBBLPBOND 957.50   2.00 0.21%   IBNSINA 241.00   2.70 1.13%   ICB   -0.60   ICB2NDNRB 10.30   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 7.10   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 9.30   -0.10 -1.06%   ICBEPMF1S1 8.10   0.00 0.00%   ICBIBANK 4.70   0.00 0.00%   ICBSONALI1 8.00   0.00 0.00%   IDLC   -0.80   IFADAUTOS 129.00   1.40 1.10%   IFIC   -0.30   IFIC1STMF 6.80   0.00 0.00%   IFILISLMF1 8.30   0.20 2.47%   ILFSL   -1.60   IMAMBUTTON 13.60   -0.20 -1.45%   INTECH 17.30   0.20 1.17%   IPDC   -0.60   ISLAMIBANK 32.40   0.70 2.21%   ISLAMICFIN 24.40   -0.70 -2.79%   ISLAMIINS 24.20   0.20 0.83%   ISNLTD 17.50   0.10 0.57%   ITC   -0.30   JAMUNABANK 18.70   0.10 0.54%   JAMUNAOIL 205.00   -1.30 -0.63%   JANATAINS 10.30   -0.30 -2.83%   JMISMDL 188.00   6.10 3.35%   JUTESPINN 52.00   0.90 1.76%   KARNAPHULI 16.70   -0.10 -0.60%   KAY&QUE 45.00   0.10 0.22%   KBPPWBIL 24.60   0.20 0.82%   KDSALTD 78.40   0.00 0.00%   KEYACOSMET 15.00   0.10 0.67%   KOHINOOR 389.00   2.60 0.67%   KPCL   -0.20   KPPL   0.00   LAFSURCEML 68.00   -0.50 -0.73%   LANKABAFIN 52.80   -0.90 -1.68%   LEGACYFOOT 22.80   0.50 2.24%   LIBRAINFU 480.00   0.90 0.19%   LINDEBD 1267.00   36.70 2.98%   LRGLOBMF1 7.20   0.00 0.00%   MAKSONSPIN 9.30   -0.10 -1.06%   MALEKSPIN 23.10   0.00 0.00%   MARICO 1023.00   1.50 0.15%   MATINSPINN 39.40   0.30 0.77%   MBL1STMF 8.50   0.00 0.00%   MEGCONMILK 9.30   -0.10 -1.06%   MEGHNACEM 105.00   0.90 0.86%   MEGHNALIFE 58.80   0.50 0.86%   MEGHNAPET 9.40   0.20 2.17%   MERCANBANK 17.60   -0.40 -2.22%   MERCINS 18.50   0.30 1.65%   METROSPIN 7.90   0.30 3.95%   MHSML   -0.20   MICEMENT 97.00   0.90 0.94%   MIDASFIN 26.20   -0.90 -3.32%   MIRACLEIND 40.30   0.70 1.77%   MITHUNKNIT 47.40   -0.60 -1.25%   MJLBD   1.10   MODERNDYE 191.00   -3.50 -1.80%   MONNOCERA 38.60   0.20 0.52%   MONNOSTAF 492.00   0.80 0.16%   MPETROLEUM 196.30   -1.00 -0.51%   MTB   0.40   NATLIFEINS 176.40   0.30 0.17%   NAVANACNG 71.50   -1.50 -2.05%   NBL   0.10   NCCBANK 14.80   0.00 0.00%   NCCBLMF1 8.10   -0.20 -2.41%   NFML   -0.70   NHFIL   -0.60   NITOLINS 22.10   -0.10 -0.45%   NLI1STMF 14.40   -0.20 -1.37%   NORTHERN 397.00   31.90 8.74%   NORTHRNINS 24.70   -0.30 -1.20%   NPOLYMAR 104.30   5.20 5.25%   NTC   0.20   NTLTUBES 113.90   5.20 4.78%   OAL   0.50   OLYMPIC 273.80   -0.70 -0.26%   ONEBANKLTD 21.30   0.10 0.47%   ORIONINFU 58.10   1.10 1.93%   ORIONPHARM 48.10   -0.10 -0.21%   PADMALIFE 41.70   0.10 0.24%   PADMAOIL 245.00   -4.70 -1.88%   PARAMOUNT 21.40   0.10 0.47%   PDL   0.00   PENINSULA 25.50   0.00 0.00%   PEOPLESINS 23.80   0.20 0.85%   PF1STMF 7.60   0.00 0.00%   PHARMAID 268.50   5.10 1.94%   PHENIXINS 27.00   0.30 1.12%   PHOENIXFIN 27.00   -0.90 -3.23%   PHPMF1 8.40   0.20 2.44%   PIONEERINS 28.50   0.00 0.00%   PLFSL   -0.10   POPULAR1MF 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   POPULARLIF 71.70   -0.20 -0.28%   POWERGRID 54.30   0.20 0.37%   PRAGATIINS 34.00   -1.90 -5.29%   PRAGATILIF 112.40   -0.70 -0.62%   PREMIERBAN 12.30   0.20 1.65%   PREMIERCEM 91.10   -1.30 -1.41%   PREMIERLEA 20.20   -0.60 -2.88%   PRIME1ICBA 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   PRIMEBANK 21.80   0.00 0.00%   PRIMEFIN 11.50   -0.10 -0.86%   PRIMEINSUR 19.80   -0.30 -1.49%   PRIMELIFE 57.60   0.10 0.17%   PRIMETEX 26.70   -0.20 -0.74%   PROVATIINS 20.00   -0.10 -0.50%   PTL   0.30   PUBALIBANK 22.80   -0.10 -0.44%   PURABIGEN 15.80   -0.30 -1.86%   QSMDRYCELL 94.00   -0.70 -0.74%   RAHIMAFOOD 113.00   -2.30 -1.99%   RAHIMTEXT 289.80   1.20 0.42%   RAKCERAMIC 56.40   -1.10 -1.91%   RANFOUNDRY 120.00   3.00 2.56%   RDFOOD 18.00   -0.60 -3.23%   RECKITTBEN 1526.00   0.50 0.03%   REGENTTEX 30.80   1.10 3.70%   RELIANCE1 10.20   -0.20 -1.92%   RELIANCINS 45.40   -0.70 -1.52%   RENATA 1100.00   -1.00 -0.09%   RENWICKJA 549.90   -1.20 -0.22%   REPUBLIC 29.80   -0.30 -1.00%   RNSPIN 22.50   -0.20 -0.88%   RSRMSTEEL 86.70   2.00 2.36%   RUPALIBANK 32.00   0.30 0.95%   RUPALIINS 20.30   -0.10 -0.49%   RUPALILIFE 40.10   -0.30 -0.74%   SAFKOSPINN 14.30   0.10 0.70%   SAIFPOWER 43.30   -0.50 -1.14%   SAIHAMCOT 17.60   0.20 1.15%   SAIHAMTEX 21.70   0.60 2.84%   SALAMCRST 35.20   -0.30 -0.85%   SALVOCHEM 24.80   0.20 0.81%   SAMATALETH 27.00   2.40 9.76%   SAMORITA 81.10   0.60 0.75%   SANDHANINS 35.80   0.30 0.85%   SAPORTL 41.40   -0.60 -1.43%   SEBL1STMF 13.50   -0.10 -0.74%   SEMLIBBLSF 10.00   0.30 3.09%   SEMLLECMF 9.40   -0.40 -4.08%   SHAHJABANK 15.00   -0.30 -1.96%   SHASHADNIM 72.20   -0.60 -0.82%   SHEPHERD 41.10   -1.00 -2.38%   SHURWID 8.90   -0.20 -2.20%   SHYAMPSUG 21.60   -0.10 -0.46%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 27.90   0.20 0.72%   SINGERBD 182.00   -0.50 -0.27%   SINOBANGLA 36.60   0.30 0.83%   SONALIANSH 221.90   5.30 2.45%   SONARBAINS 17.70   0.00 0.00%   SONARGAON 11.40   -0.20 -1.72%   SOUTHEASTB 17.30   -0.20 -1.14%   SPCERAMICS 12.00   0.50 4.35%   SPCL   -1.00   SQUARETEXT 66.60   -0.30 -0.45%   SQURPHARMA 284.40   0.00 0.00%   STANCERAM 58.90   1.50 2.61%   STANDARINS 17.10   -0.50 -2.84%   STANDBANKL 10.90   -0.10 -0.91%   STYLECRAFT 1317.00   25.70 1.99%   SUMITPOWER 39.60   -0.60 -1.49%   SUNLIFEINS 22.80   0.30 1.33%   TAKAFULINS 19.50   0.30 1.56%   TALLUSPIN 10.20   0.00 0.00%   TITASGAS 50.70   0.00 0.00%   TOSRIFA 25.40   -0.30 -1.17%   TRUSTB1MF 7.00   -0.10 -1.41%   TRUSTBANK 24.40   -0.10 -0.41%   TUNGHAI 16.20   0.70 4.52%   UCB   -0.20   UNIONCAP 27.40   -1.20 -4.20%   UNIQUEHRL 53.60   0.20 0.37%   UNITEDAIR 6.20   0.10 1.64%   UNITEDFIN 22.40   -0.70 -3.03%   UNITEDINS 26.50   0.70 2.71%   UPGDCL 169.00   -1.60 -0.94%   USMANIAGL 90.50   1.00 1.12%   UTTARABANK 23.90   0.60 2.58%   UTTARAFIN 58.60   1.10 1.91%   VAMLBDMF1 8.70   0.10 1.16%   VAMLRBBF 9.00   0.20 2.27%   WATACHEM 160.00   0.30 0.19%   WMSHIPYARD 35.20   -0.80 -2.22%   YPL   -0.10   ZAHEENSPIN 25.30   -0.20 -0.78%   ZAHINTEX 20.00   0.30 1.52%   ZEALBANGLA 34.00   1.00 3.03%   Latest News 11 bombs found at Rajshahi hideout Police to seek 10-day remand for Banani ‘rapists’ Asian shares mostly lower Whistleblower sparks Hyundai recall German GDP rise 0.6pc in Q1 Satkhira crackdown: 36 held OPEC raises supply forecast for 2017 SE Asian stocks flat to lower Dollar trades below eight-week high Six per cent of ADB aid funds come to Bangladesh Lacklustre United set up Ajax final TIME - 01:04 pm National 11 bombs found at Rajshahi hideout Economy Tk 1.53t ADP likely for FY18 World Not under FBI probe: Trump Stock Stocks fail to stay positive after first half Six per cent of ADB aid funds come to Bangladesh TOP NEWS Police to seek 10-day remand for Banani ‘rapists’ OPEC raises supply forecast for 2017 Electric cars threaten oil industry Brazil declares end to Zika emergency Asian shares edge up, on track for winning week 2.85m TIN holders in country now FY18 budget to be placed in JS June 1 Draft EPZ law withdrawn for review, BD tells EU People now better-off, should spend more for VAT: Muhith Customs intelligence suggests prosecution of ex-UNDP chief Asian shares mostly lower May 12, 2017, 12:46 pm Asian stock markets were mostly lower Friday as investors remained cautious amid US political uncertainty. Weak US retail data added to worry over consumer spending. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index lost 0.7 per cent to 19,823.28 and South Korea's Kospi fell Read more Whistleblower sparks Hyundai recall May 12, 2017, 12:44 pm The South Korean government has ordered carmakers Hyundai and Kia Motors to recall about 240,000 cars, after a tip off from a whistleblower. The ex-Hyundai employee raised concern about defects which affected 12 different car models. It is the first time the Read more Economy Menon courts Qatar on halal tourism Civil Aviation and Tourism Minister Rashed Khan Menon sought cooperation of Qatar on Thursday to expand religious and halal tourism in Bangladesh, according to BSS. The minister made the urge when China to fund Bangladesh's 9th friendship bridge  May 11, 2017, 5:18 pm India to develop roads abroad though it falls short of local target May 11, 2017, 5:10 pm Fishing net from Bangladesh under dumping scanner in India May 11, 2017, 4:35 pm Bangladesh’s first LNG-run power plant by June 2019 May 11, 2017, 3:54 pm Nepal to sign Chinese OBOR project May 11, 2017, 2:53 pm Finance Rukhmila Zaman UCB's chairman Woman entrepreneur and Managing Director of Aramit Group Rukhmila Zaman is the new chairman of the United Commercial Bank Limited (UCB). Rukhmila Zaman was unanimously elected UCB chairman in a board meeting after the 34th Annual General Meeting held on Thursday ‘Narrow spread, cut cost to save depositors’ Donors come too late in climate combat Preparing the winning CV Consultancy on growth track in UK Editorial Latest technology for development That factories or industries have to incorporate the latest cutting-edge Latest technology for development That factories or industries have to incorporate the latest cutting-edge Op-Ed Tax policy reform should be country-specific The VAT rates in 19 Asian nations vary from the Tax policy reform should be country-specific The VAT rates in 19 Asian nations vary from the High-tech strategy options for raising per capita income Bangladesh, like many other developing countries, is primarily engaged in High-tech strategy options for raising per capita income Bangladesh, like many other developing countries, is primarily engaged in Uber: A blessing for city-dwellers ALTHOUGH new in business, Uber has already proved its worth Uber: A blessing for city-dwellers ALTHOUGH new in business, Uber has already proved its worth Stock Listed banks declare modest dividend for 2016 All listed banks have recommended dividends for the year ended on December 31, 2016, modestly higher, which lifted investors’ confidence Banks' Q1 earning reports jack DSE,CSE up Cement cos show mixed earnings growth in Q1 Mastercard customer banks now 19 in BD Delay in IPO approval process irks issuers Betting on how volatility a money-spinner now BSEC approves IPO, unit fund Trading through DSE mobile app rises Stocks see losses as banks dip further National ABU Media Summit ends calling for producing quality programmes The Third ABU Media Summit ended on Thursday calling for producing creative and quality programmes on climate change and disaster risk reduction to deal effectively with potential dangers of natural calamities as well as other environment related negative consequence.  "Media should further disseminate vital data on the subjects of climate change and disaster risk reduction to draw international attention," the ABU( PM for halting Muslim sectarian war EVM use depends on political consensus: CEC Shab-e-Barat being observed HC orders monitoring of women, child repression cases PM administers oath to Comilla city mayor Employment Injury Scheme for workers soon: PM Train runs over youth in Tongi 'No firecracker explosion; maintain sanctity of Shab-e-Barat' Trade and Market Dollar trades below eight-week high The dollar traded below an eight-week high against the yen on Friday, with the near-term focus on whether coming US economic data would provide the catalyst for further gains in the greenback. The dollar eased 0.1 per cent to 113.70 yen JPY=, having retreated from its eight-week high of 114.38 yen on May 10. However, the greenback has still risen 0.8 per Gold prices rise for second straight session Oil stable on hopes of OPEC deal extension Oil prices rise on falling US inventories Hero Bangladesh operation to start 2017-18 Samsung names new mobile marketing chief Gold inches up from 8-week low  Nissan forecasts unexpected 7.7pc profit drop  Shahjalal Bank celebrates 16th anniv World Trump attacks on Comey meet resistance President Donald Trump on Thursday ran into resistance for calling ousted FBI chief James Comey a ‘showboat,’ an attack that was swiftly contradicted by top US senators and the acting FBI leader, who pledged that an investigation into possible Trump campaign ties to Russia would proceed with vigor. In his first interview since firing Comey on Tuesday, Trump appeared to try to underscore that Comey's dismissal was about his performance at the Federal Bureau of Investigation and not about the Russia ... Acting FBI chief declines to say if Trump under probe Int’l court halts Pak execution of Indian on spying charge Trump’s deputy AG threatens to resign over Comey Sci-tech Microsoft halfway to its goal for Windows 10 Microsoft is expected to announce on Wednesday morning that Windows 10, the latest iteration of its flagship operating system, now Astronomers spot lava waves on Io, Jovian moon BD embrace of GMO tech can encourage developing nations World temperatures may rise 1.5 degrees Celsius by 2026 Education Challenges of e-commerce industry in Bangladesh With every cultural and national event, most Bangladeshi e-commerce sites are offering huge discounts. From electronic appliances to accessories to phones, products from every category offers  up to 50 per cent or greater price reductions. But alongside the heightened amount of orders received, businesses incur the challenge of processing orders and delivering products on time. This is a challenge that Bangladeshi e-commerce sites have not lived up to in the past; and an inability to deliver correct products on time has ... Grooming package for business students Attempts to save our national assets Online college admission process begins Tuesday Sports Lacklustre United set up Ajax final Manchester United survived a huge late scare to edge past Spanish visitors Celta Vigo and set up a Europa League Tigers warm up well before tri-nation series opener Australia security team due next week Real through to Champions League final Health India wants more Pak  patients NEW DELHI: India requested Pakistan to allow to its citizens to get medical service of India, according to a report Venezuela's maternal mortality rate soars Healthcare boost in Africa Bangladesh may begin commercialization of vitamin-enhanced rice in 2018 Entertainment Raiders cheerleaders win $1.25m in lawsuit The Oakland Raiders have been featured in the news quite heavily in the past several weeks. Most recently is a Kimmel asks Priyanka if she is dating Jonas Akshay, Ajay Bollywood's original action heroes: Rohit Shetty 'American Idol' to return on different network Politics EVM use depends on political consensus: CEC Chief Election Commissioner KM Nurul Huda on Thursday said the electronic voting machines (EVMs) would be used in the next 'Khaleda imitating Hasina' Khaleda eyes to turn BD high middle-income country by 2030 Move to open Bangladesh consulate office in Guwahati protested Country Satkhira crackdown: 36 held Police in separate drives arrested 36 people, including an activist of Jamaat-e-Islami, from different parts of the district, from Thursday Youth stabbed dead in Jhenaidah Satkhira trader jailed HC orders monitoring of women, child repression cases PHOTO GALLERY Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina presides over regular meeting of the cabinet on Monday at secretariat. –Focus Bangla Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina walks at the sea shore barefoot in Inani of Cox’s Bazar to enjoy the beauty of beach on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina attended the 15th meeting of the Business Advisory Committee of the 10th Jatiya Sangsad at the Parliamentary Standing Committee room at the Jatiya Sangsad Bhaban on Tuesday. – Focus Bangla photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina addresses a function marking the National Legal Aid Day at Osmani Memorial Auditorium in Dhaka on Friday. –UNB Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina speaks at the PM’s Special Darbar marking the 13th founding anniversary of the Rapid Action Battalion (RAB) at its Kurmitola headquarters in Dhaka on Wednesday. –Focus Bangla Photo more news German GDP rise 0.6pc in Q1 May 12, 2017, 12:38 pm SE Asian stocks flat to lower May 12, 2017, 12:19 pm Taiwan stocks retreat; dollar firms May 12, 2017, 11:57 am Facebook blocks scores of pages in Thailand May 12, 2017, 11:41 am All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 106 ISSUES DECLINED 131 Most popular Electric cars threaten oil industry May 12, 2017, 11:08 am Six per cent of ADB aid funds come to Bangladesh May 12, 2017, 12:03 pm Mexico warns US of alternatives on trade May 12, 2017, 10:38 am Brazil declares end to Zika emergency May 12, 2017, 10:48 am Oil stable on hopes of OPEC deal extension May 12, 2017, 10:49 am Trump attacks on Comey meet resistance May 12, 2017, 10:21 am Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG NORTHERN 365.10 397.00 366.00 397.00 8.74 TUNGHAI 15.50 16.50 15.40 16.40 5.81 NPOLYMAR 99.10 104.80 98.80 104.40 5.35 BDCOM 34.90 36.90 34.90 36.70 5.16 NTLTUBES 108.70 114.30 108.80 113.90 4.78 REGENTTEX 29.70 31.20 29.50 31.00 4.38 AL-HAJTEX 110.40 115.30 111.00 114.80 3.99 GQBALLPEN 88.20 93.50 88.00 91.40 3.63 LINDEBD 1230.30 1269.90 1230.10 1266.80 2.97 JMISMDL 181.90 188.00 182.20 187.20 2.91 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation NORTHERN 373.80 397.00 366.00 397.00 6.21 TUNGHAI 15.40 16.50 15.40 16.20 5.20 ATCSLGF 10.50 11.00 10.50 11.00 4.76 NTLTUBES 108.80 114.30 108.80 113.90 4.69 VAMLRBBF 8.60 9.00 8.60 9.00 4.65 BDCOM 34.90 36.90 34.90 36.50 4.59 GQBALLPEN 88.00 93.50 88.00 91.90 4.43 REGENTTEX 29.50 31.20 29.50 30.80 4.41 NPOLYMAR 100.40 104.80 98.80 104.30 3.89 ARAMIT 357.00 370.00 357.00 370.00 3.64 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG FAREASTFIN 14.90 13.50 13.50 13.50 -9.40 ILFSL 16.50 16.30 14.90 15.00 -9.09 MIDASFIN 27.10 26.80 25.30 25.60 -5.54 GSPFINANCE 31.50 31.60 29.60 29.90 -5.08 DULAMIACOT 8.20 7.90 7.80 7.80 -4.88 FIRSTFIN 14.80 15.30 14.10 14.10 -4.73 UNIONCAP 28.60 28.40 27.20 27.30 -4.55 FASFIN 20.10 20.00 18.90 19.20 -4.48 PRAGATIINS 35.90 36.40 34.00 34.50 -3.90 PREMIERLEA 20.80 21.20 19.90 20.00 -3.85 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ILFSL 16.30 16.30 14.90 14.90 -8.59 GSPFINANCE 31.50 31.60 29.60 29.60 -6.03 CENTRALINS 23.60 24.20 22.30 22.30 -5.51 PRIMEINSUR 20.70 20.70 19.40 19.80 -4.35 PRIMETEX 27.90 28.00 26.70 26.70 -4.30 RDFOOD 18.80 18.80 17.90 18.00 -4.26 FIRSTFIN 15.00 15.30 14.10 14.40 -4.00 ISLAMICFIN 25.40 25.60 24.30 24.40 -3.94 EXIM1STMF 7.70 7.70 7.20 7.40 -3.90 SEBL1STMF 14.00 14.00 13.50 13.50 -3.57 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 20072008200920102011201220132014201520162017 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2017. All rights reserved Powered by :
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Boeing Suspends 737 MAX Flights Due to Engine Issue ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Boeing Suspends 737 MAX Flights Due to Engine Issue Published May 11, 2017 Industries Reuters Facebook Twitter Print A new Boeing 737MAX sits parked on the tarmac at Boeing Field (Reuters) Boeing said on Wednesday it had temporarily halted test flights of its new 737 MAX aircraft due to an issue with the engine, which is jointly made by General Electric and Safran of France. Continue Reading Below The grounding comes days before Boeing was due to deliver its first 737 MAX to an airline and marks a high-profile delay in a program that Boeing had said was ahead of schedule. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 MAX but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. Boeing and engine maker CFM said they do not know how long the delay will last. Boeing shares fell 1.3 percent to $183.15 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange. GE shares were down 0.9 percent at $28.67. The 737 MAX replaces an older version of Boeing's best-selling single-aisle aircraft, a key moneymaker for the aerospace company. The 737 MAX 8, the first version of the plane to be built, seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration. It carries a list price of $110 million but airlines typically receive steep discounts. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT A delay in getting aircraft to customers likely would cause a build up in Boeing's inventory, "as planes essentially sit waiting for engines," said analyst Rob Stallard at Vertical Research Partners. "Investors are acutely focused" on the risks of speeding up production of the new engine, known as the LEAP-1B, he said. Separately, Airbus said it was continuing flights with its A320neo, which is powered by the similar LEAP-1A engine and is flying customers. Malaysian carrier Malindo Air was set to receive the first 737 MAX delivery on Monday and use the jet for its Kuala Lumpur-Singapore route from May 19. But Malindo CEO Chandran Rama Muthy told Reuters that it does not plan to use the plane until May 22, without elaborating on the reason for the delay. Norwegian Air Shuttle, which was due to receive its first 737 MAX near the end of May, said it expected a "a few days' delay." "This will, however, not delay the launch of our upcoming trans-Atlantic routes from the United States to Edinburgh,” spokesman Anders Lindstrom said in an email. Southwest Airlines, the initial customer for the 737 MAX, said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Southwest is expected to begin receiving the jet later in the year after it retires some older 737s. American Airlines Group, which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment. The issue arose late last week when Safran found a quality problem in a large metal disc used in the low-pressure turbine at the rear of the engine, said Jamie Jewell, a spokesman for the engine maker, CFM International. CFM notified Boeing, which immediately grounded the fleet of about 21 planes. GE spokesman Rick Kennedy said the disc that prompted the concern had not been installed in an engine. "There have been no issues whatsoever with engines in the field," Jewell said. All of the 30 to 40 engines that have been built so far will be sent either to Lafayette, Indiana, or Villaroche, France, for inspection, Kennedy said. Many will need to be removed from aircraft and shipped, Jewell said. It was not clear how long the inspections would take to complete. Safran received the disc from a supplier but there are other suppliers of that part so production of the engine was continuing, Kennedy said.   (Additional reporting by Alana Wise and A. Ananthalakshmi in Kuala Lumpur,; Editing by Bill Trott and Edwina Gibbs) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, May 12, 2017 2:57 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Disney, Boeing hit Dow; Nasdaq ends at another record Thursday May 11, 2017 09:34 AM GMT+8 ICYMI Singapore’s top universities, NUS and NTU, hit by cyber-attacks The Edit: Erythritol identified as marker for weight gain The Edit: Check out this new trailer for ‘The Hitman’s Bodyguard’ Metro founder’s grandson acquitted of trafficking in Singapore Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Boeing fell 1.3 per cent on news it suspended flight tests of its new 737 plane because of engine problems. — Reuters picNEW YORK, May 11 — Weakness in Boeing and Disney hit the Dow yesterday, but the Nasdaq edged to another record as investors digested — and brushed off — President Donald Trump’s shock firing of FBI director James Comey. Disney was the biggest loser in the blue-chip index, shedding 2.2 per cent on worries about its ESPN sports network, while Boeing fell 1.3 per cent on news it suspended flight tests of its new 737 plane because of engine problems. Analysts were surprised markets didn’t react more to the Comey firing, which has raised echoes of Watergate, the 1970s political scandal that ended Richard Nixon’s presidency. The FBI is investigating Russian ties to the White House, and Comey had reportedly asked for more funds to pursue the case. “The big story of the day really is the market is taking the Comey firing pretty well, considering it further decreases the prospects for tax reform, infrastructure spending, any sort of stimulus,” said Karl Haeling of LBBW. “To me, it’s one more confirmation that what’s driving the market is not really expectations for fiscal stimulus. It’s really driven more by earnings.” With declines in some major shares, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 0.2 per cent to close the session at 20,943.11. But the broad-based S&P 500 gained 0.1 per cent to 2,399.63, as did tech-rich Nasdaq Composite Index which ended at 6,129.14, its fourth straight record close. Abercrombie & Fitch surged 12.2 per cent following reports it is in talks with at least two companies on a possible takeover. Organic grocery chain Whole Foods Market fell 0.9 on reports it plans to replace more than half of its 12 directors following pressure from activist fund Jana Partners. Energy companies advanced as oil prices rose, with Dow member Chevron winning 1.4 per cent, ConocoPhillips 2.9 per cent and Halliburton 1.7 per cent. Other companies with big share price moves after earnings reports included Electronic Arts, up 13.1 per cent, Nvidia, up 17.8 per cent, Priceline, down 4.5 per cent and Yelp, down 18.4 per cent. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Xi's US$500b push to reshape the world in China's image Two more firms win contracts for KL-Singapore HSR project Apple products too many for a table but still add growth South Korea orders recalls for Hyundai, Kia after whistleblower report Najib confident Digital Free Trade Zone will be new economic hub Fitch unit predicts ECRL, upgraded Kuantan port to boost East Coast economy High debt, stagnant wages to hobble Malaysia’s growth in 2017, says economist Zcash, the virtual money making its mark IJM Perennial unveils its RM4.5b Penang waterfront development Bursa to trend higher towards 1,770 points level next week Most Watched Now Week NYT Video: How Danny DeVito eats an egg (and still says his lines) on Broadway Innovative globe chess board Reuters Video: Acting FBI director refutes White House claims on Comey Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles S&P 500, Nasdaq eke out records as Apple gains Nasdaq ends above 6,000 for first time as US stocks rally again Wall St dips as oil snaps four-day rally Wall Street rises as hawkish Fed boosts financial stocks Energy weighs on Wall St but Costco shines Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Boeing halts 737 Max test on cusp of debut after engine snag File photo of a Boeing 737 MAX 9 airplane.PHOTO: AFP PublishedMay 11, 2017, 8:40 am SGT UpdatedMay 11, 2017, 1:26 pm More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46Y4 Copy CHICAGO/NEW YORK (BLOOMBERG) - Boeing is temporarily suspending flights of its new 737 Max jetliner because of a potential manufacturing flaw in the engines, marring the commercial debut for the fastest-selling plane in company history. The jetmaker and its engine supplier, a venture of General Electric and Safran, are rushing to understand the problem ahead of the aircraft's first delivery, which remains scheduled for later this month. Boeing said a possible quality defect in the Leap engine's low-pressure turbine discs was discovered during inspections and hadn't affected flight testing of the upgraded 737. The grounding added to concerns about the strain on suppliers as the US manufacturer and European rival Airbus unveil new aircraft models while ramping up single-aisle production to record levels. Boeing is counting on a smooth start for the 737 Max, the newest version of a plane that is the company's largest source of profit, as it seeks to boost cash flow. Boeing shares fell 1.2 per cent to US$183.18 at the close in New York, the second-biggest decline on the Dow Jones Industrial Average, after adjusting for the beginning of trading without the right to a dividend. GE dropped 0.8 per cent to US$28.70. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up The Max has accumulated 3,714 orders before its commercial debut but is still racing to catch up to Airbus's A320neo. The latest 737 model is slated to be handed over this month to Malindo Air and Norwegian Air Shuttle. Other major customers with deliveries this year include Southwest Airlines and American Airlines Group. Malindo, an affiliate of Indonesian carrier PT Lion Mentari Airlines, didn't respond to an email seeking comment. It had expected to take the 737 Max early next week, advertising that commercial service would begin May 19. In 2012, Lion announced the signing of a US$22.4 billion order with Boeing. Other Asian customers for the Max include SpiceJet in India, Singapore-based lessor BOC Aviation, VietJet Aviation Joint Stock Co in Vietnam and the continent's biggest carrier China Southern Airlines. "This doesn't look like a serious concern," Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen & Co, said in a note to clients. The engine problem is "not a design shortfall but what appears to be an easily fixable sub-tier supplier component issue." Both CFM and rival Pratt & Whitney, which together make the bulk of engines for narrow-body commercial jets, have encountered faults as they've churned out turbines over the past year. Airbus has fallen behind in deliveries of its A320neo family of aircraft as Pratt's cutting-edge geared turbofan engine encounters durability issues and production snarls. Executives of Air Lease Corp, a Los Angeles-based aircraft lessor, warned during an earnings call last week that a CFM-powered model was also encountering delays. CFM faces a steep production increase for the Leap, as Boeing and Airbus plot to increase narrow-body production by 33 per cent through the decade's end. After delivering 77 of the engines last year, 28 fewer than it had predicted, CFM has targeted producing about 500 Leap this year and about 2,000 in 2020. "It's important that this gets straightened out pronto," Nicholas Heymann, an analyst at William Blair & Co, said of the engine issue. Bladed discs, located in the hot section of a turbofan engine, pull energy from the hot gases of the combustor to produce thrust. The components must be able to withstand extreme stresses and high temperatures inside the engine. The impact on airline customers eager to show off the brand-new planes wasn't immediately apparent. Boeing has several unaffected engines available that it could swap to avoid lengthy delays on initial deliveries, Alder said. For Norwegian, also awaiting its first Max this month, the inspections "will result in a few days' delay" but aren't expected to disrupt the carrier's new trans-Atlantic flights starting next month, spokesman Anders Lindstrom said in an email. The carrier had expected to take five more of the single-aisle planes in June. Southwest and American said they hadn't been notified of any changes to their Max delivery schedules. Southwest is the second-biggest customer for the Max after Lion Air, with 200 on order, while American has ordered 100 of the planes. On-time delivery of Southwest's Max planes is critical because the Dallas-based airline is counting on them to fill a gap when it retires its oldest aircraft on Oct 1. Southwest is set to take delivery of its first Max in July, the airline's chief financial officer said in January. American is scheduled to receive four Max aircraft this year, the first in the third quarter. Topics:  AIRLINES AIR SAFETY More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46Y4 Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content housead_2016oct29_354x235.jpg SPH deepens foray in content marketing with BrandInsider relaunch ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 12 May 2017 | MYT 7:13 AM Boeing must clear 737 MAX engines with US regulator to fly again Boeing had been set to deliver the first 737 MAX on Monday to Malindo Air of Malaysia SEATTLE: Boeing Co must get the go-ahead from the U.S. aviation regulator in order to put its 737 MAX jetliner back into the air after the planemaker announced on Wednesday it had grounded the new aircraft due to an engine problem, just as it was scheduled to deliver the first one to Malindo airlines The regulatory hurdle could push back the resumption of 737 MAX flights, a potentially serious issue for Boeing if it delays the scheduled first deliveries of the $110 million plane to airlines this month. The delivery of a plane is a crucial step for Boeing since it receives the bulk of its payment when it turns over the aircraft keys and airlines fly their new planes home from the factory. Boeing and engine maker CFM International must submit data to the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration and the FAA has to "review it and determine that those engines can be cleared for flight," said Jamie Jewell a spokesman for CFM, a joint venture between General Electric Co and Safran SA of France. It was not immediately clear how long that process might take. The FAA spokeswoman said she was checking on the matter. Boeing said it still plans to deliver the first of the planes to customers this month. It said on Wednesday it had suspended 737 MAX test flights due to a quality issue with some of the low-pressure turbine discs in the engine, known as the LEAP-1B. The nickel-based alloy discs had a flaw from forging that could make them prone to cracking, Jewell said, adding that discs from a second supplier were not affected. However, the FAA review applies to all LEAP-1B engines, Jewell said, not just the 30 to 40 with suspected bad parts. "In their mind, all LEAP-1B engines are equal," she said. KEY MONEYMAKER Boeing has engines at the factory without the suspected parts, but CFM and Boeing "have to demonstrate to the FAA's satisfaction that the issue is not present," Jewell said. The engines could be installed in short order once approval is granted, Jewell said. The "suspect engines" will be shipped to CFM facilities in the United States and France for inspection and possible repair. Safran said earlier Thursday that it expected inspections to be completed within a few weeks. "We are doing everything to ensure that the first delivery can go ahead in May," Safran Aircraft Engines' Chief Executive Olivier Andries told reporters. The 737 MAX replaces an older version of Boeing's best-selling single-aisle aircraft, a key moneymaker for the aerospace company. The 737 MAX 8, the first version of the plane to be built, seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration. Boeing had been set to deliver the first 737 MAX on Monday to Malindo Air of Malaysia. Boeing has built up an inventory of planes outside its Renton, Washington, factory, and at a nearby Seattle airport known as Boeing Field. Reuters counted 23 Boeing 737 MAX airplanes at the facilities this week, excluding test aircraft. The 737 MAX 8 carries a list price of $110 million but typically sells at a steep discount. Earlier Reuters reported that France's Safran said inspections of new-generation LEAP engines supplied to Boeing <BA.N> for the latest version of its 737 aircraft are expected to be completed within a few weeks and ruled out a design fault as the cause of problems that halted test flights. The French engine maker is scrambling to transport dozens of engine turbines back from the United States, only days before Boeing had been due to start deliveries of the new 737 MAX. Boeing said on Wednesday that it was suspending 737 MAX test flights while CFM International, an engine venture co-owned by Safran and General Electric, conducted checks after a quality problem was found in a turbine disc. The problem is not related to the part's design and does not suggest deeper problems in the industry's tightly stretched supply chain, Safran Aircraft Engines' Chief Executive Olivier Andries told reporters. "There will be a temporary disruption to the logistics, which we hope to fix within a few weeks," said Andries at a French factory where production is being ramped up to meet demand for the LEAP engine. A similar factory is based in Ohio. The LEAP-1B engine is produced for Boeing. A LEAP-1A model made for Airbus A320neo jets is not affected, Andries said. CFM's shareholders said last month that between 450 and 500 LEAP engines are expected to be delivered this year rather than the previously stated 500. Andries said production of engines would not be affected because a second supplier for the same part was boosting its supplies. CFM aims to deliver "as close as possible to 500" in total for Boeing, Airbus and China's COMAC, he said. Still, Safran's share price was dented by the renewed focus on ambitious production schedules that had previously suffered barely a glitch. EXECUTION RISK "Late-stage discoveries occur on many new aircraft and engine programs, and the cost impact historically has tended to be low to immaterial in our experience," said Harry Breach, analyst at wealth management firm Raymond James. "Nonetheless, this incident highlights execution risk on the key LEAP program." Shares in Safran, which is aiming to complete a merger with parts maker Zodiac Aerospace, fell 2.2 percent to 75.82 euros by the close, among the worst performers on a CAC-40 index down 0.3 percent. The head of Malaysia Airlines, which has ordered 25 Boeing 737 MAX jets, said he was not worried about the engine snag. The first 737 MAX was due to be delivered next week to smaller Indonesian-owned Malaysian carrier Malindo Air. "I don’t see it affecting at all the introduction of the aircraft," Malaysia Airlines chief Peter Bellew told Reuters on the sidelines of a CAPA airline conference in Dublin. Despite the setback on the eve of Boeing's first delivery, Safran said it had overtaken rival Pratt & Whitney as the engine supplier for most Airbus A320neo-family jets now in service and outlined new production techniques designed to speed output. Pratt & Whitney has had a spate of problems with its new Geared Turbofan engine but says fixes are on the way. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Airlines , Corporate News , Investing Related Stories You May Be Interested Breakfast briefing: Friday, May 12 (Update) Noble Group plunges for second day, surprise loss stokes debt worries CPO price on a short term rebound Diary Malaysia Friday May 12 Stronger earnings ahead for SP Setia, says CIMB Research Seven reasons to get an iPhone now Others Also Read New one-way road to ease congestion Feyenoord in second chance for Dutch title Netflix adds 400 jobs in Europe Property Related advertisement Latest News China launches emergency probe on banks to check risky lending Thai Q1 GDP growth seen at fastest pace in 4 years Najib confident DFTZ will be new hub of digital economy March natural rubber output down 7.4% Noble Group plunges for second day, surprise loss stokes debt worries Most Viewed in Business Johari: Arul Kanda removed from Bandar Malaysia Mega deal loss spells joy for UMW Oil & Gas EPF sells UK office building to Chinese Estates for RM980mil Noble Group plunges for second day, surprise loss stokes debt worries High school dropout turns billionaire Sarawak timber companies take a hit from higher taxes Genting, Maybank shore up KLCI at midday Southeast Asia ride-hailing service Grab says open to more acquisitions Najib confident DFTZ will be new hub of digital economy Astro launches NJOI Now advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
News Opinion Sports Entertainment 46° Full Menu 46° Home Customer Service Customer Service About Us Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Business Crime Databases Death Notices Education Local News Military News Obituaries Politics & Government State Traffic Watchdog Weather Opinion Opinion Cartoons Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Sports Sports College High School Preps Stats Mariners Seahawks Sounders UW Huskies Politics Politics Living Living Announcements Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Comics Puzzles & Games Events Calendar Horoscopes Movies Restaurants Outdoors Outdoors Fishing Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:33 A part of WW2 history lands at the Olympic Flight Museum Pause 1:36 COMMERCIAL: Kraft Mac & Cheese celebrates swearing 'like a mother' 3:05 News conference about incident at Hawkins Middle School 1:03 Semitrailer accident snarls I-5 traffic 0:14 Semitrailer accident snarls I-5 traffic 1:33 How to respond if you receive a robocall 9:56 Capitol Happy Hour: Paid family leave – plus the state Senate's weird traditions 0:43 Jackknifed semi blocks southbound I-5 in Olympia 0:43 Yelm's Jaeden Ells talks playoffs after hitting game-winning HR against Gig Harbor 2:07 Olympic silver medalist Travis Stevens is welcomed home in Lakewood Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Picture-perfect weather was the order of the day as the WW2-era, B-17G bomber "Aluminum Overcast" prowled the skies over the South Sound with a series of three combined media and guest flights. Staging from the Olympic Flight Museum and operated by the EAA Cascade Warbird Squadron #2, the historic bomber will be offering public tours and rides May 12-14. A B-17 tail gunner during the war, 93-year-old Fred Parker of Lacey, recounts that time Steve Bloom sbloom@theolympian.com Entertainment May 11, 2017 3:50 PM Ride aboard one of the bombers made famous during World War II By Jeffrey P. Mayor jmayor@thenewstribune.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story By most of today’s airline standards, this flight leaves a lot to be desired. The seats are uncomfortable and don’t recline. Smoke spews from the engines as they start up. There’s no in-flight entertainment system nor do you get a minibag of snack mix. The brakes squeal, loudly. And when the engines power up for takeoff, oh, the noise. It makes a flight even on publicity-challenged United seem good. What makes it all worthwhile, though, is the opportunity to ride aboard a World War II-era B-17 bomber. The Experimental Aircraft Association and its Cascade Warbird Squadron No. 2 is offering rides aboard Aluminum Overcast on Friday (May 12) through Sunday as the centerpiece of activities at the Olympic Flight Museum. “This plane should be in a museum, behind velvet ropes,” said Neil Morrison of Port Townsend, one of the pilots flying the bomber Wednesday. “But here, you get a chance to ride a flying piece of history,” chimed in Matt Ott, crew chief. Throughout the war, more than 12,700 B-17s were built, including more than 6,900 at Boeing Plant 2 in Seattle. “Aluminum Overcast” is just one of about a dozen B-17s still capable of flying. There are fewer than 50 complete airframes still in existence. This particular Flying Fortress, a B-17G model, was built in May 1945 in Burbank, California, under a license from Boeing by Vega Aircaft Co., now Lockheed Martin. Too late to be sent into action, the plane was destined to be scrapped. Before it could be cut up, the plane was purchased in 1946 for $750 and began a civilian career that included aerial mapping, fire fighting and hauling cattle. The plane was retired in 1976. In 1978, a private group bought the airplane and restored it to commemorate the original Aluminum Overcast that was shot down in August 1944 while over France during its 34th combat mission. In 1979, the aircraft was donated to the Experimental Aircraft Association. It was on display until 1983, when a 10-year restoration effort began to make the plane airworthy again. Now, as the plane tours the country, anyone has a chance to experience a flight aboard one of the most famous planes from World War II. On a series of preview flights Wednesday, eight B-17 veterans were on hand to take to the sky once again aboard a familiar plane. Among them was 93-year-old Fred Parker of Lacey. He survived 33 missions as a tail gunner. Parker was somber for a moment as he looked across the tarmac toward the plane. “The guys that didn’t make it back, that’s what I think about when I see that plane,” he said. But Parker was unabashed in his admiration for the rugged bomber. “We never came back with all four engines running,” he said. “There were times we shouldn’t have made it back, but those planes hung in there.” As the plane soared over downtown Olympia, bumping in the thermals of a sunny day, younger passengers moving about the plane could only guess what Parker and his crew mates experienced. But they thrilled at the opportunity to sit in the nose of the plane, looking out the expanse of Plexiglass of the bombardier’s station. The waist gunner positions offered great views as the plane circled the Capitol. With the Plexiglass removed, you could stick a camera out the port above the radio operator’s station. After the short flight and the plane came to a stop on the ramp, the 10 passengers burst into applause, letting out whoops of excitement and thanks. It was, after all, no ordinary flight aboard just any plane. Visit Aluminum Overcast What: The B-17 bomber will be at the Olympic Flight Museum. It will be open for ground tours and flights will be offered. The flight experience is about an hour long, with 24 minutes spent in the air. When in the air, passengers can move around the plane. Also on hand will be military re-enactors and other displays. When: Friday (May 12)-Sunday. Where: Olympic Flight Museum, 7637 Old Highway 99 SE, Olympia. Cost: Museum admission is $5. Ground tours on “Aluminum Overcast” are $10 a person or $20 a family. Flights paid in advance are $409 for Experimental Aircraft Association members and $449 for nonmembers, or $435 and $475 when purchased at the airport. Information: Flight reservations can be made at b17.org or 800-359-6217. cascadewarbirds.org, olympicflightmuseum.com. World War II bombardiers would have outstanding views for their chair aboard a B-17 like the “Aluminum Overcast,” which is visiting the South Sound this weekend. On Wednesday, members of the media and guests were allowed to take a flight around South Sound from the Olympic Flight Museum in Olympia. The historic bomber will be offering public tours and rides from Friday (May 12)-Sunday from the airport. Steve Bloom sbloom@theolympian.com Lacey resident Fred Parker, 93, recalls the harrowing 33 missions he had during World War II as a machine-gunner Wednesday while sitting aboard the B-17G bomber “Aluminum Overcast.” Steve Bloom sbloom@theolympian.com The World War II-era B-17G bomber “Aluminum Overcast” lands Wednesday afternoon at the Olympia Regional Airport after a short flight over the South Sound. The historic bomber will be available for public tours and rides Friday (May 12) through Sunday from the Olympic Flight Museum in Olympia. Steve Bloom sbloom@theolympian.com A tail gunner for 33 missions, 93-year-old Lacey resident Fred Parker recalls Wednesday those harrowing days while sitting in the aft section of the World War II-era B-17G bomber “Aluminum Overcast” at the Olympia Regional Airport. Steve Bloom sbloom@theolympian.com Picture-perfect views can be seen from the World War II-era B-17G bomber “Aluminum Overcast” on Wednesday as it flew over South Sound. The plane will be on display this weekend at the Olympic Flight Museum at the Olympia Regional Airport. Tours and rides are available Friday (May 12) through Sunday. Steve Bloom sbloom@theolympian.com 1 of 5 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:33 A part of WW2 history lands at the Olympic Flight Museum Pause 1:36 COMMERCIAL: Kraft Mac & Cheese celebrates swearing 'like a mother' 3:05 News conference about incident at Hawkins Middle School 1:03 Semitrailer accident snarls I-5 traffic 0:14 Semitrailer accident snarls I-5 traffic 1:33 How to respond if you receive a robocall 9:56 Capitol Happy Hour: Paid family leave – plus the state Senate's weird traditions 0:43 Jackknifed semi blocks southbound I-5 in Olympia 0:43 Yelm's Jaeden Ells talks playoffs after hitting game-winning HR against Gig Harbor 2:07 Olympic silver medalist Travis Stevens is welcomed home in Lakewood Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 7 days ago COMMERCIAL: Kraft Mac & Cheese celebrates swearing 'like a mother' 1:36 7 days ago COMMERCIAL: Kraft Mac & Cheese celebrates swearing 'like a mother' 0:48 15 days ago Johnny Depp surprises fans at Disneyland as Captain Jack Sparrow 2:30 16 days ago Trailer: Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 View More Video Entertainment ’80s TV star will be among the craft at the Wooden Boat Festival ‘Sleeping Beauty’ will be swan song for Ballet Northwest teen Tickets for May 12 Even with Schumer and Hawn, ‘Snatched’ is a huge disappointment Latest version of ‘King Arthur’ different in approach, but not great Entertainment Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store RSS Feeds Contests Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Submit a Photo Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper While You Were Sleeping: 5 stories you might have missed, May 12 edition Video of Scoot collects its newest Dreamliner as it aims to expand into the long-haul market A ribbon cutting ceremony in Seattle was held as Scoot collected its newest 787 Dreamliner.ST VIDEO: ADRIAN LIM Published9 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46dH Copy Scoot collects its newest Dreamliner as it aims to expand into the long-haul market Low-cost carrier Scoot collected its newest 787 Dreamliner from Boeing's delivery centre in Everett. While it is the 14th addition to Scoot's family of Dreamliners, the delivery of the wide-bodied plane is a milestone in the airline's plans to expand to new, long-haul markets. The new 787, which can carry 329 passengers, is just the second in Scoot's fleet to be fitted with overhead bunks for flight and cabin crew to rest. Crew bunks are not required for flights of up to about 10 and a half hours, but in June (2017) Scoot will start flying its longest route, an 11-and-a-half-hour flight from Singapore to Athens. It's longest service now is the nine-hour Singapore-Jeddah route. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up The plane will fly off from the Paine Field airport, near the delivery centre, and is expected to land in Changi Airport at about 5pm on Friday, Singapore time. The flight is expected to take about 15 hours and 45 minutes. READ MORE HERE Donald Trump says it was his decision to fire FBI chief James Comey, calls him a 'showboat' President Donald Trump called ousted FBI chief James Comey a “showboat” and “grandstander,” but its acting leader contradicted the President and promised the agency’s probe into possible Trump campaign ties to Russia would proceed with vigour. Trump, facing Democratic accusations that he fired Comey on Tuesday to hinder the FBI investigation into alleged meddling by Russia in the 2016 US presidential election, said he would have taken the action even without a recommendation to do so by the two top Justice Department officials. That ran counter to previous administration explanations of Comey’s dismissal. READ MORE HERE Italians are first couple to conquer world's 14 highest summits Two Italian climbers made it to the top of Nepal's Annapurna peak, and at the same time set a record as the first couple to conquer the world's 14 highest mountains. Romano Benet and his wife Nives Meroi, both 55, reached the 8,091m Annapurna summit on Thursday morning, without using oxygen or porters just as they have in all their ascents, according to the Italian daily Corriere della Sera. The final climb to the top starting at an altitude of 7,200m was "the hardest but also the most beautiful," Meroi told her sister Leila, the newspaper said. READ MORE HERE Football: Man United cling on against Celta to reach Europa League final Manchester United survived a fraught finale, featuring an ugly brawl and a red card for each side, to draw 1-1 at home to Celta Vigo and reach the Europa League final. United, who won 2-1 on aggregate, will face Ajax Amsterdam in Stockholm on May 24 after the Dutch side overcame Olympqiue Lyonnais 5-4 on aggregate after a 3-1 defeat in Lyon. Leading 1-0 from the first leg of the semi-final in Spain, United thought they had killed off the tie when Marouane Fellaini headed them in front after 17 minutes. READ MORE HERE  Tennis: Murray bows out as Nadal, Djokovic march on in Madrid World number one Andy Murray’s slump in form continued as he crashed out of the Madrid Masters third round 6-3, 6-3 to lucky loser Borna Coric. Rafael Nadal extended his flawless record on clay this season to 12-0 with a 6-3, 6-1 destruction of Nick Kyrgios. And defending champion Novak Djokovic also eased into the quarter-finals with a 6-4, 7-5 win over Feliciano Lopez. READ MORE HERE Topics:  WHILE YOU WERE SLEEPING More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46dH Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content housead_2016oct29_354x235.jpg SPH deepens foray in content marketing with BrandInsider relaunch ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Construction begins on Boeing delivery center in China Dan Catchpole Thu May 11th, 2017 3:45pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. ZHOUSHAN, China — Construction started Thursday on the Boeing Co.’s first overseas plant. The facility, located in Zhoushan, China, is a critical piece of Boeing’s strategy for expanding its presence in the fast-growing Chinese civil aviation market. The plant will install interiors, paint and deliver 737 airplanes to customers in the country. Interiors installation and painting will be done as a joint venture between Boeing and the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China, Ltd. (COMAC). The delivery center is owned by Boeing, according to the airplane maker. COMAC is developing its own competitor to Boeing’s single-aisle 737. COMAC’s C919 had a successful maiden flight in early May. Boeing announced plans to expand to Zhoushan, which is in the Zhejiang Province of southeastern China, in September 2015. The center will “enhance Boeing’s market access to the world’s largest airplane market,” the company said. Boeing’s rival, the Airbus Group, opened an A320 final assembly line in Tianjin, China, in 2008 and started construction in 2016 on an A330 delivery center in China.   Most Read Associate dean hired to oversee WSU medical training in Everett EVERETT — A former chief medical officer at Providence Regional Medical Center… May 10th, 2017 by Herald Staff How recession led Lynnwood sisters to open car auction EDMONDS — When two Lynnwood-raised sisters lost their jobs during the recession… May 10th, 2017 by Jennifer Sasseen Julie Muhlstein EvCC panel discussions get real over fake news We get our news primarily from social media. That assertion, by an… May 10th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein Woman, 80, who bilked ailing neighbor, ordered to pay $23K EVERETT — An 80-year-old Everett woman plans to sell her house to… May 10th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Meetings seek input on fixes to Highways 9, 204 interchange LAKE STEVENS — Transportation engineers are seeking feedback on five ideas to… May 10th, 2017 by Kari Bray © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Creative Boeing filed, or received 2,266 patents in 2016 Dan Catchpole Thu May 11th, 2017 3:35pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — Boeing workers were some of the most creative in the world in 2016. Last year, the company was awarded or applied for 2,266 patents with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, according to data compiled by Sqoop, a data-mining website. That was the 24th highest among companies. Samsung finished first with 20,875, followed by IBM with 16,862 and LG at 8,997. Microsoft had the highest tally among Washington-based companies. The tech giant had 5,566 patent awards and applications in 2016, good enough for 8th highest among all companies. That is up from 2015, when it had 4,843. Amazon had the 34th highest tally with 1,659 last year. In 2015, it had 1,133 patent awards and applications. Boeing recorded a total of 1,936 in 2015.   Most Read Associate dean hired to oversee WSU medical training in Everett EVERETT — A former chief medical officer at Providence Regional Medical Center… May 10th, 2017 by Herald Staff How recession led Lynnwood sisters to open car auction EDMONDS — When two Lynnwood-raised sisters lost their jobs during the recession… May 10th, 2017 by Jennifer Sasseen Julie Muhlstein EvCC panel discussions get real over fake news We get our news primarily from social media. That assertion, by an… May 10th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein Woman, 80, who bilked ailing neighbor, ordered to pay $23K EVERETT — An 80-year-old Everett woman plans to sell her house to… May 10th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Meetings seek input on fixes to Highways 9, 204 interchange LAKE STEVENS — Transportation engineers are seeking feedback on five ideas to… May 10th, 2017 by Kari Bray © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media

Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Money Briefs: UK will hike rates faster if Brexit is smooth Published10 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46AW Copy UK will hike rates faster if Brexit is smooth LONDON • The Bank of England said it may need to raise interest rates faster than the market suggests, assuming that Brexit goes well, its Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) said yesterday. While it did not say what deal would be best for Britain, its latest forecasts are based on the assumption that the adjustment to a new relationship with the European Union is "smooth". That means avoiding the so-called cliff edge where Britain leaves after the two-year negotiation period without transitional arrangements in place. The MPC panel kept the benchmark interest rate at a record-low 0.25 per cent. In a quarterly update, officials cut their forecast for growth this year to 1.9 per cent from 2 per cent. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up BLOOMBERG Firm aims to fix Boeing engine glitch in weeks VILLAROCHE • The head of Safran's aircraft engines division said his firm aimed to fix a Boeing plane engine glitch within weeks, after Boeing had to suspend test flights on a flagship new aircraft. Boeing said on Wednesday it had halted test flights of its new 737 MAX aircraft due to an issue with the engine, made by Safran-GE joint-venture CFM International. Boeing uses a version of the engine called Leap-1B. The suspension came after Safran discovered a quality problem in turbine discs provided by one of two suppliers, and it is not related to the part's design, Safran Aircraft Engines chief executive Olivier Andries said. Boeing's test flight halt comes days before it is due to deliver its first 737 MAX to Malaysia's Malindo Air. REUTERS A version of this article appeared in the print edition of The Straits Times on May 12, 2017, with the headline 'Money Briefs'. Print Edition | Subscribe Topics:  CENTRAL BANKS BANKS AND FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS AVIATION/AEROSPACE SECTOR More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46AW Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content housead_2016oct29_354x235.jpg SPH deepens foray in content marketing with BrandInsider relaunch ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Sections Home The Corner Bench Memos Morning Jolt The G-File Magazine Photo Essays Podcasts All Articles Search Donate E-mails & Alerts Subscribe Print Subscribe Digital Store Advertising About Contact Privacy NR Institute The Corner National Review Login The Corner The one and only. If the Ex-Im Bank Is Going to Survive, It Should Be Reformed Share article on Facebookshare Tweet articletweet Plus one article on Google Plus+1 Print Article Adjust font size AA AA AA AA AA AA AA by Veronique de Rugy May 11, 2017 4:17 PM Back in April, President Trump announced the nomination of former New Jersey Representative Scott Garrett to be president of the Export-Import Bank. Garrett would replace Fred Hochberg, a longtime liberal and devoted friend of the Clintons. Trump also announced the nomination of former Representative Spencer T. Bachus III to the Ex-Im Bank’s board. When it comes to the Bank, the only thing the nominees have in common is that they were former Republican congressmen. However, they differ widely in their views on the Bank. On one hand, we have Representative Garrett who was a great ally in the fight some of us in the free-market movement led against the crony agency over the last four years. On the other hand, you have Representative Bachus who has repeatedly embraced the redistribution of privileges from the federal government to large and wealthy manufacturers and foreign companies in the name of our need to boost U.S. exports – in spite of evidence that the Bank accomplishes neither goal. Unfortunately, the ideological differences that exist between the two men don’t matter much to those of us who have fought hard to see this quintessential example of cronyism disappear once and for all. If the two are confirmed, the Bank will return to full operational capacity after some 20 months in which the agency was unable to extend loans exceeding $10 million due to the lack of a board quorum. Indeed, since July 1, 2015, the Bank has been unable to engage in its most outrageous activities: extending billions of dollars in direct or guaranteed loans to foreign firms so that they can buy goods — goods they likely would have bought without the handout — from multinational companies such as Boeing and General Electric. GE CEO Jeff Immelt has argued repeatedly that the government’s failure to finance his buyers’ loans (or to back them with taxpayer dollars) is outrageous, while at the same time railing against President Trump’s anti-trade position. That’s funny since it is the existence of industrial policies that try to artificially boost U.S. exports, through agencies such as the Ex-Im Bank, that make Trump’s trade policy “protectionist.” But you can understand why GE loves the handouts provided by Ex-Im, even if the company doesn’t really need them: They boost the company’s profit artificially and give it an edge over competitors. GE loves those handouts so much that it actually receives them from many other governments. In fact, the company — which employs more people outside of the U.S. than domestically — is one of the top-ten beneficiaries of the European version of the Ex-Im Bank. It is worth noting that both GE and Boeing are also major players pushing for the destructive border-adjustment tax that would eliminate all taxes on revenue generated by exports. That’s a sweet deal for them — but awful for importers who get stuck with the bill. These companies are a great example of why Milton Friedman and my colleague Matthew Mitchell often said/say that cronysim is the greatest threat to capitalism: We now have many companies that rely on extracting major favors from the government at our expenses. They want low taxes and light regulations with a side of government subsidies, cheap loans, and government rents. Back to Garrett, it is pretty funny to see how the many pro–Ex-Im Bank lawmakers in Congress are freaking out about Garrett’s nomination. “I think there is a legitimate concern about whether this nominee will fulfill the commitment we have to American workers to get the bank up and running,” said Senator Heidi Heitkamp, Democrat of North Dakota, who helped make the case to Mr. Trump that keeping the bank alive was aligned with his goals of promoting American manufacturing. “You have to make sure you are not putting someone there who is a saboteur.” And here is what Republican senator Lindsey Graham had to say: “You can want to reform the bank, that’s OK,” said Sen. Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican and bank supporter. “If you’re going to try to be a Trojan horse, try to shut down the bank, you probably won’t get confirmed. . . . I just don’t want somebody who doesn’t believe in it being chairman of it.” I’m not sure what all the hype is about. Garrett can’t “sabotage” the bank without the help of Congress or a willing board. And, unfortunately, Congress lacks the discipline and principle to do what’s right. I assume that’s because many on Capital Hill can’t see the difference between being pro-business (pro-cronyism) and pro-market. Heitkamp and Graham’s freakout seems unwarranted. I also assume that, like Graham, Heitkamp is open to reforming the Bank. Or does she actually like it the way it operated under Hochberg? Does she hope that the Bank can return to business as usual? I hope not — because that would mean spending massive amounts of our money, and letting the corruption, fraud, and abuse in the Bank continue while refusing to implement the reforms mandated by Congress. So assuming that reasonable people can see the need for reforms, what is needed is someone who is fully aware of the Bank’s profound dysfunction and can take the lead in reforming it. This is why — while the best policy would be to close the Bank entirely — I believe that Garrett can be a strong voice for reform. Here are a few ideas: Investigate corruption, fraud, and abuse at the Bank and take measures to end those practices; Redefine “small business” to actually reflect small business, not large companies; Increase the quota for how much of the Bank’s money goes to small-business lending. My preference would be to go from 20 percent to 100 percent; but I would be relatively satisfied with 60 percent. That would be consistent with the desire of President Trump — who has claimed that his flip-flopping on Ex-Im Bank (he opposed the Bank during the campaign) is in large part due to the Bank’s support of small businesses. End the rationale for the Ex-Im Bank’s lending as a way to countervail foreign subsidies. Export subsidies don’t boost overall job numbers or GDP, nor do they affect the balance of trade. As a Congressional Budget Office report explains: “Subsidized loans to exporters will increase employment in export industries, but this increase will occur at the expense of non-subsidized industries: the subsidy to one industry appears on other industries’ books as increased costs and decreased profits.” Even the pro–Ex-Im American Action Forum admits that “export financing merely redistributes jobs across the economy rather than create more overall jobs.” In fact, academic research has shown that when you take under consideration all the costs shouldered by non-subsidized companies and consumers, the net effect of Ex-Im can be negative. As such, it is time for Congress to understand that if France wishes to subsidize its exporters at the expenses of its economy, we should let them do it. End the environmental quota; Prohibit lending to state-owned companies; Prohibit lending to companies that have access to credit elsewhere (they would need to show evidence of that rather than just state that they can’t get credit, as they do now); Move to a fair-value accounting system so that taxpayers can actually know what Ex-Im actually costs them. If this accounting technique is good for the private sector, it should be good for government agencies too; Make the agency more transparent on all fronts. We should require full disclosure of all borrowers, lenders, domestic beneficiaries, and all terms for every transaction and a detailed report of the rationale behind the lending; require publicly issued monthly transaction reports (including any defaults that took place and the expected costs of the defaults, as well as a credible calculation of the subsidy costs — including the effects on non-subsidized firms and workers.) I have more ideas but let’s start with those. The Corner The one and only. Full Blog More Stories Load More Get Our Newsletters   Trending on National Review     About Institute Advertise Contact NR Facebook Twitter Google+ Privacy
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Up and Down Wall Street Stocks Don’t Blink an Eye Over Comey Firing FBI Director James Comey’s firing kills tax reform for ’17, but the global rally doesn’t need Trump’s agenda. By Randall W. Forsyth Biography May 11, 2017 11:36 a.m. ET Stifle your yawns. While Washington is in a tizzy over the latest events swirling around the White House, Wall Street goes about it business, barely noticing all the fuss. All of which raises the question of how much the agenda of President Donald Trump really is driving the stock market. Given that much-anticipated tax cuts and reforms are likely to be delayed even further—mostly until 2018—by the furor surrounding the firing of... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Not Just Trump? Two Reasons the Dow Dropped 24 Points That Aren’t Politics Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. The Hot Stock: Nvidia Jumps 4.3% Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Nvidia Up Another 5%: Bulls Delighted Pondering ‘Epic Disruption’ Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Nvidia: Mystery of the Missing Margin Upside Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Snap's Hopeless Earnings Report 2 The Outsize Appeal of International Markets 3 Swiping Right or Left for a Plumber? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:04 GMT, May 12, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica Boeing’s new 737 grounded over flaw in engine component Published time: 11 May, 2017 19:38 Get short URL Boeing 737 MAX, FILE PHOTO © Jason Redmond / Reuters All test flights of Boeing’s 737 MAX have been put on hold, pending a review of a flaw in an engine component. The aircraft is still on schedule for its first deliveries later this month the company said, as its shares slipped on the announcement. Boeing grounded the fleet of about 20 airplanes after CFM International, which makes the 737 MAX’s Leap-1B jet engine, discovered a defect in one engine part. CFM is a joint venture between General Electric (GE) and France’s Safran. An inspection last week discovered a defect in the large metal disc used in the low-pressure turbine at the rear of the engine, Reuters reported, citing CFM spokesman Jamie Jewell. “There have been no issues whatsoever with engines in the field,” Jewell said. GE spokesman Rick Kennedy confirmed that the flawed disc had not been installed in an engine. $BA shares have dropped nearly two percent after halting of 737 Max flights due to reported engine issues. https://t.co/wzDCwJCTgxpic.twitter.com/spqy5sYewX— AirlineGeeks.com (@AirlineGeeks) May 10, 2017 The approximately 40 engines that have been built so far will be sent back to factories in Lafayette, Indiana or Villaroche, France for inspection, Kennedy said. Many will need to be removed from aircraft first, said Jewell. The 737 MAX is Boeing’s fastest-selling plane, with over 3,700 preorders. The first deliveries were scheduled for later this month to Malaysia’s Malindo Air. US-based Southwest and American Airlines have ordered 200 and 100 of the jets, respectively. Boeing and CFM said they remained committed to meeting the delivery date while maintaining the production of the jet with no changes. “We still plan to start deliveries this month. But there is no official date set yet. We’re keeping all of our customers updated on the progress,” said Boeing spokesman Doug Alder. BREAKING: Boeing has grounded 737 Max https://t.co/LPAdAqtV1hpic.twitter.com/9FravOarZz— Jon Ostrower (@jonostrower) May 10, 2017 “This doesn’t look like a serious concern,” Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with financial services firm Cowen & Co, wrote to his clients, according to Canada’s National Post. The engine problem is “not a design shortfall but what appears to be an easily fixable sub-tier supplier component issue.” The 737 MAX 8 seats 162 passengers in a typical configuration and has a list price of $110 million, Reuters reported. According to Airways magazine, Norwegian Air Shuttle has plans to use the new jet for transatlantic service to the US from the UK and Ireland, starting in June. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
up next: now reading: If Canadians Want to Pay For Your Travel, Why Not? AP Photo/Branden Camp If Canadians Want to Pay For Your Travel, Why Not? By Allan Golombek May 12, 2017 AP Photo/Branden Camp X Story Stream recent articles Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Article: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Entry: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Video: Global Warming Lorem Ipsum Dolor Sit ... Adam Smith, as he usually did, had it absolutely right when he pointed out in The Wealth of Nations that “(p)eople of the same trade seldom meet together, even for merriment and diversion, but the conversation ends in a conspiracy against the public …”. Except sometimes they manage to engage in such a conspiracy without meeting together, without having a conversation, and without even being on the same side. To wit, Boeing’s anti-dumping petition against Bombardier. It isn’t that Boeing is objecting to mercantilism; just to the fact that someone in addition to themselves is practicing it. Let’s accept a basic fact central to Boeing’s case: The Canadian aircraft company Bombardier has indeed sought and obtained protectionist rents from Canadian governments, billions in government largesse that has allowed it to cut prices and win a contract from Delta Air Lines for its C Series airplane. But who are the ultimate beneficiaries of Bombardier’s cut-rate pricing? An American airline company, its shareholders, employees and – and hopefully consumers, who may see some of the benefit of the deal in the form of lower fares and/or better service. Should the U.S. Department of Commerce pursue the anti-dumping case over subsidies which, after all, benefit Americans? If, for some reason, Canadians are prepared to underwrite Delta’s costs, why shouldn’t the airline take advantage of the generous offer? If the coffee shop around the corner is prepared to offer you lunch for less than it costs them to prepare it, should you refuse to eat it? In this case, Bombardier’s ‘generosity’ is being paid for by Canadian taxpayers. The company has recently received loans of $1 billion and $372 million from the Quebec and Canadian governments respectively. But this is just the tip of the iceberg. As independent analyst Mark Milke has pointed out, between 1966 and 2015 Bombardier received over C$1.1 billion (adjusted for inflation) since 1966 from one Canadian federal government department alone. That doesn’t include grants and loans from the provinces of Quebec and Ontario, and for that matter Great Britain. In total, the company claims it has repaid just $275 million of previous loans. Canadian politicians, presumably, engage in these mercantilist practices to stimulate job creation. How has that been going for them? Last year, Bombardier handed out pink slips to 7,000 employees. But not all employees have had to sacrifice. Bombardier’s senior executives saw their compensation rise by nearly 50 percent. Partly, according to a corporate regulatory filing, that was a reward for securing orders for the C Series – heavily subsidized by taxpayers. Maybe taxpayers are the ones who deserve some kind of reward. No one here has clean hands. It is ironic to hear Boeing whine about Bombardier receiving government loans and grants. Boeing has been a steady recipient of government funds, channeled through the Export-Import Bank. In fact, Ex-Im is sometimes referred to as ‘Boeing’s Bank.’ It would seem that the real victims in all of this is not Boeing, but the taxpayers who are paying for the party. Maybe the answer isn’t to pursue anti-dumping measures, but anti-pork measures. The battle between the two plane makers has focused attention on two swamps that need to be drained, on both sides of the U.S-Canada border. Once again Adam Smith puts it best. In his first book, The Theory of Moral Sentiments, the Scotsman had some advice that would serve both Americans and Canadians well: “Never complain of that which is at all times in your power to rid yourself.” Allan Golombek is a Senior Director at the White House Writers Group.  Related Topics: Price Dumping, Boeing, Bombardier, Canada, Allan Golombek Comment Show commentsHide Comments RCE Log In | Register Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Related Articles Search Stock Quotes Sponsored by Markets delayed 20 minutes. © quotemedia.com More Market Data Commodity Prices Please Enable Javascript for this Oil Price widget to work Sign up for RC newsletters Partner Videos ©2017 RealClearMarkets | Go to full site
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN_Commercial > Primera Air To Take Up To 20 Boeing 737-9s You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Primera Air To Take Up To 20 Boeing 737-9s May 11, 2017 Victoria Moores | Aviation Daily EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 LONDON—Scandinavian leisure carrier Primera Air has placed an order for eight Boeing 737-9s. The carrier as taken purchase rights on four more, and will lease another eight from U.S. lessor Air Lease Corp. Announcing the agreement May 11, Boeing valued the firm order at over $950 million at list prices. Primera Air is part of Primera Travel Group, which has travel agencies and tour operating companies in Denmark; Estonia; Finland; Iceland; Norway; and Sweden. The airline currently ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must have an Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) account or subscribe to this Market Briefing to access "Primera Air To Take Up To 20 Boeing 737-9s".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing MAX Stretch Variant Poses Engine Challenges 79   U.S. Air Force Secretary: Service May Delay A-10 Retirement 226   Short On Cash For KC-46, U.S. Air Force Eyes Souped-Up KC-135 108   U.S. Considers Up To 72 New F-15s Or F-16s 222   Trump Vows To 'Negotiate' Price Of Boeing's New Air Force One 99 Advertisement Commercial Aviation: Market Briefing A subscription to Aviation Daily is required to access these stories.   Mergers, Growth Predicted For Second-Tier Lessors  U.S. Still Considering Electronics Ban Extension  Spirit And ALPA Agree On TRO Extension  Primera Air To Take Up To 20 Boeing 737-9s  Emirates’ Profit Plunges Amid Market Turbulence  Industry Monitoring EASA Revision’s Impact On MRO  Shifts In Line Maintenance Challenge MRO Providers  Construction Underway At Chinese 737 Center    Subscribe Log In Advertisement Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip to main content The Straits Times World Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World United States Europe Middle East Americas Africa Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites news with benefits ST Wine SPH Rewards STJobs STCars STProperty STClassifieds SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone Lianhe Wanbao omy.sg STOMP SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper zaobao.sg Advertise with us Print Edition ePaper Scoot collects its newest Dreamliner as it aims to expand into the long-haul market Video of Scoot collects its newest Dreamliner as it aims to expand into the long-haul market A ribbon cutting ceremony in Seattle was held as Scoot collected its newest 787 Dreamliner.ST VIDEO: ADRIAN LIM Scoot's newest Dreamliner, equipped with crew bunks for long-haul flights.ST PHOTO: ADRIAN LIM The ribbon-cutting for Scoot's new Dreamliner, by Mr Lee Lik Hsin and Dr Dinesh A. Keskar.ST PHOTO: ADRIAN LIM PublishedMay 12, 2017, 1:03 am SGT More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46MC Copy Adrian Lim adrianl@sph.com.sg SEATTLE, Washington - Low-cost carrier Scoot collected its newest 787 Dreamliner on Thursday (May 11)  from Boeing's delivery centre in Everett. While it is the 14th addition to Scoot's family of Dreamliners, the delivery of the wide-bodied plane is a milestone in the airline's plans to expand to new, long-haul markets. The new 787, which can carry 329 passengers, is just the second in Scoot's fleet to be fitted with overhead bunks for flight and cabin crew to rest.  Crew bunks are not required for flights of up to about 10 and a half hours, but in June (2017) Scoot will start flying its longest route, an 11-and-a-half-hour flight from Singapore to Athens. It's longest service now is the nine-hour Singapore-Jeddah route. Get The Straits Times newsletters in your inbox Sign Up To commemorate the plane's delivery, a ribbon cutting was carried out by Mr Lee Lik Hsin, chief executive of Budget Aviation Holdings, which operates Scoot and Tigerair, and Dr Dinesh A. Keskar, Boeing's senior vice-president for sales for Asia-Pacific and India.   scoot3.jpg Related Story Scoot to launch more long-haul flights: 5 budget flights to far-flung destinations The plane will fly off from the Paine Field airport, near the delivery centre, and is expected to land in Changi Airport at about 5pm on Friday, Singapore time. The flight is expected to take about 15 hours and 45 minutes. Scoot said the long-haul market will become a "significant part" of its network and in the next two to three years, it could triple its long-haul offerings.  The Straits Times understands that Scoot is now seeking approval from the authorities in the United States for a Singapore to Honolulu service, with a stop in Osaka, Japan. Scoot took delivery of its first 787 Dreamliner with crew bunks last month, and is currently in operation on a mid-haul route. Scoot currently flies to 23 destinations, including Sydney, Melbourne, Hokkaido. Topics:  AIRLINES BUDGET CARRIER BOEING More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/46MC Copy BrandInsider Sponsored Content housead_2016oct29_354x235.jpg SPH deepens foray in content marketing with BrandInsider relaunch ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
KIRO Radio 710 ESPN SEATTLE AM 770 KTTH FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ALERTS Weather Traffic Sports Radio Ways to Listen Podcasts On-Demand Stations KIRO Radio 97.3 FM 710 ESPN Seattle AM 770 KTTH Mobile Apps KIRO Radio App 710 ESPN Seattle App Promotions Contests and Events Voices KIRO Radio Dave Ross Tom and Curley Dori Monson Ron and Don Jason and Burns 770 KTTH Todd Herman Michael Medved Lifestyle & Entertainment Rachel Belle Tom Tangney MyNorthwest MyNorthwest Blog News Local News National News Politics Chokepoints Lifestyle World News Money Technology Odd News Sponsored Features Tools Weather Traffic Earthquake Tracker School Closings Police Blotter Latest News Brent Stecker Sodo arena group releases comparison to KeyArena renovation proposals Seattle Mariners Mariners fall 7-2 to Blue Jays, snapping win streak at 4 Local News Senators call for investigation into Sound Transit Ron and Don Dave Grohl's mom pens book about moms who raised rock stars Local News More earthquakes possible as swarm continues along Seattle fault Local News Congressman Dave Reichert on the long list for FBI directors Brent Stecker Robinson Cano scratched as Mariners take a crack at getting over .500 in opener vs Blue Jays Brent Stecker Mariners' Jerry Dipoto on Mike Zunino: 'We're going to need him; can't allow this to steamroll' Jason and Burns High-profile lawyer says Tacoma has a case against opioid makers Brent Stecker Mariners recall Zac Curtis from Double-A, option Dan Altavilla to Triple-A, claim pitcher from Toronto Local News Crash on I-5 in Tacoma turns fatal Danny Dave and Moore Moore: Unlikely turnaround makes anything seem possible for Mariners Brock and Salk Michigan State coach Dantonio: Seahawks rookie Malik McDowell has 'unlimited amount of ability’ John Clayton Clayton: Seahawks took a different approach to free agency in 2017 Local News Jenny Durkan: From running for Rainier to running for Seattle mayor Local News Alaska Airlines faces impending shortage of pilots Dave Ross Ross: Sorry, folks, this is not Watergate -- yet Local News Olympia could nix Seattle income tax before it gets started Chokepoints Not so fast, I-405 off-ramp bypassers Dave Ross Ed Murray faces the legal quagmire of being a public figure Local News Fentanyl deaths on the rise throughout Washington Ron and Don Can you teach someone to be funny? Steve Martin thinks so Brent Stecker Mariners GM Jerry Dipoto: James Paxton, Felix Hernandez could return during next homestand Local News Amazon on the right path in its plan to house Seattle homeless Brent Stecker Seahawks' Frank Clark apologizes for tweet aimed at reporter who wrote about 2014 arrest Local News Convicted Seattle cop killer who died in prison overdosed Local News Gov. Inslee 'extremely concerned' about Hanford mishap Local News Boeing temporarily grounds new 737 MAX for quality check Local News Bipartisan bill allows Washington to prepare for nuclear attack Local News 'Community member' term for suspects on Seattle police use-of-force reports   Home Local News Sports Traffic Weather LIVE Radio Podcasts Our Radio Stations KIRO Radio 97.3 FM 710 ESPN Seattle 770 KTTH AM Opinion Dave Ross Dori Monson Tom and Curley Ron and Don Jason Rantz Rachel Belle Todd Herman Michael Medved In the News Local News National News World News Chokepoints Politics Lifestyle Money Technology Odd News Sports Sports News Mariners Seahawks Sounders FC Danny O'Neil Jim Moore Brady Henderson Shannon Drayer Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Email Alerts More Search the Site Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms of Use Contest Rules Privacy Statement EEO Public File Report Copyright Infringement Community Outreach KIRO Radio 97.3 FM Listen LIVE Watch In-Studio Podcasts Download the App On-Air Schedule 710 ESPN Seattle Listen LIVE Watch In-Studio Podcasts Download the App On-Air Schedule AM 770 KTTH Listen LIVE Podcasts On-Air Schedule Social Facebook Twitter Instagram Google+ Local News Alaska Airlines faces impending shortage of pilots By Josh Kerns, KIRO Radio Reporter   | May 11, 2017 @ 8:44 am Alaska Air training mechanic Scott Warth speaks with student Anais King about careers in aviation at the Alaska maintenance hanger at SeaTac Airport. (Josh Kerns/KIRO Radio) Comments Share Tweet Share Share From its expanded routes to swallowing rival Virgin America, Alaska Airlines continues its record growth. But there’s a looming downside to all that success. The Seattle-based carrier faces an impending shortage of pilots and others to keep the airline flying high into the future. “This year alone we’re going to hire 2,300 front line employees. And that includes pilots, flight attendants, maintenance, agents,” said Carlos Zendejas, the Seattle-based chief pilot for Alaska. Zendejas was among hundreds of employees who volunteered last weekend for the airline’s annual Aviation Day. More than 1,000 students gathered in the massive Alaska maintenance hanger at the south end of Sea-Tac airport to get an up close look at the airline’s operations. Spokesperson Bobbi Egan says the airline works hard to reach out to local schools to make young people aware of the opportunities. REPORT: Boeing temporarily grounds new 737 MAX for quality check “The goal here is to show young people that there are so many opportunities here in the Pacific Northwest, whether you work for Alaska, Boeing, the Port of Seattle,” Egan said. But there’s no seemingly greater need than to prepare the next generation of pilots. The Regional Airlines Association forecasts the major carriers like Alaska will need upwards of 18,500 pilots new pilots by the end of 2020, while there are just 18,000 potential candidates in the pipeline currently flying for regional carriers — the major source of pilots for the big airlines. Zendejas says two big things happened to spark the shortage — in the past decade the FAA mandated pilots retire at age 65, while many potential pilots chose other careers during the recession, in part because entry level flying jobs pay so little. “Right now we’re still doing very well.  But as you look two years down the road the supply is certainly going to get very tight,” Zendejas said. And there’s a good reason why Alaska and other airlines are doing all they can to head that off. Zendejas says the industry might be faced with lowering pilot requirements if it doesn’t have enough flyers for the future. “Right now at Alaska, if you’re going to apply you have to have at least three thousand hours of flight time, a little less if you come from the military, ” Zendejas said. “But as you start to go forward and not all the people are available that would have those qualifications, I think all the major airlines will have to start looking and go ‘well, instead of 3,000 hours, maybe we’re looking at 2,500 hours.” But Zendejas insists we shouldn’t be worried about that impacting safety, because all new Alaska hires will still go through the airline’s stringent ground and air training before they earn their wings. But what if you don’t want to be a pilot? A big part of last weekend’s annual aviation day is to inspire kids from all walks of life to pursue a career in the ever growing industry. Anais King, 18, is one of those. “About a year ago I was introduced to something called Young Eagles. And it was where we were able to be flown in an airplane. And I was just enthralled.  I looked out of the window and said ‘I want to do this,'” she said. The home-schooled high school senior has always had an interest in engineering. And thanks to her exposure to Alaska, she’s now considering a career in aviation. When people hear aviation they think pilots, but in aviation you can be an engineer, a mechanic, or many other things. There are just so many fields. In fact, Alaska says it’s even competing with the likes of Microsoft and Amazon for top tech talent – another reason for spreading the word through Aviation Day and other outreach. “We also go down to Aviation High School, we talk to them. We talk to the different universities.  As a matter of fact, Green River (College) now has a four-year aviation program right here in our own backyard,” Zendejas said. More by KIRO Radio’s Josh Kerns Comments Share Tweet Share Share Most Popular Senators call for investigation into Sound Transit Congressman Dave Reichert on the long list for FBI directors Jenny Durkan: From running for Rainier to running for Seattle mayor More Senators call for investigation into Sound Transit More earthquakes possible as swarm continues along Seattle fault Congressman Dave Reichert on the long list for FBI directors Crash on I-5 in Tacoma turns fatal Jenny Durkan: From running for Rainier to running for Seattle mayor About the Author Josh Kerns Josh Kerns is an award winning reporter on KIRO Radio 97.3 FM. He covers everything from May Day riots in Seattle to the latest Boeing news. Email Josh at jkerns@kiroradio.com Top Stories Congressman Dave Reichert on the long list for FBI directors More earthquakes possible as swarm continues along Seattle fault Alaska Airlines faces impending shortage of pilots Sponsored Articles What motorcyclists in Washington need to know about insurance Cancer patient spreads hope through technology Baseball season is here! Try the BSB Grand Slam complete with cracker jacks Comments Comment guidelines: No name-calling, personal attacks, profanity, or insults. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate comments by reporting abuse. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Latest News Brent Stecker Sodo arena group releases comparison to KeyArena renovation proposals Seattle Mariners Mariners fall 7-2 to Blue Jays, snapping win streak at 4 Local News Senators call for investigation into Sound Transit Ron and Don Dave Grohl's mom pens book about moms who raised rock stars Local News More earthquakes possible as swarm continues along Seattle fault Local News Congressman Dave Reichert on the long list for FBI directors Brent Stecker Robinson Cano scratched as Mariners take a crack at getting over .500 in opener vs Blue Jays Brent Stecker Mariners' Jerry Dipoto on Mike Zunino: 'We're going to need him; can't allow this to steamroll' Jason and Burns High-profile lawyer says Tacoma has a case against opioid makers Brent Stecker Mariners recall Zac Curtis from Double-A, option Dan Altavilla to Triple-A, claim pitcher from Toronto Local News Crash on I-5 in Tacoma turns fatal Danny Dave and Moore Moore: Unlikely turnaround makes anything seem possible for Mariners Brock and Salk Michigan State coach Dantonio: Seahawks rookie Malik McDowell has 'unlimited amount of ability’ John Clayton Clayton: Seahawks took a different approach to free agency in 2017 Local News Jenny Durkan: From running for Rainier to running for Seattle mayor Local News Alaska Airlines faces impending shortage of pilots Dave Ross Ross: Sorry, folks, this is not Watergate -- yet Local News Olympia could nix Seattle income tax before it gets started Chokepoints Not so fast, I-405 off-ramp bypassers Dave Ross Ed Murray faces the legal quagmire of being a public figure Local News Fentanyl deaths on the rise throughout Washington Ron and Don Can you teach someone to be funny? Steve Martin thinks so Brent Stecker Mariners GM Jerry Dipoto: James Paxton, Felix Hernandez could return during next homestand Local News Amazon on the right path in its plan to house Seattle homeless Brent Stecker Seahawks' Frank Clark apologizes for tweet aimed at reporter who wrote about 2014 arrest Local News Convicted Seattle cop killer who died in prison overdosed Local News Gov. Inslee 'extremely concerned' about Hanford mishap Local News Boeing temporarily grounds new 737 MAX for quality check Local News Bipartisan bill allows Washington to prepare for nuclear attack Local News 'Community member' term for suspects on Seattle police use-of-force reports Seattle, Washington, USA Top Stories Western Washington Local News Real Estate Traffic Weather Nation/World National News Politics Lifestyle World News Money Technology Odd News Voices Commentary Dave Ross MyNorthwest Blog Lifestyle & Entertainment Rachel Belle Tom Tangney Tom Douglas KIRO Radio Tom and Curley Dori Monson Ron and Don Jason and Burns 770 KTTH Todd Herman Michael Medved Radio LIVE Listen now Watch in-studio video Stations KIRO Radio 710 ESPN Seattle 770 KTTH AM On-Demand Podcasts Mobile Apps KIRO Radio 710 ESPN Seattle Sports 710 ESPN Seattle Seattle Seahawks Seattle Mariners Seattle Sounders FC MLB Scoreboard NFL Scoreboard Danny O'Neil Jim Moore Brady Henderson Shannon Drayer Podcasts Help Search the Site Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms of Use Contest Rules Privacy Statement EEO Public File Report Copyright Infringement Community Outreach Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Email Alerts Part of the MyNorthwest.com Network of Sites © 2017 Bonneville International. Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. All rights reserved. EEO Public File Report. Copyright Infringement FCC Public File: KIRO-FM | KIRO-AM | KTTH FCC STATION REPRESENTATIVE: TOM PIERSON – TPIERSON@BONNEVILLE.COM 206.726.7000
Home Advertise Sponsorship Donate About Team Services News agency Vacancies Contact Us Videos Articles Video #CitizensRights: 'The EU-27 could act on this, we need to see some bravery' #Brexit ow.ly/4DeZ50bqUiQ About 7 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Video #CitizensRights: 'We welcome the EU negotiation guidelines' British in Europe ow.ly/iMCf50bqRSr About 8 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Video #CitizensRights: 'May has done everything to poison the negotiations, this is a terrible approach' ow.ly/HtJZ50bqOUd About 9 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Video #CitizensRights: 'We knew immigration would be hardest problem, that's why the EU opened borders' ow.ly/Pf2K50bqOUc About 9 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Video #CitizensRights: 'At the moment the UK government doesn't give the impression of being constructive' ow.ly/OIDA50bqKPt About 10 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Video '#'CitizensRights should be carved out and separated from the financial settlement' #Brexit ow.ly/aKCi50bqHns About 11 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Video #CitizensRights: 'Daniel Hannan MEP should apologise for mispresenting his position' ow.ly/bERx50bqHnt About 11 hours ago from EU Reporter's Twitter via Hootsuite Follow @eureporter Video News Featured Videos Online TV Podcasts Photo Journalism Opinion Featured Articles Brussels In View Politics Defence Economy Energy Environment Education Health Human Rights Lifestyle Animal Welfare World #Boeing and #PrimeraAir announce order for up to 20 737 MAX 9s EU Reporter Correspondent | May 11, 2017 | 0 Comments Boeing [NYSE: BA] and Primera Air today (11 May) announced an order for eight 737 MAX 9 airplanes, valued at more than $950 million at list prices. The agreement also includes purchase rights for four additional 737 MAX 9s and a lease agreement for eight more airplanes from Air Lease Corporation. The 737 MAX 9 will form the backbone of the low-cost airline’s future as it seeks to commence flights between Europe and North America. Primera Air plans to use the MAX 9’s auxiliary fuel tanks to lower trip costs and maximize the range to accommodate flights connecting Europe to the east coast of the U.S. “The 737 MAX 9 will allow Primera Air to open up nonstop, long-haul routes from Europe to the U.S. with unmatched economics,” said Andri M. Ingolfsson, President, Primera Air. “This aircraft has a lower per-seat cost than the current wide body aircraft servicing the transatlantic and the capabilities of this aircraft type will change the economics of the industry. This will open up fantastic possibilities for growth for Primera Air in the future.” “Primera Air’s commitment is a major endorsement of the 737 MAX 9 and its ability to serve new transatlantic markets,” said Monty Oliver, vice president, European Sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “The MAX 9 will provide Primera Air unmatched efficiency, range, reliability and operating costs, while continuing to provide a premium on-board experience for its passengers.” Primera Air is an all-Boeing carrier currently operating a fleet of nine Next-Generation 737-700s and 737-800s with flights to more than 70 airports in Europe. Primera Air is part of the Primera Travel Group that operates travel agencies and tour operating companies in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Iceland and Estonia. The 737 MAX family has been designed to offer customers exceptional performance, flexibility and efficiency, with lower per-seat costs and an extended range that will open up new destinations in the single-aisle market. The MAX 8 and 9 will be followed in 2019 by the smaller MAX 7 and higher capacity MAX 200, while studies and customer discussions continue on further growing the family. The 737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history, accumulating more than 3,700 orders from 87 customers worldwide. Comments Facebook comments Tags: Boeing, eu, featured, full-image Category: Aviation/airlines, EU, Frontpage Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website « European Association of Urology and #EAPM to move to put prostate cancer high on the agenda EU-#Ukraine dialogue: No eternal friends and enemies » Sponsored Link Find us on Facebook Latest Twitter Tweets by @eureporter Donate via PayPal Make a Donation to EU Reporter Now News Categories Business Defence Economy Education Energy Environment Eurozone Health Lifestyle Magazine Politics World Subscribe to our newsletter Enter your email address below to receive updates each time we publish new content. About EU Reporter EU Reporter is an online web site, online TV channel and monthly magazine published in digital format, with breaking news, incisive analysis and independent provocative comment on EU affairs... read more » Information & Policies Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Sitemap Search EU Reporter Looking for something in particular? Try the search feature below © 2017 EU Reporter. All rights reserved.
Thursday May 11 2017 7:27 pm     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here   Read the Print Edition Here:   Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Stocks rise as energy companies rally May 11, 2017, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — Energy companies jumped with the price of oil Wednesday, but overall, stocks finished only slightly higher as a quiet week of trading continued. The price of U.S. crude oil jumped 3 percent as fuel stockpiles kept shrinking, and that made investors more optimistic about energy company profits. Strong earnings from video game maker Electronic Arts and chipmaker Nvidia helped technology stocks move up. However weak results from Priceline and Disney hurt consumer-focused companies, and health care stocks also stumbled as drug companies fell. Investors didn’t react much to President Donald Trump’s surprise decision to fire FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday evening. U.S. stocks also had little reaction to the French presidential election last weekend, although European indexes climbed following the win by centrist candidate Emmanuel Macron. “It’s almost as if the market has become numb,” said Julian Emanuel, an equity strategist for UBS. “Investors are interpreting this as more noise.” Emanuel said investors are focused on economic growth and the Trump administration’s business-friendly agenda. Until they have a clearer understanding of how well the economy is doing and whether Trump’s policies will be implemented, he said investors may just wait and see, in which case stocks will stay in the range they’ve traded in for the last few months. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index picked up 2.71 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,399.63, a fraction of a point above the all-time high it set Monday. The Dow Jones industrial average shed 32.67 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,943.11 as Disney and Boeing slumped. The Nasdaq composite finished at a record for the fourth day in a row as it rose 8.56 points, or 0.1 percent, to 6,129.14. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks was up 7.73 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,399.59. Oil prices made big gains as reports showed U.S. crude stockpiles dropped by 5.2 million barrels last week. That was bigger than analysts expected. Crude inventories are returning to more normal levels after they swelled to record highs the last few years. Benchmark U.S. crude surged $1.45, or 3.2 percent, to $47.33 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, gained $1.49, or 3.1 percent, to $50.22 a barrel in London EOG Resources gained $2.90, or 3.2 percent, to $94.54 and Chevron added $1.42, or 1.4 percent, to $106.50. Crude oil prices have fallen in recent weeks as investors wondered if the members of OPEC and other key oil-producing countries will be able to limit production and support prices. U.S. oil has traded between around $45 and $55 a barrel this year as investors worried about oil prices and profits at energy companies. The S&P 500’s energy sector has dropped 10 percent in 2017. Nvidia advanced $18.35, or 17.8 percent, to $121.29. Nvidia tripled in value in 2016 and had wobbled early this year. Electronic Arts, which makes games including “The Sims” and “Mass Effect,” rose $12.15, or 12.7 percent, to $108.16. Emanuel, of UBS, said investors are rewarding companies that are reporting strong earnings growth but don’t depend too much on faster economic growth. That includes technology companies and banks. Entertainment giant Walt Disney posted lower sales than investors expected and it said profit at its cable networks declined because of programming costs at ESPN remain high. Its stock fell $2.41, or 2.2 percent, to $109.66. Recently Disney stock suffered a five-day losing streak partly brought on by concerns about cable advertising revenue. Revenue for online booking service Priceline was a bit lower than analysts expected and the company’s profit forecast for the current quarter was also disappointing. That sent the stock down $86.72, or 4.5 percent, to $1,824.41. Priceline has soared 44 percent over the last 12 months. Boeing lost $2.31, or 1.2 percent, to $183.18 after it suspended test flights of its new 737 Max plane because of possible problems with a key engine part. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the 737, Boeing’s most popular commercial plane. Online review website Yelp plunged after it slashed its revenue forecast for the year. That followed a disappointing first-quarter report, and analysts said the company struggled to retain customers. The stock sank $6.37, or 18.4 percent, to $28.33 to reach its lowest price in almost a year. Watchmaker Fossil tumbled after another weaker-than-expected quarterly report. The company said sales of traditional watches and other jewelry continued to fall. The stock fell $3.71, or 20.4 percent, to $14.44. The stock traded above $100 a share as recently as December 2014 but has been trading at eight-year lows. Bond prices rose early but later returned that gain. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 2.41 percent. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 5 cents to $1.54 a gallon. Heating oil added 3 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 7 cents to $3.29 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold inched up $2.80 to settle at $1,218.90 an ounce. Silver rose 14 cents to $16.21 an ounce. Copper was unchanged at $2.49 a pound. The dollar rose to 114.33 yen from 114.28 yen. The euro dipped to $1.0862 from $1.0869. In Britain, the FTSE 100 jumped 0.6 percent. Germany’s DAX rose 0.1 percent and the CAC 40 in France finished unchanged. The Japanese Nikkei 225 gained 0.3 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index rose 0.5 percent. The Kospi of South Korea fell 1 percent. ——— AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at https://apnews.com/search/marley%20jay     Tags: percent, investors, crude, stocks, stock, companies, Other stories from today: Snapchat’s growth stalls; stock plunges Stocks rise as energy companies rally Microsoft: 500M Windows 10 devices, half of 2018 goal     Print this Page  |  << Back            Daily Journal Quick Poll   What do you think of President Trump firing FBI Director James Comey? Solid Worrisome Seems he had no choice Another attempt at subterfuge Not sure             Carjacking suspect arrested at Caltrain station A San Jose man was arrested on suspicion of carjacking at the San Carlos Caltrain station Wednesday .. California governor: More spending for schools, child care SACRAMENTO — California Gov. Jerry Brown sought more spending on schools and child care Thursday a.. Trump: I was going to fire Comey even without recommendation WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump said Thursday he would have fired FBI Director James Comey eve.. AP sources: Trump to launch panel to investigate voter fraud WASHINGTON — President Donald Trump is expected to sign an executive order on Thursday launching a.. More >>                 Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County advertising  
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States How Much Does a Boeing 737 MAX Cost? By Paul Ausick May 11, 2017 9:52 am EDT Print Email Tweet A recent halt in flight testing of Boeing Co.’s (NYSE: BA) 737 MAX 8 (737-8) has focused attention once again on the company’s bread-and-butter passenger jet. Boeing lists seven models of its 737 family on its current price list, and it will add an eighth, which has yet to have a price attached. Most are priced at over $100 million. Current models of the 737 are designated as Next Generation (NG) and they will be replaced by five models that have been identified as the MAX family. The first model that will be delivered is the 737-8, which is scheduled to be delivered to Indonesia’s Lion Air carrier Malindo Air later this month. The 737-8 has a list price of $112.4 million. The 737 MAX family includes the 737-8, a smaller 737 MAX 7 (737-7, list price $92.2 million), the 737 MAX 200 (list price $115.4 million), the 737 MAX 9 (737-9, list price $119.2 million) and the still-to-be-formally-announced 737 MAX 10 (737-10). The 737 is among the best-selling commercial aircraft of all time. Since it was first introduced in 1968, Boeing has sold 9,486 of them. A report published on Wednesday in Aviation Week revealed that Boeing had halted test flights of the 737-8 due to a problem with a part in the engine’s low-pressure turbine. All the planes in the MAX family use the Leap-1B engine manufactured by CFM, a 50/50 joint venture between General Electric Co. (NYSE: GE) and French industrial giant Safran. Boeing said the issue was a manufacturing quality control problem that is restricted to a specific batch of parts for the engine’s low-pressure turbine section, not a fundamental design flaw. Boeing and CFM say the issue is limited to fewer than 50 engines, and testing is expected to resume soon. Also on Wednesday, Boeing announced an order from Latvia-based Primera Air, a low-cost carrier that already operates a fleet of nine 737-700 and 737-800 NG aircraft. Primera ordered eight 737-9s for an order total of more than $950 million at list prices. The airline also acquired purchase rights for another four 737-9s and a lease agreement for eight more from Air Lease Corporation. In its announcement of the deal, Boeing noted that it has taken orders for more than 3,700 737 MAX aircraft, making it the fastest-selling passenger jet in the company’s history. Boeing expects to deliver about 75 of the new 737 MAX jets this year as production ramps up. On April 13, Boeing completed the first flight test of its 737-9, which has 220 seats, 16 more than the 737-8. First customer delivery of the 737-9 is scheduled for later this year. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Top Analyst Upgrades and Downgrades: Caterpillar, Chesapeake Energy, Exxon, Snap, Symantec, Whole Foods, Yelp and More 4 Stocks to Buy That Are Winning From Massive Cloud Growth » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Corporate Performance, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), General Electric Company (NYSE:GE) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America 10 Disappearing Car Brands 50 Least Powerful People in the World America's Richest (and Poorest) Towns Counties That Voted Most Heavily for Trump in Every State Recent Nordstrom Sinks Despite Beating Earnings Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Macy’s, Penney’s Crash into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club Microsoft, Home Depot Weigh on DJIA Thursday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Will Increasing Your Credit Limit Hurt Your Credit Score? Facebook Isn't Going to Stop Spending Any Time Soon Will Double-Take Fuel Carbonite Growth? Apple completes $7 billion debt sale CA reports adjusted earnings of 54 cents a share on sales of $1.01 billion, beating estimates Nordstrom Q1 sales $3.3 billion, in line with expectations 5 Top-Rated Stocks to Buy as Oil Prices Post-Record Gains What Lies in Store for SINA Corp (SINA) in Q1 Earnings? Alibaba's Alipay Ventures into U.S., Teams Up with First Data U.S. Candymakers Band Together to Reduce Calories China, US reach agreement on beef, poultry and natural gas Wal-Mart CEO to be Questioned in Lawsuit Over Mexican Bribery GOP Senator's Push To Let Debit-Card Companies Rip People Off Fails Lawmaker Says There’s A ‘Distinction’ Between Being Gay And 'Being A Human Being' Zoe Saldana Gets Real About Having Help With Raising Her Kids Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
National PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News World Israel & The Middle East World TRENDINGReal estate | Lotto Max | James Comey | Donald Trump | The New War on Cancer On cusp of debut, Boeing grounds 737 Max jetliner after potential manufacturing flaw in engine Julie Johnsson and Richard Clough, Bloomberg News | May 11, 2017 10:18 AM ET More from Bloomberg News Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Boeing Co. is temporarily suspending flights of its new 737 Max jetliner because of a potential manufacturing flaw in the engines, marring the commercial debut for the fastest-selling plane in company history. The jetmaker and its engine supplier, a venture of General Electric Co. and Safran SA, are rushing to understand the problem ahead of the aircraft’s first delivery, which remains scheduled for later this month. Boeing said a possible quality defect in the Leap engine’s low-pressure turbine discs was discovered during inspections and hadn’t affected flight testing of the upgraded 737. The grounding added to concerns about the strain on suppliers as the U.S. manufacturer and European rival Airbus SE unveil new aircraft models while ramping up single-aisle production to record levels. Boeing is counting on a smooth start for the 737 Max, the newest version of a plane that is the company’s largest source of profit, as it seeks to boost cash flow. “Investors are acutely focused on 737 Max ramp risk — and the impact on cash,” Robert Stallard, an analyst at Vertical Research Partners, said in a note to clients. Boeing fell 1.2 per cent to $183.18 at the close in New York, the second-biggest decline on the Dow Jones Industrial Average, after adjusting for the beginning of trading without the right to a dividend. GE dropped 0.8 per cent to $28.70. The Max has accumulated 3,714 orders before its commercial debut but is still racing to catch up to Airbus’s A320neo. The latest 737 model is slated to be handed over this month to Malindo Air and Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA. Other major customers with deliveries this year include Southwest Airlines Co. and American Airlines Group Inc. The decision to halt flights was made “out of an abundance of caution,” said Boeing spokesman Doug Alder, adding that the plane completed flight testing months ahead of schedule.  “The step is consistent with our priority focus on safety.” Malindo, an affiliate of Indonesian carrier PT Lion Mentari Airlines, didn’t respond to an email seeking comment. It had expected to take the 737 Max early next week, advertising that commercial service would begin May 19. In 2012, Lion announced the signing of a $22.4 billion order with Boeing. Other Asian customers for the Max include SpiceJet Ltd. in India, Singapore-based lessor BOC Aviation Ltd., VietJet Aviation Joint Stock Co. in Vietnam and the continent’s biggest carrier China Southern Airlines Co. Rick Kennedy, a spokesman for GE Aviation, said about 30 CFM International engines will be inspected at sites in the U.S. and France. In the meantime, production will continue using discs from other CFM suppliers, he said. The issue doesn’t affect other versions of the Leap engine used on planes from Airbus and Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., Kennedy said. “This doesn’t look like a serious concern,” Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen & Co., said in a note to clients. The engine problem is “not a design shortfall but what appears to be an easily fixable sub-tier supplier component issue.” Both CFM and rival Pratt & Whitney, which together make the bulk of engines for narrow-body commercial jets, have encountered faults as they’ve churned out turbines over the past year. Airbus has fallen behind in deliveries of its A320neo family of aircraft as Pratt’s cutting-edge geared turbofan engine encounters durability issues and production snarls. Executives of Air Lease Corp., a Los Angeles-based aircraft lessor, warned during an earnings call last week that a CFM-powered model was also encountering delays. CFM faces a steep production increase for the Leap, as Boeing and Airbus plot to increase narrow-body production by 33 per cent through the decade’s end. After delivering 77 of the engines last year, 28 fewer than it had predicted, CFM has targeted producing about 500 Leap this year and about 2,000 in 2020. “It’s important that this gets straightened out pronto,” Nicholas Heymann, an analyst at William Blair & Co., said of the engine issue. Bladed discs, located in the hot section of a turbofan engine, pull energy from the hot gases of the combustor to produce thrust. The components must be able to withstand extreme stresses and high temperatures inside the engine. The Leap 1-B engines, created for Boeing’s Max, were repeatedly inspected during more than 2,000 hours in the air for the Max 8’s flight test program, which concluded during the first quarter, Alder said. The engine endured another 3,000 simulated flight cycles during testing that ended last month so the plane would be certified for long ocean flights. The impact on airline customers eager to show off the brand-new planes wasn’t immediately apparent. Boeing has several unaffected engines available that it could swap to avoid lengthy delays on initial deliveries, Alder said. For Norwegian, also awaiting its first Max this month, the inspections “will result in a few days’ delay” but aren’t expected to disrupt the carrier’s new trans-Atlantic flights starting next month, spokesman Anders Lindstrom said in an email. The carrier had expected to take five more of the single-aisle planes in June. Southwest and American said they hadn’t been notified of any changes to their Max delivery schedules. Southwest is the second-biggest customer for the Max after Lion Air, with 200 on order, while American has ordered 100 of the planes. On-time delivery of Southwest’s Max planes is critical because the Dallas-based airline is counting on them to fill a gap when it retires its oldest aircraft on Oct. 1. Southwest is set to take delivery of its first Max in July, the airline’s chief financial officer said in January. American is scheduled to receive four Max aircraft this year, the first in the third quarter. With assistance from Mary Schlangenstein, Frederic Tomesco and Justin Bachman Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: News, World, Air travel, Boeing Company World Videos Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Dow and DuPont Announce Board of Directors for DowDuPont News provided by DuPont 11 May, 2017, 10:00 ET Share this article WILMINGTON, Del. and MIDLAND, Mich., May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- DuPont (NYSE: DD) and The Dow Chemical Company (NYSE: DOW) today announced the members of the Board of Directors for the proposed merger of equals transaction of the two companies. As determined by the merger agreement, the DowDuPont Board will consist of 16 directors – eight current Dow directors and eight current DuPont directors, as follows: From Dow: Andrew N. Liveris, Chairman and CEO, The Dow Chemical Company Jeff M. Fettig, Chairman and CEO, Whirlpool Corporation* James A. Bell, Former Chief Financial Officer, Boeing Raymond J. Milchovich, Former Chairman and CEO, Foster Wheeler Paul Polman, CEO, Unilever Dennis H. Reilley, Non-Executive Chairman, Marathon Oil Corp. James M. Ringler, Chairman, Teradata Corporation Ruth G. Shaw, Former Group Executive, Public Policy and President, Duke Nuclear From DuPont: Edward D. Breen, Chair and CEO, DuPont Alexander (Sandy) M. Cutler, Former Chairman & Chief Executive Officer of Eaton* Lamberto Andreotti, Former Chair of the Board and CEO of Bristol-Myers Squibb Robert A. Brown, President of Boston University James L. Gallogly, Former Chairman of the Management Board and CEO of LyondellBasell Industries N.V. Marillyn A. Hewson, Chairman, President, and Chief Executive Officer of Lockheed Martin Corporation Lois D. Juliber, Former Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of Colgate-Palmolive Company Lee M. Thomas, Former Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Rayonier           *Co-Lead Director of DowDuPont The appointments will be effective upon completion of the proposed merger transaction. While both companies work toward closing, the DuPont and Dow boards continue to advance the governance structure for DowDuPont.  Identified priorities of the DowDuPont Board include fulfilling governance and compliance requirements, and undertaking, as soon as practicable, a comprehensive review of the portfolios and their alignment, the total synergies and the time to spin each of the divisions. These priorities have been established in anticipation of the intended separation of DowDuPont into independent, publicly-traded companies through tax-efficient spin-offs.   "Today's announcement is another significant milestone in our progress to complete this value-creating transaction," said Andrew N. Liveris, chairman and chief executive officer of Dow. "Each of these executives brings decades of experience to the Board of DowDuPont, and we look forward to working with this world-class Board to help capture the committed synergies and drive the intended spins as swiftly as possible." "The DowDuPont board of directors will be composed of highly accomplished leaders who are intently focused on the creation of long-term value for shareholders," said Ed Breen, chairman and chief executive officer of DuPont.  "Together we will deliver on the significant promise of the DowDuPont combination and the subsequent intended creation of world-leading companies – enabling innovation, growth and reinvestment that will benefit all stakeholders." As previously disclosed, the companies will include a leading global pure-play Agriculture company; a leading global pure-play Materials Science company; and a leading technology and innovation-driven Specialty Products company. The DowDuPont Board is committed to ensuring that each of the companies will have clear focus, an appropriate capital structure, a distinct and compelling investment thesis, scale advantages, and focused investments in innovation to better deliver superior solutions and choices for customers. The companies reaffirm their expectation for closing of the merger to occur between August 1, 2017 and September 1, 2017, with the intended spin-offs to occur within 18 months of closing. Additional information is available at www.dowdupontunlockingvalue.com. ABOUT DOW Dow (NYSE: DOW) combines the power of science and technology to passionately innovate what is essential to human progress. The Company is driving innovations that extract value from material, polymer, chemical and biological science to help address many of the world's most challenging problems, such as the need for fresh food, safer and more sustainable transportation, clean water, energy efficiency, more durable infrastructure, and increasing agricultural productivity. Dow's integrated, market-driven portfolio delivers a broad range of technology-based products and solutions to customers in 175 countries and in high-growth sectors such as packaging, infrastructure, transportation, consumer care, electronics, and agriculture. In 2016, Dow had annual sales of $48 billion and employed approximately 56,000 people worldwide. The Company's more than 7,000 product families are manufactured at 189 sites in 34 countries across the globe. References to "Dow" or the "Company" mean The Dow Chemical Company and its consolidated subsidiaries unless otherwise expressly noted. More information about Dow can be found at www.dow.com. ABOUT DUPONT DuPont (NYSE: DD) has been bringing world-class science and engineering to the global marketplace in the form of innovative products, materials, and services since 1802. The company believes that by collaborating with customers, governments, NGOs, and thought leaders, we can help find solutions to such global challenges as providing enough healthy food for people everywhere, decreasing dependence on fossil fuels, and protecting life and the environment. For additional information about DuPont and its commitment to inclusive innovation, please visit www.dupont.com. Cautionary Notes on Forward Looking Statements This communication contains "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. In this context, forward-looking statements often address expected future business and financial performance and financial condition, and often contain words such as "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "plan," "believe," "seek," "see," "will," "would," "target," similar expressions, and variations or negatives of these words. Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as statements about the consummation of the proposed transaction and the anticipated benefits thereof. These and other forward-looking statements, including the failure to consummate the proposed transaction or to make or take any filing or other action required to consummate such transaction on a timely matter or at all, are not guarantees of future results and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward-looking statements. Important risk factors that may cause such a difference include, but are not limited to, (i) the completion of the proposed transaction on anticipated terms and timing, including obtaining regulatory approvals, anticipated tax treatment, unforeseen liabilities, future capital expenditures, revenues, expenses, earnings, synergies, economic performance, indebtedness, financial condition, losses, future prospects, business and management strategies for the management, expansion and growth of the new combined company's operations and other conditions to the completion of the merger, (ii) the ability of Dow and DuPont to integrate the business successfully and to achieve anticipated synergies, risks and costs and pursuit and/or implementation of the potential separations, including anticipated timing, any changes to the configuration of businesses included in the potential separation if implemented, (iii) the intended separation of the agriculture, material science and specialty products businesses of the combined company post-mergers in one or more tax efficient transactions on anticipated terms and timing, including a number of conditions which could delay, prevent or otherwise adversely affect the proposed transactions, including possible issues or delays in obtaining required regulatory approvals or clearances, disruptions in the financial markets or other potential barriers, (iv) potential litigation relating to the proposed transaction that could be instituted against Dow, DuPont or their respective directors, (v) the risk that disruptions from the proposed transaction will harm Dow's or DuPont's business, including current plans and operations, (vi) the ability of Dow or DuPont to retain and hire key personnel, (vii) potential adverse reactions or changes to business relationships resulting from the announcement or completion of the merger, (viii) uncertainty as to the long-term value of DowDuPont common stock, (ix) continued availability of capital and financing and rating agency actions, (x) legislative, regulatory and economic developments, (xi) potential business uncertainty, including changes to existing business relationships, during the pendency of the merger that could affect Dow's and/or DuPont's financial performance, (xii) certain restrictions during the pendency of the merger that may impact Dow's or DuPont's ability to pursue certain business opportunities or strategic transactions and (xiii) unpredictability and severity of catastrophic events, including, but not limited to, acts of terrorism or outbreak of war or hostilities, as well as management's response to any of the aforementioned factors. These risks, as well as other risks associated with the proposed merger, are more fully discussed in the joint proxy statement/prospectus included in the Registration Statement filed with the SEC in connection with the proposed merger. While the list of factors presented here is, and the list of factors presented in the Registration Statement are, considered representative, no such list should be considered to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. Unlisted factors may present significant additional obstacles to the realization of forward looking statements. Consequences of material differences in results as compared with those anticipated in the forward-looking statements could include, among other things, business disruption, operational problems, financial loss, legal liability to third parties and similar risks, any of which could have a material adverse effect on Dow's or DuPont's consolidated financial condition, results of operations, credit rating or liquidity. Neither Dow nor DuPont assumes any obligation to publicly provide revisions or updates to any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise, should circumstances change, except as otherwise required by securities and other applicable laws. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/dow-and-dupont-announce-board-of-directors-for-dowdupont-300456086.html SOURCE DuPont Related Links http://www.dupont.com 02 May, 2017, 10:51 ET Preview: Dow and DuPont Receive Conditional Approval from China's Ministry of Commerce for Proposed Merger of Equals My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 27 Apr, 2017, 06:45 ET Dow and DuPont Receive Conditional Approval from China's Ministry... 27 Apr, 2017, 06:45 ET DuPont Declares Second Quarter Dividend Explore More news releases in similar topics Chemical Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Personnel Announcements You just read: Dow and DuPont Announce Board of Directors for DowDuPont News provided by DuPont 11 May, 2017, 10:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Smart Bullets Market: Increase in Defense Budgets to Fuel Uptake, Says TMR ALBANY, New York, May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The global market for smart bullets demonstrates a consolidated structure, finds a research report by Transparency Market Research (TMR). The top six players, namely, Lockheed Martin Corp., BAE Systems, Boeing, Raytheon, Northrop Grumman Corp., and General Dynamics Corp. together held more than 60% of this market in 2016. As these leading players are focusing on product innovation and technological advancements in the current offerings to boost their market share, the competition within this market is likely to strengthen further in the near future, states the reserch study. As per TMR's estimations, the global smart bullets market, which stood at US$270.4 mn in 2015, is anticipated to expand at a healthy CAGR of 15.20% during the period from 2017 to 2025 and reach US$955.4 mn by the end of the forecast period. The land segment has emerged as the key end user of smart bullets and is expected to remain so over the next few years. Larger Defense Budget to Ensure North America's Dominance  The report also presents a geographical analysis of the worldwide market for smart bullets. As per the report, North America, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, and Europe are the key geographical segments of this market. North America led the global market with a share of more than 42% in 2016 and is anticipated to remain dominant throughout the forecast period. The increasing defense budget and the growing demand for weapons are likely to boost this regional market over the next few years. Apart from this, the presence of a large number of leading smart bullets manufacturers, such as Lockheed Martin Corp., The Raytheon Co., General Dynamics Corp., and Northrop Grumman Corp. is also anticipated to boost the North America market for smart bullets. The U.S. is likely to surface as the key domestic market in this region, notes the study. Make an inquiry @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=23873 Technological Innovation in Smart Bullets to Fuel Demand  "The technological innovations in the weapons sector is the key factor behind the growth of the market for smart bullets, says an analyst at TMR. The technological advances, such as the altering of the bullet's route according to the target, set through laser beam is also expected to boost this market substantially. Teledyne Scientific & Imaging (TSI) and Lockheed Martin had been awarded with a contract from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to develop 0.50 caliber smart bullets to have better accuracy to hit the target. In February 2016, the U.S. DARPA awarded a contract to Lockheed Martin Corporation's fire and missiles segment to design and develop medium-caliber smart bullets, which, upon completion, will help the navy to fight off attacks from missiles, fast attack boats, and aircrafts. All these developments are likely to propel the worldwide market for smart bullets over the forecast period. On the other hand, the lack of awareness among consumers and the high manufacturing costs of these bullets may hamper the growth of this market in the years to come, states the research study. Browse Press Release: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/smart-bullets-market.htm The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), titled "Smart Bullets Market (Product Types - Guided Smart Bullet and Self-guided Smart Bullet; End User - Airborne, Land, and Naval) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 - 2025." The segments covered in the global Smart bullets market are as follows: By Product Type  Guided Smart Bullets Self-guided Smart Bullets By End User  Airborne Land Naval By Geography  North America U.S. Canada Mexico Europe U.K. Russia France Germany Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa Saudi Arabia Rest of Middle East and Africa Latin America Brazil Rest of Latin America Top Most Research Reports by TMR:  Sports Gun Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sports-gun-market.html Commercial Aviation Crew Management System Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/commercial-aviation-crew-management-system-market.html About Us  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. US Office Contact: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Transparencymarketresearch CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Surveys, Polls & Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Household Cleaners Market Research Report, 2016 to 2024 – GMR Next PostNext Global Electric Shavers Market Research Report, 2016 to 2024 – GMR Search Recent Posts Vincit Group Oyj: Vincit Group Oyj voitti Suomen riistakeskuksen tarjouskilpailun – sopimuksen arvo 1,5 – 2,0 miljoonaa euroa neljän vuoden aikana Outotec Oyj: Johtohenkilöiden liiketoimet – Kimmo Kontola Outotec Oyj: Management transactions – Kimmo Kontola CORRECTION: Data on OMX Baltic Benchmark Fund issued shares as of May 11, 2017 CORRECTION: OMX Baltic Benchmark Fund 2017 m. gegužės 11 d. duomenys apie išleistas akcijas RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Smart Bullets Market: Increase in Defense Budgets to Fuel Uptake, Says TMR ALBANY, New York, May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The global market for smart bullets demonstrates a consolidated structure, finds a research report by Transparency Market Research (TMR). The top six players, namely, Lockheed Martin Corp., BAE Systems, Boeing, Raytheon, Northrop Grumman Corp., and General Dynamics Corp. together held more than 60% of this market in 2016. As these leading players are focusing on product innovation and technological advancements in the current offerings to boost their market share, the competition within this market is likely to strengthen further in the near future, states the reserch study. As per TMR’s estimations, the global smart bullets market, which stood at US$270.4 mn in 2015, is anticipated to expand at a healthy CAGR of 15.20% during the period from 2017 to 2025 and reach US$955.4 mn by the end of the forecast period. The land segment has emerged as the key end user of smart bullets and is expected to remain so over the next few years. Larger Defense Budget to Ensure North America‚s Dominance  The report also presents a geographical analysis of the worldwide market for smart bullets. As per the report, North America, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, and Europe are the key geographical segments of this market. North America led the global market with a share of more than 42% in 2016 and is anticipated to remain dominant throughout the forecast period. The increasing defense budget and the growing demand for weapons are likely to boost this regional market over the next few years. Apart from this, the presence of a large number of leading smart bullets manufacturers, such as Lockheed Martin Corp., The Raytheon Co., General Dynamics Corp., and Northrop Grumman Corp. is also anticipated to boost the North America market for smart bullets. The U.S. is likely to surface as the key domestic market in this region, notes the study. Make an inquiry @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=23873 Technological Innovation in Smart Bullets to Fuel Demand  „The technological innovations in the weapons sector is the key factor behind the growth of the market for smart bullets, says an analyst at TMR. The technological advances, such as the altering of the bullet’s route according to the target, set through laser beam is also expected to boost this market substantially. Teledyne Scientific & Imaging (TSI) and Lockheed Martin had been awarded with a contract from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to develop 0.50 caliber smart bullets to have better accuracy to hit the target. In February 2016, the U.S. DARPA awarded a contract to Lockheed Martin Corporation’s fire and missiles segment to design and develop medium-caliber smart bullets, which, upon completion, will help the navy to fight off attacks from missiles, fast attack boats, and aircrafts. All these developments are likely to propel the worldwide market for smart bullets over the forecast period. On the other hand, the lack of awareness among consumers and the high manufacturing costs of these bullets may hamper the growth of this market in the years to come, states the research study. Browse Press Release: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/smart-bullets-market.htm The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), titled „Smart Bullets Market (Product Types – Guided Smart Bullet and Self-guided Smart Bullet; End User – Airborne, Land, and Naval) – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 – 2025.„ The segments covered in the global Smart bullets market are as follows: By Product Type  Guided Smart Bullets Self-guided Smart Bullets By End User  Airborne Land Naval By Geography  North America U.S. Canada Mexico Europe U.K. Russia France Germany Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa Saudi Arabia Rest of Middle East and Africa Latin America Brazil Rest of Latin America Top Most Research Reports by TMR:  About Us  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company’s exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR’s experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR’s data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. US Office Contact: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA – Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Transparencymarketresearch SOURCE Transparency Market Research CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Porcine Gelatin Market 2017: PB Gelatins, Nitta Gelatin, Gelita, Rousselot, Geltech Next PostNext Solon Eiendom ASA : Share Capital reduction registered Search Recent Posts Vincit Group Oyj: Vincit Group Oyj voitti Suomen riistakeskuksen tarjouskilpailun – sopimuksen arvo 1,5 – 2,0 miljoonaa euroa neljän vuoden aikana Outotec Oyj: Johtohenkilöiden liiketoimet – Kimmo Kontola Outotec Oyj: Management transactions – Kimmo Kontola CORRECTION: Data on OMX Baltic Benchmark Fund issued shares as of May 11, 2017 CORRECTION: OMX Baltic Benchmark Fund 2017 m. gegužės 11 d. duomenys apie išleistas akcijas RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Smart Bullets Market: Increase in Defense Budgets to Fuel Uptake, Says TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research 11 May, 2017, 09:30 ET Share this article ALBANY, New York, May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The global market for smart bullets demonstrates a consolidated structure, finds a research report by Transparency Market Research (TMR). The top six players, namely, Lockheed Martin Corp., BAE Systems, Boeing, Raytheon, Northrop Grumman Corp., and General Dynamics Corp. together held more than 60% of this market in 2016. As these leading players are focusing on product innovation and technological advancements in the current offerings to boost their market share, the competition within this market is likely to strengthen further in the near future, states the reserch study. As per TMR's estimations, the global smart bullets market, which stood at US$270.4 mn in 2015, is anticipated to expand at a healthy CAGR of 15.20% during the period from 2017 to 2025 and reach US$955.4 mn by the end of the forecast period. The land segment has emerged as the key end user of smart bullets and is expected to remain so over the next few years. Larger Defense Budget to Ensure North America's Dominance  The report also presents a geographical analysis of the worldwide market for smart bullets. As per the report, North America, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, and Europe are the key geographical segments of this market. North America led the global market with a share of more than 42% in 2016 and is anticipated to remain dominant throughout the forecast period. The increasing defense budget and the growing demand for weapons are likely to boost this regional market over the next few years. Apart from this, the presence of a large number of leading smart bullets manufacturers, such as Lockheed Martin Corp., The Raytheon Co., General Dynamics Corp., and Northrop Grumman Corp. is also anticipated to boost the North America market for smart bullets. The U.S. is likely to surface as the key domestic market in this region, notes the study. Make an inquiry @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=23873 Technological Innovation in Smart Bullets to Fuel Demand  "The technological innovations in the weapons sector is the key factor behind the growth of the market for smart bullets, says an analyst at TMR. The technological advances, such as the altering of the bullet's route according to the target, set through laser beam is also expected to boost this market substantially. Teledyne Scientific & Imaging (TSI) and Lockheed Martin had been awarded with a contract from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to develop 0.50 caliber smart bullets to have better accuracy to hit the target. In February 2016, the U.S. DARPA awarded a contract to Lockheed Martin Corporation's fire and missiles segment to design and develop medium-caliber smart bullets, which, upon completion, will help the navy to fight off attacks from missiles, fast attack boats, and aircrafts. All these developments are likely to propel the worldwide market for smart bullets over the forecast period. On the other hand, the lack of awareness among consumers and the high manufacturing costs of these bullets may hamper the growth of this market in the years to come, states the research study. Browse Press Release: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/smart-bullets-market.htm The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), titled "Smart Bullets Market (Product Types - Guided Smart Bullet and Self-guided Smart Bullet; End User - Airborne, Land, and Naval) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 - 2025." The segments covered in the global Smart bullets market are as follows: By Product Type  Guided Smart Bullets Self-guided Smart Bullets By End User  Airborne Land Naval By Geography  North America U.S. Canada Mexico Europe U.K. Russia France Germany Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa Saudi Arabia Rest of Middle East and Africa Latin America Brazil Rest of Latin America Top Most Research Reports by TMR:  Sports Gun Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sports-gun-market.html Commercial Aviation Crew Management System Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/commercial-aviation-crew-management-system-market.html About Us  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. US Office Contact: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Transparencymarketresearch SOURCE Transparency Market Research 11 May, 2017, 08:30 ET Preview: Solar Street Lighting Market Expected to Reach US$ 22.30 Bn by 2025: Transparency Market Research My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 11 May, 2017, 07:30 ET Solar Street Lighting Market Expected to Reach US$ 22.30 Bn by... 11 May, 2017, 07:30 ET Global Superabsorbent Polymers Market: Introduction of Bio-based... Explore More news releases in similar topics Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Smart Bullets Market: Increase in Defense Budgets to Fuel Uptake, Says TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research 11 May, 2017, 09:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Global Smart Bullets Market: Increase in Defense Budgets to Fuel Uptake, Says TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research 11 May, 2017, 14:30 BST Share this article ALBANY, New York, May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The global market for smart bullets demonstrates a consolidated structure, finds a research report by Transparency Market Research (TMR). The top six players, namely, Lockheed Martin Corp., BAE Systems, Boeing, Raytheon, Northrop Grumman Corp., and General Dynamics Corp. together held more than 60% of this market in 2016. As these leading players are focusing on product innovation and technological advancements in the current offerings to boost their market share, the competition within this market is likely to strengthen further in the near future, states the reserch study. As per TMR's estimations, the global smart bullets market, which stood at US$270.4 mn in 2015, is anticipated to expand at a healthy CAGR of 15.20% during the period from 2017 to 2025 and reach US$955.4 mn by the end of the forecast period. The land segment has emerged as the key end user of smart bullets and is expected to remain so over the next few years. Larger Defense Budget to Ensure North America's Dominance  The report also presents a geographical analysis of the worldwide market for smart bullets. As per the report, North America, Latin America, the Middle East and Africa, Asia Pacific, and Europe are the key geographical segments of this market. North America led the global market with a share of more than 42% in 2016 and is anticipated to remain dominant throughout the forecast period. The increasing defense budget and the growing demand for weapons are likely to boost this regional market over the next few years. Apart from this, the presence of a large number of leading smart bullets manufacturers, such as Lockheed Martin Corp., The Raytheon Co., General Dynamics Corp., and Northrop Grumman Corp. is also anticipated to boost the North America market for smart bullets. The U.S. is likely to surface as the key domestic market in this region, notes the study. Make an inquiry @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=23873 Technological Innovation in Smart Bullets to Fuel Demand  "The technological innovations in the weapons sector is the key factor behind the growth of the market for smart bullets, says an analyst at TMR. The technological advances, such as the altering of the bullet's route according to the target, set through laser beam is also expected to boost this market substantially. Teledyne Scientific & Imaging (TSI) and Lockheed Martin had been awarded with a contract from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA) to develop 0.50 caliber smart bullets to have better accuracy to hit the target. In February 2016, the U.S. DARPA awarded a contract to Lockheed Martin Corporation's fire and missiles segment to design and develop medium-caliber smart bullets, which, upon completion, will help the navy to fight off attacks from missiles, fast attack boats, and aircrafts. All these developments are likely to propel the worldwide market for smart bullets over the forecast period. On the other hand, the lack of awareness among consumers and the high manufacturing costs of these bullets may hamper the growth of this market in the years to come, states the research study. Browse Press Release: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/smart-bullets-market.htm The study presented here is based on a report by Transparency Market Research (TMR), titled "Smart Bullets Market (Product Types - Guided Smart Bullet and Self-guided Smart Bullet; End User - Airborne, Land, and Naval) - Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 - 2025." The segments covered in the global Smart bullets market are as follows: By Product Type  Guided Smart Bullets Self-guided Smart Bullets By End User  Airborne Land Naval By Geography  North America U.S. Canada Mexico Europe U.K. Russia France Germany Rest of Europe Asia Pacific India China Japan Rest of Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa Saudi Arabia Rest of Middle East and Africa Latin America Brazil Rest of Latin America Top Most Research Reports by TMR:  Sports Gun Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sports-gun-market.html Commercial Aviation Crew Management System Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/commercial-aviation-crew-management-system-market.html About Us  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. US Office Contact: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Transparencymarketresearch SOURCE Transparency Market Research 11 May, 2017, 13:30 BST Preview: Solar Street Lighting Market Expected to Reach US$ 22.30 Bn by 2025: Transparency Market Research My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 11 May, 2017, 13:30 BSTSolar Street Lighting Market Expected to Reach US$ 22.30 Bn by... 11 May, 2017, 12:30 BSTGlobal Superabsorbent Polymers Market: Introduction of Bio-based... Explore More news releases in similar topics Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Smart Bullets Market: Increase in Defense Budgets to Fuel Uptake, Says TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research 11 May, 2017, 14:30 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Photos Videos Topics Live WI 14/0 (11) - PAK 376/10 (146.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Kapil Mishra Emmanuel Macron Narendra Modi Exam results 2017 Bahubali 2 News Business News Nordic airline Primera orders Boeing 737 MAX planes to fly transatlantic Shares1 Thu, 11 May 2017-06:36pm , Reuters Nordic budget airline Primera Air has agreed to buy eight of Boeing's new 737 MAX aircraft for more than $950 million at list prices, and has an option to buy an additional four planes, the companies said on Thursday. Primera said it wanted the new planes as it plans to start offering transatlantic flights, the latest low-cost European carrier to do so after Norwegian Air, Eurowings and British Airways' Level. The order also includes the sale of another eight 737 MAX planes to Air Lease Corp, which will lease them in turn to Primera - bringing the total order to 20 planes. The companies did not disclose the value of the total order. Boeing halted test flights of the 737 MAX airplanes on Wednesday due to an issue with the engine, which is made by CFM International, a joint venture between Safran and GE. Safran said on Thursday it aimed to fix the glitch within weeks. Primera Air, which is Icelandic owned but based in Copenhagen, currently operates nine planes, all Boeing, serving European destinations. It is the latest carrier that intends to use single-aisle planes to operate transatlantic routes, which are typically flown by wide-body planes in order to keep costs down. "This aircraft has a lower per-seat cost than the current wide-body aircraft servicing the transatlantic (routes)," Primera Air President Andri M. Ingolfsson said in a statement. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Money It's a dog's world Money RInfra wins Rs 2,950 cr in arbitration against DMRC, to pare debt Money CEA questions rating agencies' double standards on India, China Money SBI to charge for ATM withdrawals via e-wallets Money Flipkart, Snapdeal to sign LoI for merger next week Money Softbank gets nod from co-investor Nexus for selling Snapdeal to Flipkart Live Cricket Score Live WI 14/0 (11) WI trail by 362 runs PAK 376/10 (146.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary Ireland vs Bangladesh Fri, 12 May 2017, 03:15 PM IST Related Govt owes Rs 451.75 crore to Air India for VVIP flights, reveals RTI Air India to hire 80 co-pilots for wide-body Boeing planes Don't fly with expats in cockpit: Jet Airways pilots' body to members Video WATCH: DNA plays Antakshari with Meri Pyaari Bindu stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Parineeti Chopra Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic View all Tags Boeing Safran British Airways CFM International Copenhagen Eurowings Air Lease Corp SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Mexican President tweets DiCaprio in reply to plea over rare porpoise France's Macron open to talks with willing conservatives Kapil Mishra's mother accuses Kejriwal of spreading lies US think-tank launches web portal to track Indian states Uphaar fire: HC upholds tampering charge against Ansals Sport SHOWCASE-Soccer-Hull's last games like 'Champions League finals' Sakshi Malik enters finals at Asian Wrestling Championship Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Friday, May 12 Madrid Open: World no.1 Andy Murray sent packing by unseeded Borna Coric, Novak Djokovic reaches quarters NSW cricketer Ryan Carters announces retirement at 26! Entertainment THIS is when Aamir Khan and Amitabh Bachchan starrer 'Thugs of Hindostan' will begin rolling! Lucky to be chosen for 'Fantastic Beasts..': Johnny Depp Salman Khan's 'Tubelight': Check out the poster of 'The Radio Song'! Stephen Colbert responds to Trump's 'No-Talent' criticism 'I Win!' The Chainsmokers, Halsey to perform at Billboard Music Awards Money India will clock over 7.5% growth in 2017-18: Fin Secy Ashok GLOBAL MARKETS-Asian shares retreat, but on track for winning week April CPI inflation to slip to 3.2% from 3.8% in Mar: BofA-ML Sensex off record highs, down 52 points in late morning trade Introducing MOX@Techzone will ensure ground level success for programs Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Latest News Dow 20,919 -23.69 -0.11% Nasdaq 6,116 -13.18 -0.22% S&P 500 2,394 -5.19 -0.22% 3:03 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 12,727 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens flat at 5,385.13 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens flat at 7,388.43 3:01 A.M. ET Updated Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens 0.1% higher at 394.74 2:53 A.M. ET AstraZeneca plans Imfinzi submission after trial 2:51 A.M. ET German GDP up 0.6% on buoyant trade, beating U.S. 2:15 A.M. ET Noble shares slide to fresh 15-year low 2:14 A.M. ET Petrobras posts biggest profit in 2 years 2:14 A.M. ET Greece eyes bond sale amid optimism over debt deal 1:58 A.M. ET United Internet to acquire Drillisch for $3.04B 1:15 A.M. ET Updated Oil poised to gain more than 3% this week as hopes grow over OPEC resolve 12:57 A.M. ET Petrobras posts largest profit in two years 12:01 A.M. ET Fraud alerts are on the rise. Here’s why. 12:01 A.M. ET Why credit and debit card fraud alerts have spiked 5/11 Judge deals blows against Uber in legal battle with Alphabet 5/11 White House announces trade deal with China to boost U.S. exports 5/11 Asian markets pull back after weak earnings in U.S. 5/11 United evacuates Houston flight after scorpion spotted 5/11 San Francisco sues Uber to obtain information about local drivers Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Boeing should soon resume 737 Max jetliner flights, deliveries By Robert Wall Published: May 11, 2017 8:43 a.m. ET Share A limited number of the Leap-1B engines are affected by a manufacturing quality problem Getty Images By RobertWall Boeing Co. should able to resume flying its new 737 Max jetliner soon and deliver the first of the planes this month after a flaw in some of its engines forced the plane maker to halve flights, a key engine supplier said Thursday, A limited number of the Leap-1B engines powering the Boeing plane are affected by a manufacturing quality problem, said Olivier Andriès, head of Safran Aircraft Engines. The French company SAFRY, -0.85%  makes the engines in the CFM International joint venture with General Electric Co. GE, +0.59%   Boeing BA, +0.41%  Wednesday said it temporarily idled its fleet of 737 Max planes days before it planned to dispatch the first of the single-aisle jets to Malaysia for use by a unit of Indonesia’s Lion Air, the launch operator. It said the first plane is still due to be handed over this month, the Chicago-based plane maker said. Andriès said one supplier he wouldn’t identify had delivered suspect parts in the turbine, the key part of an aircraft engine. Those engines will be partly disassembled with parts shipped back to France for inspection. Getting all engines checked and fixed should be completed in “a few weeks,” he said. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Most popular at WSJ.com: Russia probe grows amid turmoil. Sorry, Harvard, trading whiz kids are at Baruch College. More from MarketWatch With Comey Fired, What Happens to Russia Probe? Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records Why GOP Health Bill May Disappear in Senate Quote References SAFRY -0.18 -0.85% GE +0.17 +0.59% BA +0.76 +0.41% Most Popular Exclusive: Lawyer for man dragged from United flight isn’t laughing at viral New Yorker cover Nvidia’s $3 billion chip sends stock to yet more records Watch as helicopter warns surfers they’re next to ‘approximately 15 great white sharks’ Morgan Stanley says risk of a recession has decreased to 1-in-4 odds 'Forest Bathers' Seek Therapeutic Effects of Trees MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found SAFRAN S.A. ADR U.S.: OTC: SAFRY $20.59 -0.18 (-0.85%) Volume 70566 Open $20.64 High $20.68 Low $20.52 P/E Ratio 16.45 Div Yield 1.75 Market Cap 35.1B General Electric Co. U.S.: NYSE: GE $28.87 +0.17 (+0.59%) Volume 27.3M Open $28.68 High $28.89 Low $28.50 P/E Ratio 26.62 Div Yield 3.33 Market Cap 249.9B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $183.94 +0.76 (+0.41%) Volume 2.8M Open $182.90 High $184.33 Low $182.17 P/E Ratio 22.54 Div Yield 3.09 Market Cap 110.6B
The cases against Vijay Mallya | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Companies Last Modified: Thu, May 11 2017. 03 38 PM IST Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights due to engine issue Boeing said it had temporarily halted test flights of its new 737 MAX aircraft due to an issue with the engine Subscribe to our newsletter. Alwyn Scott The 737 MAX replaces an older version of Boeing’s best-selling single-aisle aircraft, a key moneymaker for the aerospace company. Photo: Reuters Seattle: Boeing Co said on Wednesday it had temporarily halted test flights of its new 737 MAX aircraft due to an issue with the engine, which is jointly made by General Electric Co and Safran SA of France. The grounding comes days before Boeing was due to deliver its first 737 MAX to an airline and marks a high-profile delay in a program that Boeing had said was ahead of schedule. It poses no safety concerns for travellers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 MAX but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. Boeing and engine maker CFM said they do not know how long the delay will last. Boeing shares fell 1.3% to $183.15 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange. GE shares were down 0.9% at $28.67. The 737 MAX replaces an older version of Boeing’s best-selling single-aisle aircraft, a key moneymaker for the aerospace company. The 737 MAX 8, the first version of the plane to be built, seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration. It carries a list price of $110 million but airlines typically receive steep discounts. A delay in getting aircraft to customers likely would cause a build up in Boeing’s inventory, “as planes essentially sit waiting for engines,” said analyst Rob Stallard at Vertical Research Partners. “Investors are acutely focused” on the risks of speeding up production of the new engine, known as the LEAP-1B, he said. Separately, Airbus said it was continuing flights with its A320neo, which is powered by the similar LEAP-1A engine and is flying customers. Malaysian carrier Malindo Air was set to receive the first 737 MAX delivery on Monday and use the jet for its Kuala Lumpur-Singapore route from 19 May. But Malindo chief executive officer Chandran Rama Muthy told Reuters that it does not plan to use the plane until 22 May, without elaborating on the reason for the delay. Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA, which was due to receive its first 737 MAX near the end of May, said it expected a “a few days’ delay.” “This will, however, not delay the launch of our upcoming trans-Atlantic routes from the United States to Edinburgh,” spokesman Anders Lindstrom said in an email. Southwest Airlines Co, the initial customer for the 737 MAX, said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Southwest is expected to begin receiving the jet later in the year after it retires some older 737s. American Airlines Group Inc, which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment. The issue arose late last week when Safran found a quality problem in a large metal disc used in the low-pressure turbine at the rear of the engine, said Jamie Jewell, a spokesman for the engine maker, CFM International. CFM notified Boeing, which immediately grounded the fleet of about 21 planes. GE spokesman Rick Kennedy said the disc that prompted the concern had not been installed in an engine. “There have been no issues whatsoever with engines in the field,” Jewell said. All of the 30 to 40 engines that have been built so far will be sent either to Lafayette, Indiana, or Villaroche, France, for inspection, Kennedy said. Many will need to be removed from aircraft and shipped, Jewell said. It was not clear how long the inspections would take to complete. Safran received the disc from a supplier but there are other suppliers of that part so production of the engine was continuing, Kennedy said. Reuters Alwyn Scott Topics: Boeing 737 MAX Boeing engine 737 MAX test flight Aircraft More From Livemint READ MORE Nasa detects signs of water on distant ‘warm Neptune’ Best Android smartphones to buy on a tight budget Highway liquor ban to impact United Spirits until September, says analyst First Published: Thu, May 11 2017. 03 38 PM IST Editor's Picks Flipkart makes $1 billion informal offer for Snapdeal Top 7 IT firms including Infosys, Wipro to lay off at least 56,000 employees this year India among the most expensive places to order a Starbucks latte Latest News Best Android smartphones to buy on a tight budget Highway liquor ban to impact United Spirits until September, says analyst Airlines fret about laptop ban from Europe during peak season Nepal signs up to China’s new Silk Road plan IPL 2017: Kings XI Punjab faces Pune Supergiant in another do-or-die match Mint On Sunday 1965 Nanda Devi spy mission, the movie Meeting Lucy in Ethiopia, and other travel stories from the cradle of humanity The Universe of the Mantra Secrets of the world’s biggest gin collection The Tao of thinking Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boeing, Primera Air Announce Order for Up to 20 737 MAX 9s Scandinavian low-cost airline to utilize airplane to open new transatlantic routes SEATTLE, May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] and Primera Air today announced an order for eight 737 MAX 9 airplanes, valued at more than $950 million at list prices. The agreement also includes purchase rights for four additional 737 MAX 9s and a lease agreement for eight more airplanes from Air Lease Corporation. The 737 MAX 9 will form the backbone of the low-cost airline's future as it seeks to commence flights between Europe and North America. Primera Air plans to use the MAX 9's auxiliary fuel tanks to lower trip costs and maximize the range to accommodate flights connecting Europe to the east coast of the U.S. "The 737 MAX 9 will allow Primera Air to open up nonstop, long-haul routes from Europe to the U.S. with unmatched economics," said Andri M. Ingolfsson, President, Primera Air. "This aircraft has a lower per-seat cost than the current wide body aircraft servicing the transatlantic and the capabilities of this aircraft type will change the economics of the industry. This will open up fantastic possibilities for growth for Primera Air in the future." "Primera Air's commitment is a major endorsement of the 737 MAX 9 and its ability to serve new transatlantic markets," said Monty Oliver, vice president, European Sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "The MAX 9 will provide Primera Air unmatched efficiency, range, reliability and operating costs, while continuing to provide a premium on-board experience for its passengers." Primera Air is an all-Boeing carrier currently operating a fleet of nine Next-Generation 737-700s and 737-800s with flights to more than 70 airports in Europe. Primera Air is part of the Primera Travel Group that operates travel agencies and tour operating companies in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Iceland and Estonia. The 737 MAX family has been designed to offer customers exceptional performance, flexibility and efficiency, with lower per-seat costs and an extended range that will open up new destinations in the single-aisle market. The MAX 8 and 9 will be followed in 2019 by the smaller MAX 7 and higher capacity MAX 200, while studies and customer discussions continue on further growing the family. The 737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history, accumulating more than 3,700 orders from 87 customers worldwide. Contact: Keelan Morris Boeing Commercial Airplanes Communications + 44(0)208 235 5664 keelan.j.morris@boeing.com   SOURCE Boeing CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Airlines/Aviation, Contracts, Licensing/Marketing Agreements, Passenger Aviation, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad, Travel Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Differences Between Consolidated Results for Fiscal 2016 and Fiscal 2015 Next PostNext Global Cefazolin Sodium Market Forecast 2017 – 2022 – Acs Dobfar Spa, Fresenius Kabi Anti-Infectives, Olon, Orchid Search Recent Posts Winner of “Design ‘N Gather” (DNG) Mosaic Competition Unveiled at “Hyde Bellagio Selfie Studio” Business Awards Receive Record Number of Entries Alterra Power Announces Results for the Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 and Annual General and Special Meeting Waste Management Announces Cash Dividend II-17-031: NRC To Conduct Open House to Discuss 2016 Performance of Turkey Point Nuclear Plant RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Airlines / Aviation LATEST NEWS US President Donald Trump signs executive order on cybersecurity Not against legal immigration: US President Donald Trump GE chief Jeff Immelt bets big on digital factories, shareholders are wary PM Narendra Modi participates in Vesak Day celebration in Sri Lanka April retail inflation seen easing to three-month low CBI, Enforcement Directorate tell UK that Vijay Mallya plotted criminal conspiracy Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinanceInsure Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportRoadwaysTechTelecomMiscellaneousDefenceEquipment & Ordnancemobility & weaponsSportsCSRInitiativesPolicyEnvironment RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportRoadways ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 10:59 AM | 12 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,191-59.54 NIFTY 50 9,400-22.25 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,03632.00 USD/INR 64.32-0.05 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Heavy landing in 'Hong Kong', Jet Airways pilot avoids reporting By Saurabh Sinha , TNN | Updated: May 11, 2017, 02.23 PM IST Post a Comment Company Summary NSE BSE Jet Airways Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You A top Jet Airways pilot allegedly did not report a heavy landing made by a wide body aircraft due to which the plane was not subjected to mandatory structural safety checks and kept flying without the same. The alleged non-reporting happened on April 28, 2017, while operating a flight on a Boeing 777 (VT-JEQ) from Delhi to Hong Kong. The commander was also acting as the designated examiner, doing the tenth and final route check of a co-pilot who would have been promoted to the rank of captain, had he operated this flight perfectly. However, due to some reportedly incorrect procedures like “inadequate flare” the aircraft touched down before the touch down point and made a heavy landing — in technical terms it made a 3.2 G landing while according to Boeing, the B-777 should not have over 2G landing. Since such heavy landings can damage aircraft structure, it is mandatory to get the plane checked to ensure it is not stressed or damaged before being released for flights again. But in this case the crew did not report the issue due to which the aircraft has been flying unchecked since the heavy landing last week. On the other hand, the commander failed his co-pilot for the “inadequate flare” which led to the hard landing. A statement by Jet said: “Hard landings are not an uncommon phenomena in the industry and reporting a hard landing depends on crew judgement and other factors. In the absence of empirical assessments, reporting of such events that may require maintenance inspection is dependent primarily, on crew prudence. The said aircraft remained serviceable even after completion of requisite inspections. “The airline has an internal active safety management system, which is continuously updated with learnings from across the aviation industry. At Jet Airways, safety of our guests, crew and assets is of paramount importance.” Defining the duties of a designated examiner, DGCA rules say: “The pilot in command retains all command responsibility and is ultimately responsible for the safety of operation… The designated examiner shall remain alert to all flight safety hazards and announce these immediately.” (This article was originally published in The Times of India) Comments(0)Add Comments Heavy landing in 'Hong Kong', Jet Airways pilot avoids reporting To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter READ MORE ONJet AirwaysHeavy landingDGCA rules Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB In conversation with Maneet Chauhan State Farm Going right Profitable option in Bangalore property market Property Share 15 Most Beautiful Women In The World CrazyFreelancerMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Help save 3-year-old Mervin from Brain Cancer Milaap 12 astonishing amazing parks you can visit in USA Viral Vacation Ideas Top deals on Italian restaurants in Bangalore Dineout Buy Fire TV Stick with Voice Remote @ $49.99 Amazon L&T Tech Services IPO subscribed 2.48 times on Day 3, closes Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Tata just unveiled its first sports coupe - TaMo RaceMo Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Railway line linking Kashmir with rest of India may become functional by 2021 Russian Rosneft's $12.9 billion Essar Oil deal held up over debt issues SBI's merger could see the banking behemoth leapfrogging into the global top 50 All ATM withdrawals not chargeable, clarifies SBI SBI to allow ATM withdrawals via e-wallet; denies charge hike reports More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|GL vs DD Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Advert Friday, May 12, 2017 23°C [Forecast]   Sign in or Create your Account Sign in Use your timesofmalta.com account to login: Email: Password: Create your Account Need help signing in? Or Sign in with Facebook or Google Times of Malta Homepage Advert Premium articles Popular stories Digital Archive e-Paper Subscribe to Premium Timestalk News National World Social & Personal Education Interview Environment Gozo Pictures Religion Videos Odd News Sport Football Formula 1 Basketball Waterpolo Horse Racing Shooting Rugby Tennis Athletics Business News International Market Analysis Comment Technology Features Consumer Affairs Comment Editorial Opinion Letters Blogs Cartoons Life Health & Fitness Features Fashion & Beauty Homes Motoring Escape Arts & Entertainment Travel Food & Drink Books ARTE Classifieds Property For Sale Property Wanted To Let Vehicles For Sale Situations Vacant For Sale More » Careers Finance and Legal Management IT and Engineering Sales and Marketing Services Digital Archive e-Paper Book Store Sudoku Weather Letters to the editor Thursday, May 11, 2017, 10:37 Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights due to engine issue The Boeing 737 MAX at the Boeing plant in Renton, Washington. Photo: Reuters Boeing Co said today it had temporarily halted test flights of its new 737 MAX aircraft due to an issue with the engine, which is jointly made by General Electric Co and Safran SA of France. The grounding comes days before Boeing was due to deliver its first 737 MAX to an airline and marks a high-profile delay in a program that Boeing had said was ahead of schedule. It poses no safety concerns for travellers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 MAX but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. Boeing and engine maker CFM said they did not know how long the delay would last. It poses no safety concerns for travellers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 MAX but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists The 737 MAX replaces an older version of Boeing's best-selling single-aisle aircraft, a key moneymaker for the aerospace company. The 737 MAX 8, the first version of the plane to be built, seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration. It carries a list price of $110 million but airlines typically receive steep discounts. A delay in getting aircraft to customers likely would cause a build-up in Boeing's inventory, "as planes essentially sit waiting for engines," said analyst Rob Stallard at Vertical Research Partners. Separately, Airbus said it was continuing flights with its A320neo, which is powered by the similar LEAP-1A engine and is flying customers. Malaysian carrier Malindo Air was set to receive the first 737 MAX delivery on Monday and use the jet for its Kuala Lumpur-Singapore route from May 19. But Malindo CEO Chandran Rama Muthy told Reuters that it does not plan to use the plane until May 22, without elaborating on the reason for the delay. Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA, which was due to receive its first 737 MAX near the end of May, said it expected a "a few days' delay." "This will, however, not delay the launch of our upcoming trans-Atlantic routes from the United States to Edinburgh,” spokesman Anders Lindstrom said in an email. Southwest Airlines Co, the initial customer for the 737 MAX, said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Southwest is expected to begin receiving the jet later in the year after it retires some older 737s. American Airlines Group Inc, which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment. The issue arose late last week when Safran found a quality problem in a large metal disc used in the low-pressure turbine at the rear of the engine, said Jamie Jewell, a spokesman for the engine maker, CFM International. CFM notified Boeing, which immediately grounded the fleet of about 21 planes. GE spokesman Rick Kennedy said the disc that prompted the concern had not been installed in an engine. "There have been no issues whatsoever with engines in the field," Jewell said. All of the 30 to 40 engines that have been built so far will be sent either to Lafayette, Indiana, or Villaroche, France, for inspection, Kennedy said. Many will need to be removed from aircraft and shipped, Jewell said. It was not clear how long the inspections would take to complete. Safran received the disc from a supplier but there are other suppliers of that part so production of the engine was continuing, Kennedy said. (Reuters) « Britain dismisses report of worsening relations between May and Hammond Interest rates may need to rise before late 2019 - Bank of England » Advert See our Comments Policy Comments are submitted under the express understanding and condition that the editor may, and is authorised to, disclose any/all of the above personal information to any person or entity requesting the information for the purposes of legal action on grounds that such person or entity is aggrieved by any comment so submitted. Please allow some time for your comment to be moderated. Comments not loading? We recommend using Google Chrome or Mozilla Firefox with javascript turned on. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus   Advert Similar Stories Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights due to... Popular Stories Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights due to... Tunisian president orders army to... Interest rates may need to rise before... Italy arrests Libyan suspected of... New South Korea President says he is... Police believe toddler died in Quebec... White House protesters demand probe of... Britain dismisses report of worsening... VW rejects calls to publish dieselgate... The Strickland Foundation Advert X Popup Times of Malta Premium This article is part of our premium content. You have exceeded your 10 free articles for this month. A subscription is required to access Times of Malta content from overseas. Register to get 10 free articles per month. Subscribe to gain access to our premium content and services. Your subscription will also enable you to view all of the week's e-paper editions (both Times of Malta and The Sunday Times of Malta), view exclusive content, have full access to our newspaper archive to download editions from 1930 to today, and access the website in full from overseas. All of this will also be available to you from our tablet and mobile apps. Already have an account? Sign in here. Subscribe to continue reading Send us your story | Terms & Conditions | Privacy Policy | Comments Policy | Print Ad Rate | Online Ad Rate | Contact us | Report a bug | Copyright © 2017 timesofmalta.com Copyright © Allied Newspapers Ltd., printed on - 12-05-2017 - Printed content is for personal use only, and should not be distributed
Menu Search here Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events All events 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm Highlights All Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Mining All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Conferences Tech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus All Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Sign-Up Login Watch us Like us Follow us Pro NA Pro AU Fuller Treacy Money Stocktube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Pro NAPro AU Pro HK FULLER TREACY MONEY StockTube Mining Capital Oil Capital Tech Capital Biotech Capital Sign up UNITED KINGDOM USA Australia Germany China Login × Login Email Password Sign in Did you forget your password? Click here for recovery Or login using... × Send Email To: * Separate multiple addresses with commas. From: Name: Please send me a copy Message: Verification code: * Enter the code from above Send × Preferences Profile Password Edit your personal details Email First Name Last Name Mobile/Cell Home/Daytime Work Gender Male Female Hometown Primary Country Corporate Website I want to get marketing materials from Proactive Investors More about yourself Tell us a little bit about you and your interests Occupation Portfolio Size No portfolio €1 - €49,000 €50,000 - €99,000 €100,000 - €499,000 €500,000 - €1,000,000 +€1000,000 Interest (You can select more then one) General Interest Educational Private Investor Professional Investor Institutional Investor Hedge Fund Manager Public Relations Financial Services Broker Media / Press Change your password Password Password Repeat × Contact Support Your email: * Problematic page url * Message * Verification code Enter the code from above * Home Articles Newswires Videos UK INVESTOR SHOW BIOTECH CAPITAL TECH CAPITAL MINES & MONEY OIL COUNCIL MINING CAPITAL OIL CAPITAL Elevator Pitch Big Picture Columnists Companies All Companies All Featured UK Featured North America Featured Australia Featured Events 18 May 2017. 6pm 25 May 2017. 6pm 31 May 2017. 6pm × Advanced Search Keyword Search by CHANNEL SECTOR MARKET AUTHOR Energy Mining Pharma & Biotech Tech In Focus Aerospace Aerospace & Defense Agribusiness Automobiles & Parts Banks Basic Materials Beverages Broadcasting & Entertainment Building Material & Fixtures Business Support Services Capital Goods Chemicals Cleantech and Renewable Energy Clothing & Footwear Computer Hardware Computer Services Construction & Materials Consumer Finance Consumer Services Diamonds & Gemstones Education Electronic & Electrical Equipment Energy Engineering Equity Instruments ETF - Exchange-Traded Fund Exploration & Production Financial Financial Admin Food & Beverages Food & Drug Retailers Forestry & Paper Furnishings Gambling General Financials General Industry General Mining General Mining - Coal General Mining - Copper General Mining - Diamonds & Gemstones General Mining - Gold General Mining - Iron Ore and Bauxite General Mining - Lithium General Mining - Moly, Chrome, Tungsten & Manganese General Mining - Nickel and Cobalt General Mining - Platinum Group Metals General Mining - Potash and Phosphate General Mining - Rare Earth Minerals General Mining - Silver General Mining - Uranium & Lithium General Mining - Zinc, Lead and Tin General Retailers Gold Mining Growth Companies Health Care, Equipment & Services Industrial Machinery Industrial Metals Industrial Suppliers Insurance Integrated Oil & Gas Internet Internet Investment Funds & Companies Investment Services IT Hardware Leisure Manufacturing Media & Publishing Medical Cannabis Mining Mobile Communications Multiutilities Nonequity Investment Instruments Oil & Gas Oil & Gas Equipment & Services Oil & Gas Exploration & Production Other Industry News Personal Products Pharma & Biotech Pharmaceuticals Platinum & Precious Metals Real Estate Real Estate Holding & Development Recreational Services Renewable Energy Restaurants, pubs Semiconductors Software & Computer Services Specialty Chemicals Specialty Finance Specialty Retailers Sports Support Services Tech Technology Hardware & Equipment Telecommunications Equipment Telecoms Telecoms services Transportation Travel Leisure Travel, Leisure & Hospitality Utilities All UK Markets All North American Markets PRIVATE AIM OTCQB PINK TMP AMEX LSE PLUS ASX TSX JSE NASDAQ FRA TSX-V OTCBB KRX OTC FFT NYSE XETRA ISE MCE CSE COLOMBO NASDAQ OMX OSL GXG GSX NSX NEX OTCMKTS EPA SGX Frankfurt Code NYSEMKT ETR HKG AEX Ian Mclelland Craig Ribton Ian Lyall Philip Whiterow Sam Kiri Ruth Gemmell Andrew McCrea John Phillips John Harrington Deborah Bacal Carrie Howes Brian Keane Peter Murray Jamie Ashcroft Giles Gwinnett Northland Capital Deborah Sterescu Charlotte Kan Anwar Ali Bevis Yeo Mourad Haroutunian Gordon Aldcorn Alessandro Bruno Jane Sully Jackie Steinitz Steve Asfour Natasha Barr Proactive Investors John McGoldrick SP Angel HB Markets Ransquawk Fuller Treavy Galvan Trader Talk Hybridan Fox-Davies Fat Prophets Alistair Strang Edison's weekly research summary The Naked Trader Keith Heddle Michael Millar Angus Warren Beaufort Securities Markets At A Glance Sprott Group Susan McKenzie Charlotte Kan Leigh Bolton Adam Sheldrake Sophie Barrowman Emma Milton Northland Capital IG Group Malcolm Graham-Wood Nick Huber Nicola Brown Andrew Neil Shard Capital Damon Heath Gareth Burchell Juliet Mann Jon Hopkins Accendo Markets Sarah Lowther Greg Watson Nigel Roberts . Fuller Treacy Money Philip Waller Jonathan Jones Alastair Ford Glen Jones Thomas Coleman Stewart Dalby Eithne Treanor RFC Ambrian Ben Marlow Richard Embrey Ebiquity Kieron Hodgson Stefania Barbaglio Sasha Sethi Jeremy Naylor Jamie Nimmo Carrie White George Matlock Josh Allsopp Tom Howard VSA Capital George Matlock Charles Breese Roger Lawson Andrew Scott Jonathon Narvey Jonathon Narvey Angela Kean Christine Feary Andre Lamberti Jeff Coote Sergei Balashov Brad Lemaire Joyanta Acharjee Olivia D'Orazio Jon Mainwaring Ross Louthean, Mineweb.net Fiona MacDonald Erin Sugar Richard Badauskas Metals Place Kam Patel Julie Crust Chris Shaw Dorothy Kosich Stephen Feldman Jon Hopkins Tip Tv Renae Dyer The Naked Fund Manager Lionel Therond Ed Stacey James Dolman James Eginton Sam Catalano Ed Birkin Andy Brown Fahad Changazi Zak Mir Riccardo Lowi Eugene Gallagher David Eaton Youssef Essaegh Nishant Varma Christian Schmidt Huub Verschueren Mark A. Smith Helaine Kang Highlights Market Reports Columns Presentations Crowdfunding Elevator Pitch Energy Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Mining Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Tech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Pharma & Biotech Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations In Focus Big Picture Articles Newswires Market Reports Columns Videos Presentations Home Research Beaufort Securities Beaufort Securities Breakfast Alert: Concepta, DekelOil, BAE Systems and Barratt Developments Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version 08:20 11 May 2017 "US equities rebounded mid-morning from an early move to the downside due to Trump's surprise dismissal of FBI Director, James Comey. Declines in Walt Disney and Boeing following earnings releases, however, eventually dragged the Dow Jones lower on Wednesday. A recovery in energy stocks and good support for tech issues nevertheless kept both the S&P500 and NASDAQ fractionally in the positive by the close although, after the bell, Snap slumped 18% as Snapchat's parent disappointed with release of its first quarterly report since listing. Crude oil for June delivery jumped US$1.45 to US$47.33/bbl following details of a steep weekly drop in inventories, leading the NYSE Arca Natural Gas Index and the Philadelphia Oil Service Index to surge by 2.6% and 2%, respectively, while a sell-off amongst Biotech issues meant the sector gave back just about all the gains it had put in on Tuesday, sliding around 1.4%. Traders otherwise remained somewhat reluctant to make moves ahead of the release of key reports on retail sales and producer and consumer prices due on Friday. U.S. government bond prices retraced early gains, ending Wednesday slightly lower after an auction of 10-year notes drew soft demand. Commodities-weighted Asian markets led most regional bourses gently higher Thursday morning, although the Shanghai Composite fell quite sharply amid fresh liquidity concerns. An official WeChat account run by the state-owned Securities Times, stated that the country's securities regulator held meetings on Monday with various brokers controlling large capital pools, which are said to total hundreds of billions of RMB mostly in the form of bonds, suggesting that new limits or penalties on speculative trading might be imminent. UK equities ended higher on Wednesday, outstripping those in Europe, primarily because of the main index's heavy weighting in oil stocks whose rise cushioned pressure from ongoing Sterling strength. Housebuilders also shone on the back of a confident statement from (LON:BDEV), which was followed yesterday evening by the positive release of the RICS House Price Balance index, which emerged unchanged at +22, against expectations of +20. Barclays (LON:BARC) also celebrated the re-election of its CEO with the best performance amongst the major banks. Further overnight news that it has agreed a US$97m penalty in settlement of SEC allegations of overbilling should also be taken positively, although it contrasts with Wednesday's punishing statements from Talk Talk (LON:TALK) and ITV (LON:ITV). London investors meanwhile have turned their attention to the Bank of England's interest rate decision and Trade Balance data which are due late this morning. Economists polled by The Wall Street Journal expect that Britain's global goods trade deficit narrowed slightly in March to GBP11.8bn, as the Pound's weakness boosted overseas demand for U.K. products. No change from the current 0.25% rate is expected today, with the Governor Carney expected to even allow the economy 'run hot' for a short period, exceeding his target 2% inflation target, for fear of otherwise upsetting forthcoming Brexit negotiations. Indeed, on Wednesday, the National Institute of Economic & Social Research, stated it expects the record low rate to be maintained until mid-2019. Only a tiny net change was recorded by the pan-European Stoxx Europe 600 index on Wednesday as it advanced just 0.10%, albeit to a fresh 21-month high, with the Xetra DAX up 0.07% and the CAC 40 up 0.05%. A good amount of macro data is due for release today, including from the UK March Manufacturing and Industrial Production and Trade Balance. Shortly afterwards at 11:00hrs GMT, the Bank of England releases its Interest rate decision and Monetary Policy Statement and Minutes, followed an hour later by the NIESR April GDP Estimate. The ECB is also due to detail a new Monthly Bulletin. The US will offer April Producer Prices and Initial Jobless Claims; speeches are also due from both the Fed's William Dudley and Charles Evans. UK corporates due to publish earnings or trading updates include Beazley (LON:BEZ), BT Group (LON:BT.A), Aldermore Group (LON:ALD), Galliford Try (GLON:FRD), Stobart Group (LON:STOB), Hill & Smith (LON:HILS), Rathbone Brothers (LON:RAT) and On the Beach Group (OTB.L). Another cautious European opening is anticipated this morning, with UK investors likely to remain on the side-lines ahead of the BoE statement and a possible sell-down amongst tech issues with this afternoon's US opening. The FTSE-100 is seen down 10 to 15 points in opening business." - Barry Gibb, Research Analyst Markets Europe The FTSE-100 finished yesterday's session 0.59% higher at 7,385.24 whilst the FTSE AIM All-Share index was up 0.42% at 972.70. In continental Europe, the CAC-40 finished up 0.05% at 5,400.46 whilst the DAX was 0.07% higher at 12,757.46. Wall Street In New York last night, the Dow Jones fell 0.16% to 20,943.11, the S&P-500 firmed 0.11% to 2,399.63 and the Nasdaq gained 0.14% to stand at 6,129.14. Asia In Asian markets this morning, the Nikkei 225 had added 0.37% to 19,972.92, while the Hang Seng firmed 0.25% to 25,078.83. Oil In early trade today, WTI crude was up 0.57% to $47.60/bbl and Brent was up 0.52% to $50.48/bbl. Headlines Snap shares slide as growth slows Shares in Snapchat's owner have sunk after it reported disappointing growth in the first three months of the year. In its first results since floating, Snap said the number of daily active users rose just 5% to 166 million compared with the last three months of 2016. That was two million fewer than expected, but 36% higher than the same period last year. The news sent shares tumbling more than 20% in after-hours trading in New York. Snap's adjusted loss of $188.2m was about $10m higher than analysts had expected, while the net loss soared to $2.2bn from $104.6m due to costs associated with the IPO earlier this year. Revenue rose 286% for the quarter to almost $150m, but was also short of forecasts by about $9m. Company news Concepta (LON:CPT, 16.88p) – Speculative Buy Concepta, the pioneering UK healthcare company and developer of a proprietary platform and suite of products targeted at the personalised mobile health market with a primary focus on women's fertility and specifically unexplained infertility, yesterday announced that it has signed a first distributor agreement in China with Beijing ThinkBrio Medical Technology Consulting Co., Ltd ('ThinkBrio'). The 3-year agreement gives exclusively to the distribution of the myLotus range of products within LiaoNing province in China, which, if successful, there is opportunity to extend agreement with ThinkBrio to cover further regions. Concepta's CEO, Erik Henau commented "Mr Liu has had a lot of experience with the development of our organisation in China and, through lengthy discussions and preparations, has built up a great understanding of the need for our products and how to promote and sell them in the region. This initial agreement offers us the opportunity to evaluate our logistics chain and marketing activities. It will allow us to gather data and experience for discussions with further distributors in China down the line and will help us to fine-tune our strategy for expanding manufacturing capacity". ThinkBrio's CEO, Liu Wei, commented "The myLotus products are unique and will be a great help to many women in China. We look forward to working with Concepta to develop their presence in the Chinese infertility market. We have already conducted rigorous testing of the products prior to launch and we are now in the final stages of hospital evaluations - after which we can begin commercialisation of myLotus in China." Our view: The Board's strategy remains unchanged, focussing on the Chinese and European launch of myLotus. In China, Concepta is progressing to its expected launch of myLotus in H1 2017, having obtained regulatory approval, appointed an experienced country manager and manufacturing agreement in place. Yesterday's news added step closer by appointing distributor for LiaoNing province in China. With ISO13485 accreditation in place, management also continues to prepare for the commercial launch of myLotus in the UK and Europe towards the end of the year. This will ideally position it to deliver strong, organic growth from this product, while continuing additional efforts on research and development to expand the breadth and depth of the platform's features. This will enable it to develop a highly cash generative, market leading healthcare company within the huge and growing opportunity for personalised mobile health. Concepta's key challenge now is its transition from laboratory-based small volume manufacturing, to full-scale commercial manufacturing. As such, it is setting up a dedicated manufacturing facility in Doncaster, with initial manual assembly progressing to automated assembly, making it less dependent on supply-chain lead times. To put the scale of Concepta's opportunities into perspective, the Chinese market potential has been estimates to be worth around £250m, while the larger European opportunity is around £350m. Indeed, the total global opportunity addressed by Concepta's current product offering is estimated to be worth as much as US$2 billion. Further out, its technology platform is expected to be developed into a much wider opportunity for personalised monitoring and self-diagnosis. Beaufort reiterates its Speculative Buy rating on the shares, with a price target of 26p. Beaufort Securities acts as corporate broker to Concepta plc DekelOil Public Limited (LON:DKL, 13.75p) – Speculative Buy The owner and operator and 100% owner of the profitable and vertically integrated Ayenouan palm oil project in Côte d'Ivoire, yesterday commented on recent speculation in the Norwegian press regarding its potential interest in acquiring Norpalm Ghana Limited ('NGL'), a subsidiary of Norpalm AS, a Norwegian company which owns a palm oil production company in Western Ghana. The Board confirmed that it is in discussions with both the board of Norpalm AS and certain Norpalm AS shareholders in relation to the potential acquisition of all or the majority of the shares in Norpalm by DekelOil. Norpalm AS holds 68.6% of Norpalm, which is a vertically integrated palm oil owner and operator with approximately 4,000 hectares of mature palm plantations under ownership. It is located in West Ghana, close to the border with the Ivory Coast. In addition, it operates a 30 tn/hr mill which also purchases fresh fruit bunches from local producers. In addition to the revenues it receives from approximately 15,000 tonnes of crude palm oil sold into the domestic Ghanaian market, it also operates a palm kernel oil press which produces approximately 2,000 tn of palm kernel oil in the Ghanaian market. Our view: Looking to expand their horizons. With last month's Q1 2017 figures having demonstrated significant continuing progress while confirming the Group's intention to pay a maiden dividend with its forthcoming H1 2017 results, DekelOil has more than delivered on its promises. Yesterday's news recognises that its management is not prepared to stand still, but it is prepared to build out its operations in neighbouring Ghana. NGL's land concession spans an area of 4,500 Ha. - 4000 Ha. at Pretsea and 500 Ha. at Sese. NGL first began its replanting programme in 2002 and is now thought to be approaching full development. Its Palm Oil Mill processes fruits from its nucleus estate as well as buying fruits from more than 1,000 independent farmers and out-growers. The potential acquisition, if it were to proceed, would be classified as a substantial transaction for the purposes of the AIM Rules for Companies. Discussions are still ongoing and therefore there can be no guarantee that it will proceed. The Directors intend, however, that it would be financed through a combination of DekelOil's existing cash resources, new equity partners at project level and debt financing. Further announcements will be made in due course as appropriate, although the announcement suggests that the deal would not constitute a Reverse Takeover, and so not require publication of a prospectus, and neither would it affect the Board's wish to commence distribution of earnings from Ayenouan in the form dividends. Beaufort retains its Speculative Buy recommendation on DekelOil Public and repeats its price target of 23p/share. Beaufort Securities acts as corporate broker to DekelOil Public Limited BAE Systems (LON:BA., 640.50p) – Buy BAE Systems ('BAE'), a world's 3rd largest defence company by revenue, providing some of the world's most advanced technology, aerospace and security solutions, up to a military capability, yesterday provided its AGM statement for the performance year-to-date. The Group said trading for the period has been in line with management expectations with unchanged FY2017 outlook of c.+5% to +10% (FY2016: 40.3p) growth in underlying earnings per share. During the period, BAE continue to win number of new orders, which includes, £1.4bn contract from the Royal Navy for the 6th Astute Class submarine, US$542m contract to provide 145 M777 ultra-lightweight howitzers to India and US$352m order received for the repair of US ship. BAE's CEO, Ian King, commented "We have started the year with good momentum building on a strong operational performance in 2016 and the business is performing well. Our strategy is well defined, we have a large order backlog, long-term programme positions and a well balanced portfolio. With an improving outlook for defence budgets in a number of our markets, in 2017 and beyond we are well placed to continue to generate attractive returns for shareholders". BAE is scheduled to announce its interim results on 2 August 2017. Our view: BAE Systems' year-to-date performance remains in line with management's expectation. Its FY2017 outlook has been reiterated, supported by the number of new contract wins against a background of improving defence budgets in a number of its markets, which add longer-term visibility to Group operations. Looking ahead, in FY2017, BAE Systems expects underlying earnings per share to increase by 5%-10%. The Electronic Systems division (16.7% of sales) is expected to grow at c.5% with margins at the upper end of a 13%-15% range, while the Cyber & Intelligence division (9.0% of sales) is expected to deliver low single-digit sales growth with a 6%-8% margin. Sales for the Platforms & Services (US) division (14.6% of sales) are expected to be stable with margin in a range of 8%-9%, while Platforms & Services (UK) division (39.7% of sales) is set to record a sales decline of c.-5% with margins at the lower end of its target 10%-12% range. For the Platforms & Services (International) division (20.0% of sales), revenue growth of c.5% is expected with margins in line with FY2016 (10%-12%). The shares are valued at FY2017E and FY2018E P/E multiples of 14.7x and 13.9x along with a dividend yield of 3.4% and 3.5%, respectively. With a solid order backlog amid more favourable market conditions, together with the positive benefits of currency translation following Sterling's Brexit-related devaluation, we believe BAE Systems remains well placed to maintain good momentum. Beaufort reiterates its Buy rating on the shares. BAE Systems is one of the Beaufort's 'Tips for 2017' recommendations. Barratt Developments (LON:BDEV, 610.00p) – Buy The national housebuilder yesterday issued a trading update in respect of the period from 1 January to 7 May 2017. The statement confirmed market conditions remain good, with the Group delivering a strong performance since the start of the calendar year. Increased competition within the mortgage market has resulted in wide availability of attractive mortgage finance which, alongside Help to Buy, continues to support the very strong consumer demand. Management detailed the fact that total completions (including joint ventures ('JVs')) expected to be around 17,350 for the year, the highest number of completions in nine years. It also confirmed FY17 profit before tax is expected to be at the top of the range of current analyst estimates. The Group sales rate has risen to 0.80 (2016: 0.78) net private reservations per active outlet per average week and total forward sales (including JVs) are at record levels, up by 12.7% as at 7 May 2017, to £3,205.7m (8 May 2016: £2,844.0m). It also stated that its net cash position at 30 June 2017 is now expected to be around £600m. Given strong demand the Board expects to deliver completion and ASP growth for the full year. The Board went on to state that as a result of this strong performance, it expects full year profit before tax to be at the top end of the range of current analyst estimates. Our view: Strong performance and confident outlook. The Group remains well on track to achieve its target of a minimum ROCE of 25%, with a focus on delivery of a 20% gross margin for full year 2017. Net cash also looks set to end 2017 ahead of consensus expectations, although at this time there is no change to the planned dividend payments of £1.4bn in the four years out to November 2018. Following this update, Beaufort has raised its 2017E and 2018E earnings forecasts by 5% and 4% respectively. Efficiency programmes underway also have scope to further narrow its still relatively wide return-on-equity gap with UK peers over the next three years, suggesting its current year P/NAV of 1.86x should move close to the sector average of 2.00x. A 2017E P/E multiple of 10.5x together with a yield of 6.7% still represent excellent value, although Barratt's relatively short land bank limits medium-term visibility, particularly given expectation that UK housebuilders are expected to attempt ramping up total national completions closer to the 240k to 260k (from some 170k presently) desired by government between now and 2020 for fear of otherwise being threatened with more punitive measures should the housing shortage continue of deteriorate. Beaufort remains overweight in the UK Housebuilders and continues to rate Barratt Developments as a Buy, although Persimmon and Taylor Wimpey remains our sector picks.   Beaufort Securities Share Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Print Download PDF version Important Risk Warnings and Disclaimers  This report is published by Beaufort Securities Ltd ("Beaufort Securities"). Beaufort Securities Ltd is Authorised and Regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority and is a Member of the London Stock Exchange.  RELIANCE ON THIS NOTE FOR THE PURPOSE OF ENGAGING IN ANY INVESTMENT ACTIVITY MAY EXPOSE YOU TO A SIGNIFICANT RISK OF LOSING ALL OF THE FUNDS, PROPERTY OR OTHER ASSETS INVESTED OR OF INCURRING ADDITIONAL LIABILITY.  This document is not an offer to buy or sell any security or currency. This document does not provide you with individually tailored investment advice. It has been prepared without regard to the your financial circumstances and objectives The appropriateness of a particular investment or currency will depend on your individual circumstances and objectives. The investments and shares referred to in this document may not be suitable for you.  This research is non-independent and is classified as a Marketing Communication under FCA rules. As such it has not been prepared in accordance with legal requirements designed to promote independence of investment research and it is not subject to the prohibition on dealing ahead of the dissemination of investment research in COBS 12.2.5. However Beaufort Securities has adopted internal procedures which prohibit analysts from dealing ahead of non-independent research, except for legitimate market making and fulfilling clients' unsolicited orders.  By receiving this document, you will not be deemed a client or provided with the protections afforded to clients of Beaufort Securities. When distributing this document, Beaufort Securities is not acting for you and will not be responsible for providing advice to you in relation to this document. Accordingly, Beaufort Securities will not be responsible to you for providing the protections afforded to its clients.  Beaufort Securities may effect transactions in shares mentioned herein and may take proprietary trading positions in those shares, and may receive remuneration for the publication of its research and for other services. Beaufort Securities may be a shareholder in any of the companies mentioned in this report. Accordingly, this document may not be considered as objective or impartial. Additionally, information may be available to Beaufort Securities or the Group, which is not reflected in this material. The remuneration of the author of this report is not tied to the recommendations on any shares mentioned nor to the any transactions undertaken by Beaufort Securities or any affiliate company. Further information on Beaufort Securities' policy regarding potential conflicts of interest in the context of investment research and Beaufort Securities' policy on disclosure and conflicts in general are available on request. Please refer to http://www.beaufortsecurities.com/important-info.  Past performance is not a guarantee of future performance. Investments may go down in value as well as up and you may not get back the full amount invested. The listing requirements for securities listed on AIM or the ICAP Securities & Derivatives Exchange are less demanding and trading in them may be less liquid than main markets. This may make it more difficult to buy and sell these securities.    This document includes certain statements, estimates, and projections with respect to the anticipated future performance of securities listed on stock exchanges and as to the market for these shares. Such statements, estimates, and projections are based on information that we consider reliable and may reflect various assumptions made concerning anticipated economic developments, which have not been independently verified and may or may not prove correct. No representation or warranty is made as to the accuracy of such statements, estimates, and projections or as to its fitness for the purpose intended and it should not be relied upon as such. Opinions expressed are our current opinions as of the date appearing on this material only and may change without notice. Other third parties may have issued other reports that are inconsistent with, and reach different conclusions from, the information presented in this report. Those reports reflect the different assumptions, views, and analytical methods of the analysts who prepared them. This report has not been disclosed to any of the companies mentioned herein prior to its publication.  This document is based on information Beaufort Securities has received from publicly available reports and industry sources. Beaufort Securities may not have verified all of this information with third parties. Neither Beaufort Securities nor its advisors, directors or employees can guarantee the accuracy, reasonableness or completeness of the information received from any sources consulted for this publication, and neither Beaufort Securities nor its advisors, directors or employees accepts any liability whatsoever (in negligence or otherwise) for any loss howsoever arising from any use of this document or its contents or otherwise arising in connection with this document (except in respect of wilful default and to the extent that any such liability cannot be excluded by the applicable law). You should not rely on this document and should not use it substitution for the exercise of the independent judgment of yourself or your adviser.  The information contained in this document is confidential and is solely for use of those persons to whom it is addressed and may not be reproduced, further distributed to any other person or published, in whole or in part, for any purpose. Other persons who receive this document should not rely on it. Beaufort Securities, its directors, officers and employees may have positions in the securities mentioned herein.   RSS Follow Only registred members can create thier own customized alerts. Register or Log in Delete alert Help Beaufort Securities http://www.beaufortsecurities.com Beaufort Securities  provide Proactive Investors with a comprehensive daily research publication with opinions and views that Investors will be interested in. This report is a key tool for investors keeping a close eye on the markets. UK 100 - 1 YEAR Loading charts International: NA AU DE CN Our Company Term & Conditions The Team Contact us Newsletter Sitemap Cookies Partners: Follow us: © Proactive Investors 2017 Proactive Investor UK Limited, trading as “Proactiveinvestors United Kingdom”, is Authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. Registered in England with Company Registration number 05639690. Group VAT registration number 872070825 FCA Registration number 559082. You can contact us here. Market Indices, Commodities and Regulatory News Headlines copyright © Morningstar. Data delayed 15 minutes unless otherwise indicated. Terms of use
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Airlines / Aviation LATEST NEWS Islamic State guilty of genocide against Christians: US Vice-president Mike Pence CPEC an indication of China's search for lebensraum in Pakistan and PoK Anti-immigrant rhetoric to hit US universities financially German economy grew by 0.6% in first quarter of 2017 Nepal signs up to China's new Silk Road plan Government eyes outside hand to assist 'Blue Revolution' Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinanceInsure Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportRoadwaysTechTelecomMiscellaneousDefenceEquipment & Ordnancemobility & weaponsSportsCSRInitiativesPolicyEnvironment RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / TransportRoadways ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 11:56 AM | 12 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,195-56.12 NIFTY 50 9,394-28.10 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,05652.00 USD/INR 64.31-0.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW With homegrown aircraft, China races ahead of India in plane game too By Chethan Kumar , TNN | Updated: May 11, 2017, 01.28 PM IST Post a Comment Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You BENGALURU: Last week, China successfully completed a 80-minute first flight of its indigenous passenger aircraft conceived in 2008. Sadly, India’s plans of making a plane with half the carrying capacity has remained on paper since 2007. China’s C919 — almost the size of the Airbus A320 and Boeing 737-800 — can carry 158-168 passengers. India’s plane, the Regional Transport Aircraft (RTA), is designed to ferry 50-90 passengers. “Effectively, it will be a 70-seater aircraft,” a National Aerospace Laboratories (NAL) official said. Hopeful of a renewed push under the regional connectivity programme, NAL, which is developing the RTA, has completed a new feasibility study and discussions on finding partners to fund the project has begun. But it could well be another decade before the first flight. According to the feasibility study, India will need at least 150-200 aircraft for civilian use in the next 5-10 years, while RTA can also replace the ageing AN-32 fleet of the defence forces, which means an additional 70-80 planes. Meanwhile, the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC), which developed C919, said: “The first aircraft rolled out on November 2, 2015 and we have 570 orders from 23 customers.” Experts have pegged the C919 as competition to Boeing and Airbus, on whom the Indian market will continue to depend for its domestic demand. In 2007, NAL and Hindustan Aeronautics Limited signed an agreement for the project with the former responsible for design and development, and latter for manufacturing. The aircraft, which will be capable of short take-off, will be able to operate from smaller airfields and airports that Regional Connectivity Policy is aiming to revive. Jitendra J Jadhav, director, NAL, told TOI: “We’re looking at a riskreward-sharing model for funding and are expecting to make some headway in the next three months.” NAL had projected an estimated cost of Rs 9,000 crore in 2015 and part of the reconfiguration will be looking at a next-generation turbo prop engine. (This article was originally published in The Times of India) Comments(0)Add Comments With homegrown aircraft, China races ahead of India in plane game too To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read SARAS passenger aircraft to be revived: Harsh Vardhan Reliance Defence plans to make 80-seater passenger aircraft with Ukraine's Antonov China to launch its biggest passenger aircraft this year Passenger aircraft develops communication snag, triggers hijack scare China-developed C919 passenger aircraft aims to replace Boeing 777: Reports READ MORE ONPassenger AircraftNational Aerospace LaboratoriesC919BoeingAirbus Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB NEW YORK How Alarm.com Makes the Smart Thermostat Smarter Alarm.com Playtime can inspire creativity with 5 FREE digital stories. PNC Review: The Upgraded Underwear Guys Are Obsessed With The Style Guide | Mack WeldonMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Gold buying picks up ahead of festive season in India, China India all set to race past slowing China in growth race Indo-UK made new Hawk combat aircraft looks to take on China From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times The Experiences That Spark Student Creativity Microsoft Shop Now: 25% Off Your Entire Purchase At Chico's Chico's 80s Primetime Soap Stars: Where Are They Now? MSN Best Luxury Senior Living Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads At 7.6% growth, India seen racing past China India China trade: Latest News on India China trade China likely to have third aircraft carrier: Official media China building third aircraft carrier: Report Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Railway line linking Kashmir with rest of India may become functional by 2021 Russian Rosneft's $12.9 billion Essar Oil deal held up over debt issues All ATM withdrawals not chargeable, clarifies SBI SBI's merger could see the banking behemoth leapfrogging into the global top 50 Flipkart, Amazon sales: How brands tweaked strategy to save offline retailers More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|Amazon Sale BSE Sensex|GL vs DD Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
X Edition: India Business Business Home Economy Reuters Summits Deals Business Video Company Results & Outlook Autos Markets Markets Home Stocks India Markets US Markets Currencies Commodities India Elections Top News India Insight Monsoon Top News Video World World Home South Asia Middle East Special Reports Reuters Investigates World Video Tech Technology Home Science Tech Video Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Expert Zone Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingview Videos Money Money Home Stock Screener Fund Screener Sport & Life Sports Lifestyle Bollywood Entertainment Oddly Enough Health Arts Lifestyle Video Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Boeing must clear 737 MAX engines with US regulator to fly again Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Money News | Fri May 12, 2017 | 10:46am IST Boeing must clear 737 MAX engines with US regulator to fly again A new Boeing 737MAX (R) sits parked on the tarmac with other 737 models at Boeing Field after coming off the production line in Seattle, Washington, May 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Redmond By Alwyn Scott | SEATTLE SEATTLE The U.S. aviation regulator must reapprove the engines on Boeing Co's 737 MAX jetliner before it can take flight and begin deliveries, the engine maker said on Thursday, after the new aircraft was grounded due to an engine problem. The regulatory hurdle could push back the resumption of 737 MAX flights, a potentially serious issue for Boeing if it delays the scheduled first deliveries of the $110 million plane to airlines this month. The delivery of a plane is a crucial step for Boeing since it receives the bulk of its payment when it turns over the aircraft keys and airlines fly their new planes home from the factory. Boeing and engine maker CFM International must submit data to the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration, and the FAA has to "review it and determine that those engines can be cleared for flight," said Jamie Jewell, a spokeswoman for CFM, a joint venture between General Electric Co and Safran SA of France. It was not immediately clear how long that process might take. The FAA is working with CFM and Boeing "to develop a proposed plan to clear the engines," said spokeswoman Laura Brown. The FAA certified the engine in March, but the emergence of the problem disclosed on Wednesday was an unusual occurrence that created uncertainty over the next steps. Boeing said it still plans to deliver the first of the planes to customers this month. It said on Wednesday it had suspended 737 MAX test flights due to a quality issue with some of the low-pressure turbine discs in the engine, known as the LEAP-1B. The nickel-based alloy discs had a flaw from forging that could make them prone to cracking, Jewell said, adding that discs from a second supplier were not affected. However, the FAA review applies to all LEAP-1B engines, Jewell said, not just the 30 to 40 with suspected bad parts. "In their mind, all LEAP-1B engines are equal," she said. KEY MONEYMAKER Boeing has engines at the factory without the suspect parts, but CFM and Boeing "have to demonstrate to the FAA's satisfaction that the issue is not present," Jewell said. The engines could be installed in short order once approval is granted, Jewell said. The "suspect engines" will be shipped to CFM facilities in the United States and France for inspection and possible repair. Safran said earlier Thursday that it expected inspections to be completed within a few weeks. "We are doing everything to ensure that the first delivery can go ahead in May," Safran Aircraft Engines' Chief Executive Olivier Andries told reporters. The 737 MAX replaces an older version of Boeing's best-selling single-aisle aircraft, a moneymaker for the aerospace company. The 737 MAX 8, the first version of the plane to be built, seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration. Boeing had been set to deliver the first 737 MAX on Monday to Malindo Air of Malaysia. Boeing has built up an inventory of planes outside its Renton, Washington, factory, and at a nearby Seattle airport known as Boeing Field. Reuters counted 23 Boeing 737 MAX airplanes at the facilities this week, excluding test aircraft. The 737 MAX 8 carries a list price of $110 million but typically sells at a steep discount. (Additional reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Bill Rigby and Cynthia Osterman) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Money News India imposes anti-dumping duty on 47 steel products for five years NEW DELHI India has imposed anti-dumping duty on 47 steel products, a government statement said, reinforcing New Delhi's tough stance despite complaints from some of the targeted countries. India's April retail inflation seen easing to three-month low NEW DELHI India's consumer inflation is expected to have eased to a three-month low in April, helped by smaller rises in food prices, but with a summer rebound in prospect the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is likely to keep interest rates on hold. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Editor's Pick India's regulator clears use of GM mustard, final approval awaited Market Jockey Live updates from markets and economy Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DATA Act: What agencies need to know•Air Force cutting IT costs•'Time to audit' DoD Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest… Update on the latest in business: By The Associated Press May 11, 2017 3:45 am 6 min read Share FINANCIAL MARKETS Asian stocks higher in quiet trading; oil prices gain SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — Asian stocks were moderately higher on Thursday with few data reports to move the markets. Investors are watching tax reform developments in the U.S. after President Donald Trump’s firing of FBI chief James Comey. Oil prices extended gains. Japan’s Nikkei 225 rose 0.3 percent and South Korea’s Kospi jumped 1.2 percent. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index advanced 0.4 percent. Is the Data Act more boon or boondoggle? Read our special report. Advertisement The Standard & Poor’s 500 index picked up 2.71 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,399.63. The Dow Jones industrial average shed 32.67 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,943.11. The Nasdaq composite finished rose 8.56 points, or 0.1 percent, to 6,129.14. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks was up 7.73 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,399.59. ECONOMY-THE DAY AHEAD Major business and economic reports scheduled for today. WASHINGTON (AP) — There are two major economic reports from the government today. The Labor Department will reveal the number of people who applied for unemployment benefits last week and report on U.S. producer price inflation in April. Also today, Freddie Mac will report this week’s average mortgage rates. ‘If you’re a really good federal worker, you should welcome’ the reorganization plan, OMB says There’s another earnings report today. Macy’s will reveal its quarterly financial results before the market opens. TRUMP-RUSSIA-TREASURY Democrat blocks Treasury nominee until he gets Russia papers WASHINGTON (AP) — The top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee says he will block the nominee for a Treasury post until the department delivers documents related to Russia and its financial dealings with President Donald Trump and his associates. Sen. Ron Wyden of Oregon on Wednesday put a hold on Sigal Mandelker’s nomination to become undersecretary for terrorism and financial intelligence. Wyden says the office Mandelker has been nominated to lead has the information his committee wants. The Senate Finance Committee oversees much of the Treasury Department. The Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence works to combat financial crimes and threats, including money laundering. Democratic Sen. Mark Warner of Virginia, vice chairman of the Senate intelligence committee, announced Tuesday that he has requested information from Treasury’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. SENATE-TRADE REPRESENTATIVE GOP senators oppose nominee for Trade Representative WASHINGTON (AP) — Two Republican senators say they will oppose President Donald Trump’s nominee to serve as U.S. Trade Representative. Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Ben Sasse of Nebraska wrote in a letter Wednesday to Robert Lighthizer that he had failed to reassure them that he understands the positive economic benefits of the North American Free Trade Agreement. They say they fear he won’t negotiate trade deals to benefit American consumers and help the economy grow. The two senators are also railing against the Trump administration’s “ongoing, incoherent and inconsistent trade messages.” Trump was close to withdrawing from NAFTA. He had said repeatedly during the campaign that it was the worst trade deal ever, but many congressional Republicans support the pact with Canada and Mexico. The Senate is currently considering Lighthizer’s nomination. ABERCROMBIE & FITCH Abercrombie & Fitch says it’s in deal talks NEW YORK (AP) — Teen clothing chain Abercrombie & Fitch Co., responding to reports that it was in talks with interested buyers, says it’s in preliminary discussions with several parties about a “potential transaction.” The company’s statement Wednesday that it had received “expressions of interest” came after news reports this week that the New Albany, Ohio-based chain was in talks with at least two possible buyers. Abercrombie & Fitch says it doesn’t plan to comment again until the discussions are concluded. Like other teen fashion retailers, A&F has been hurt by changing teen tastes as they shop online more or prefer fast-fashion purveyors like H&M or Forever 21. Abercrombie has tried to tweak its brand to attract new shoppers. It dumped sexy ads, removed topless male models from its ads and updated its fashions. TAYLORMADE SOLD TaylorMade sold to private equity firm NEW YORK (AP) — TaylorMade Golf Co., which has signed Tiger Woods and Rory McIlroy to equipment deals this year, has been sold to a private equity firm after being shopped for a year by parent company Adidas. The agreement announced Wednesday means KPS Capital Partners will acquire TaylorMade for $425 million, about half of that paid in cash. Carlsbad, California-based TaylorMade was founded in 1979 by Gary Adams, who specialized in metal woods. Adidas bought the company in 1998. The company has equipment deals with Dustin Johnson, Jason Day and McIlroy, three of the last four players who have been No. 1 in the world ranking. It signed Woods in January, shortly before he stopped playing because of more back problems that led to a fourth surgery. APPLE-NEVADA DATA CENTER Apple plans $1 billion expansion at data center in Nevada RENO, Nev. (AP) — Apple has announced plans for a $1 billion expansion of its massive data center east of Reno, Nevada. Apple spokesman Josh Rosenstock said Wednesday the investment will include the hiring of 100 permanent workers, doubling its workforce at the existing site in the Reno Technology Center. He says they expect new construction will support an additional 300 jobs. The announcement came as the Reno City Council approved Apple’s plans Wednesday to build a $4 million shipping and receiving warehouse in downtown Reno that will make it eligible for millions of dollars in tax breaks. The data center is located along U.S. Interstate 80 about 5 miles (8 kilometers) west of Tesla’s giant battery factory. BOEING-JET TESTS HALTED Boeing halts test flights of new plane over engine issue DALLAS (AP) — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new commercial airplane because of possible problems with a key engine part. The company said Wednesday it was notified of a potential manufacturing-quality issue by CFM, which makes the engines that are going on the Boeing 737 Max. Boeing says it has not experienced any issues with the low-pressure turbine discs during on-ground testing and test flights of the new plane. Boeing says it still plans to begin deliveries of the plane later this month, and production will continue. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing’s most popular commercial plane. DOMINION-NAME CHANGE Virginia-based energy giant changes name to Dominion Energy RICHMOND, Va. (AP) — Richmond, Virginia-based energy giant Dominion Resources Inc. has changed its name to Dominion Energy Inc. The company said in a news release that shareholders voted Wednesday to approve the new name. The proposed change was announced in February. Chairman, president and CEO Thomas Farrell II said at the time that it would unify the company’s brands throughout the 18 states where it does business. Dominion Energy’s electric and natural gas utilities and other businesses will change their names to conform in the coming days. Changes to company bills, employee uniforms and other identifying marks will occur in the coming months. The company will also get a new logo. Dominion operates one of the nation’s largest natural gas storage systems and serves more than 6 million utility and retail energy customers. US STEEL CEO US Steel names new CEO after executive announces retirement PITTSBURGH (AP) — The CEO of United States Steel Corp. is retiring and the company’s president has been promoted to lead the big steelmaker. U.S. Steel said Wednesday that Mario Longhi stepped down as CEO this week and will retire at the end of June. David Burritt has been elevated to the role of president and CEO. Longhi had led the company since 2013. He said in a statement that he believes U.S. Steel made significant improvement under his leadership. Burritt is a former Caterpillar executive who joined U.S. Steel in 2013 as its chief financial officer. Shares of Pittsburgh-based U.S. Steel rose 8 cents to $21.05 in after-hours trading Wednesday. Related Topics All News Business News Government News Lifestyle News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Update on the latest… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1961: JFK commits more troops to South Vietnam Fed Photo of the Day Navy surgeons operate on a patient's spine Top Stories Trump signs cyber EO promoting IT modernization, shared services Top Story DoD comptroller nominee: ‘It is time to audit the Pentagon’ Hearings/Oversight Senate accountability bill eliminates MPSB appeal rights for VA senior executives Legislation IGs say budget cuts to their offices will do more harm than good Congress Marines can now be fired for sharing nude photos Marine Corps THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 11, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8544 -0.0072 2.24% L 2020 25.4562 -0.0216 3.69% L 2030 28.3652 -0.0400 5.24% L 2040 30.5428 -0.0519 6.00% L 2050 17.5151 -0.0347 6.69% G Fund 15.3165 0.0009 0.78% F Fund 17.6876 0.0086 1.75% C Fund 33.2629 -0.0614 7.16% S Fund 43.1278 -0.2451 5.78% I Fund 27.5463 -0.0418 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Boeing Halts 737 Max Flights on Cusp of Debut After Engine Fault Bloomberg Julie Johnsson and Richard Clough 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL BT cuts 4,000 jobs, CEO's pay after Italy accounting scandal Snap stock tumbles to new lows on lousy first earnings report © Julie Johnsson and Richard Clough BC-BA-ENGINE-RETOP-OVERNIGHT Boeing Co. is temporarily suspending flights of its new 737 Max jetliner because of a potential manufacturing flaw in the engines, marring the commercial debut for the fastest-selling plane in company history. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▲ 183.94 +0.76 +0.41% General Electric Co GE ▲ 28.87 +0.17 +0.59% Safran SA SAFRY ▼ 20.59 -0.18 -0.85% Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA NWARF ▲ 28.17 +3.08 +12.27% The jetmaker and its engine supplier, a venture of General Electric Co. and Safran SA, are rushing to understand the problem ahead of the aircraft’s first delivery, which remains scheduled for later this month. Boeing said a possible quality defect in the Leap engine’s low-pressure turbine discs was discovered during inspections and hadn’t affected flight testing of the upgraded 737. The grounding added to concerns about the strain on suppliers as the U.S. manufacturer and European rival Airbus SE unveil new aircraft models while ramping up single-aisle production to record levels. Boeing is counting on a smooth start for the 737 Max, the newest version of a plane that is the company’s largest source of profit, as it seeks to boost cash flow. “Investors are acutely focused on 737 Max ramp risk -- and the impact on cash,” Robert Stallard, an analyst at Vertical Research Partners, said in a note to clients. Boeing fell 1.2 percent to $183.18 at the close in New York, the second-biggest decline on the Dow Jones Industrial Average, after adjusting for the beginning of trading without the right to a dividend. GE dropped 0.8 percent to $28.70. First Delivery The Max has accumulated 3,714 orders before its commercial debut but is still racing to catch up to Airbus’s A320neo. The latest 737 model is slated to be handed over this month to Indonesia’s Malindo Air and Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA. Other major customers with deliveries this year include Southwest Airlines Co. and American Airlines Group Inc. The decision to halt flights was made “out of an abundance of caution,” said Boeing spokesman Doug Alder, adding that the plane completed flight testing months ahead of schedule.  “The step is consistent with our priority focus on safety.” Load Error © Julie Johnsson and Richard Clough BC-BA-ENGINE-RETOP-OVERNIGHT Rick Kennedy, a spokesman for GE Aviation, said about 30 CFM International engines will be inspected at sites in the U.S. and France. In the meantime, production will continue using discs from other CFM suppliers, he said. The issue doesn’t affect other versions of the Leap engine used on planes from Airbus and Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., Kennedy said. “This doesn’t look like a serious concern,” Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen & Co., said in a note to clients. The engine problem is “not a design shortfall but what appears to be an easily fixable sub-tier supplier component issue.”© Julie Johnsson BC-BA-ENGINE Both CFM and rival Pratt & Whitney, which together make the bulk of engines for narrow-body commercial jets, have encountered faults as they’ve churned out turbines over the past year. Pratt Delays Airbus has fallen behind in deliveries of its A320neo family of aircraft as Pratt’s cutting-edge geared turbofan engine encounters durability issues and production snarls. Executives of Air Lease Corp., a Los Angeles-based aircraft lessor, warned during an earnings call last week that a CFM-powered model was also encountering delays. CFM faces a steep production increase for the Leap, as Boeing and Airbus plot to increase narrow-body production by 33 percent through the decade’s end. After delivering 77 of the engines last year, 28 fewer than it had predicted, CFM has targeted producing about 500 Leap this year and about 2,000 in 2020. “It’s important that this gets straightened out pronto,” Nicholas Heymann, an analyst at William Blair & Co., said of the engine issue. Bladed discs, located in the hot section of a turbofan engine, pull energy from the hot gases of the combustor to produce thrust. The components must be able to withstand extreme stresses and high temperatures inside the engine. The Leap 1-B engines, created for Boeing’s Max, were repeatedly inspected during more than 2,000 hours in the air for the Max 8’s flight test program, which concluded during the first quarter, Alder said. The engine endured another 3,000 simulated flight cycles during testing that ended last month so the plane would be certified for long ocean flights. Airline Impact The impact on airline customers eager to show off the brand-new planes wasn’t immediately apparent. Boeing has several unaffected engines available that it could swap to avoid lengthy delays on initial deliveries, Alder said. Malindo Air, an affiliate of Lion Mentari Airlines, had expected to take the 737 Max early next week, advertising that commercial service would begin May 19. For Norwegian, also awaiting its first Max this month, the inspections “will result in a few days’ delay” but aren’t expected to disrupt the carrier’s new trans-Atlantic flights starting next month, spokesman Anders Lindstrom said in an email. The carrier had expected to take five more of the single-aisle planes in June. Southwest and American said they hadn’t been notified of any changes to their Max delivery schedules. Southwest is the second-biggest customer for the Max after Lion Air, with 200 on order, while American has ordered 100 of the planes. On-time delivery of Southwest’s Max planes is critical because the Dallas-based airline is counting on them to fill a gap when it retires its oldest aircraft on Oct. 1. Southwest is set to take delivery of its first Max in July, the airline’s chief financial officer said in January. American is scheduled to receive four Max aircraft this year, the first in the third quarter. --With assistance from Mary Schlangenstein Frederic Tomesco and Justin Bachman To contact the reporters on this story: Julie Johnsson in Chicago at jjohnsson@bloomberg.net, Richard Clough in New York at rclough9@bloomberg.net. To contact the editors responsible for this story: Brendan Case at bcase4@bloomberg.net, Anne Riley Moffat ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored This Dell bends 360°. Fold as a tent, tablet, or laptop Top PC picks: For work or play Flip out with JBL’s splash-proof speaker Only $69 for this 8-inch NuVision tablet Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
// IP Marketing video - START// IP Marketing video - END Information: Weather in Armenia Exchange rates RSS feeds: RSS (headlines) RSS (articles) RSS (interviews) More RSS feeds PanARMENIAN Photo: RSS (photowire) RSS (photoblog) USD484.44EUR526.59RUR8.49 Yerevan+11 ... +28 C Home All news World Foreign Policy & Diaspora Politics IT & Technology more... Society Economy Sport Arts & Showbiz Overview    News    Articles    Interviews  Calendar Invalid query Boeing halts 737 MAX flights due to engine issue May 11, 2017 - 10:54 AMT PanARMENIAN.Net - Boeing Co said on Wednesday, May 10 it had temporarily halted test flights of its new 737 MAX aircraft due to an issue with the engine, which is jointly made by General Electric Co and Safran SA of France, Reuters reports. The grounding comes days before Boeing was due to deliver its first 737 MAX to an airline and marks a high-profile delay in a program that Boeing had said was ahead of schedule. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 MAX but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. Boeing and engine maker CFM said they do not know how long the delay will last. Boeing shares fell 1.3 percent to $183.15 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange. GE shares were down 0.9 percent at $28.67. The 737 MAX replaces an older version of Boeing's best-selling single-aisle aircraft, a key moneymaker for the aerospace company. The 737 MAX 8, the first version of the plane to be built, seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration. It carries a list price of $110 million but airlines typically receive steep discounts. Separately, Airbus said it was continuing flights with its A320neo, which is powered by the similar LEAP-1A engine and is flying customers. Related links: Reuters. Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights due to engine issue  Top stories Microsoft PowerPoint can now translate presentations in real time Microsoft executive Harry Shum demonstrated the new add-in on stage at the company's Build developers conference on May 10. YouTube to make new original shows you can watch for free YouTube has signed up comedian Kevin Hart and TV host Ellen DeGeneres as its first two high-profile entertainers. Apple posts surprise dip in iPhone sales Expectations are building ahead of Apple's iPhone range this fall, with investors hoping that the launch would help bolster sales. Twitter joins forces with Bloomberg for streaming news 24/7 The partnership will be announced May 1 at an event Bloomberg LP is holding for advertisers by Michael Bloomberg and Jack Dorsey. Partner news Loading...  Articles For little painters Armenian startup creates coloring game for children  Most popular in the section Waymo urges judge to bar Uber from driverless car project Microsoft wants to beat Chromebooks at their own game NASA's Cassini to take slingshot dive inside Saturn’s rings Volkswagen shares its vision for a driverless future Home All news Overview: IT & Technology Archive for May 11, 2017 Other news in this section  Latest news Charlie Day, Jenny Slate join Jodie Foster in “Hotel Artemis” Drew Pearce, whose writing credits include “Iron Man 3” and “Mission Impossible: Rogue Nation,” will direct from his own script. Hepatitis C nearly triples in U.S. in 5 years: Research Hepatitis C is the top infectious disease killer in the U.S., taking nearly 20,000 lives in 2015, said the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Highly-anticipated "Twin Peaks" revival clip features David Lynch (video) The new season of "Twin Peaks" picks up roughly 25 years after the events of the original series. Turkey detains dozens of former Borsa Istanbul staff over Gulen links Dawn raids were launched on 70 addresses, targeting suspects who were removed from their posts in the wake of the attempted putsch. About us | Stats | Advertise with us | Terms of service | Privacy policy Copyright © 2000—2017. PanARMENIAN Network Content of this site is licensed under a Creative Commons License
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport IPL Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Business Engine issue: Boeing suspends 737 MAX test flights By Reuters  |   Published: 11th May 2017 11:59 AM  |   Last Updated: 11th May 2017 12:04 PM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email A winglet and the vertical stabilizer of the first Boeing 737 MAX airplane to roll off Boeing’s assembly line in Renton, Washington. (Photo|AP) SEATTLE: Boeing Co said on Wednesday it had temporarily halted test flights of its new 737 MAX aircraft due to an issue with the engine, which is jointly made by General Electric Co and Safran SA of France. The grounding comes days before Boeing was due to deliver its first 737 MAX to an airline and marks a high-profile delay in a program that Boeing had said was ahead of schedule. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 MAX but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. Boeing and engine maker CFM said they do not know how long the delay will last. Boeing shares fell 1.3 percent to $183.15 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange. GE shares were down 0.9 percent at $28.67. The 737 MAX replaces an older version of Boeing's best-selling single-aisle aircraft, a key moneymaker for the aerospace company. The 737 MAX 8, the first version of the plane to be built, seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration. It carries a list price of $110 million but airlines typically receive steep discounts. A delay in getting aircraft to customers likely would cause a build up in Boeing's inventory, "as planes essentially sit waiting for engines," said analyst Rob Stallard at Vertical Research Partners. "Investors are acutely focused" on the risks of speeding up production of the new engine, known as the LEAP-1B, he said. Separately, Airbus said it was continuing flights with its A320neo, which is powered by the similar LEAP-1A engine and is flying customers. Malaysian carrier Malindo Air was set to receive the first 737 MAX delivery on Monday and use the jet for its Kuala Lumpur-Singapore route from May 19. But Malindo CEO Chandran Rama Muthy told Reuters that it does not plan to use the plane until May 22, without elaborating on the reason for the delay. Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA, which was due to receive its first 737 MAX near the end of May, said it expected a "a few days' delay." "This will, however, not delay the launch of our upcoming trans-Atlantic routes from the United States to Edinburgh,” spokesman Anders Lindstrom said in an email. Southwest Airlines Co, the initial customer for the 737 MAX, said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Southwest is expected to begin receiving the jet later in the year after it retires some older 737s. American Airlines Group Inc, which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment. The issue arose late last week when Safran found a quality problem in a large metal disc used in the low-pressure turbine at the rear of the engine, said Jamie Jewell, a spokesman for the engine maker, CFM International. CFM notified Boeing, which immediately grounded the fleet of about 21 planes. GE spokesman Rick Kennedy said the disc that prompted the concern had not been installed in an engine. "There have been no issues whatsoever with engines in the field," Jewell said. All of the 30 to 40 engines that have been built so far will be sent either to Lafayette, Indiana, or Villaroche, France, for inspection, Kennedy said. Many will need to be removed from aircraft and shipped, Jewell said. It was not clear how long the inspections would take to complete. Safran received the disc from a supplier but there are other suppliers of that part so production of the engine was continuing, Kennedy said. Related Article Exclusive: Boeing near decision to launch 737-10 jet – sources Boeing to cut hundreds of jobs in United States: Reports TAGS Boeing Co 737 MAX aircraft General Electric Co O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Latest Turkey detains 57 over Istanbul stock exchange coup Tamil Nadu: Plus Two board results out BSF jawan injured as Pak again violates ceasefire Kapil Mishra's mother writes to Arvind Kejriwal Five killed in Telangana road accident Sakshi Malik enters finals at Asian Wrestling Championship Delhi HC upholds evidence tampering charge against Ansals Gallery Once branded as country with 'world's worst airport', Pakistan to have new operational airfield on Independence Day The umbrellas are up and the raincoats are on as Chennai welcomes brief rain spells arrow Videos Acclimatising in bed, man hopes to climb Everest in half the time C-sections give birth to tattoo trend in China arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/boeing-737-max-engine-problems-hit-stock-ge-too-1494445874 Stocks to Watch Boeing: 737 MAX Engine Problems Hit Stock, GE Too Problems with the engines on Boeing's 737 MAX have caused its stock and that of GE to fall today. By Ben Levisohn May 10, 2017 3:51 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large Shares of Boeing (BA) are dropping this afternoon after engine problems forced the airline maker to halt test flights of its 737 MAX jets. But Boeing wasn't the only stock getting dinged, as General Electric (GE), which manufactures said engines, also fell. CNBC's Jeff Daniels discusses General Electric's role in the suspension: Boeing on Wednesday temporarily suspended flights of its 737 MAX narrow-body jetliners due to an engine problem. The plane is powered by LEAP engines made by CFM International, a 50/50 joint venture between General Electric and France's Safran. CNBC reached out to GE and Safran for comment. "CFM notified us of a potential manufacturing quality escape with low pressure turbine disks in LEAP-1B engines delivered to Boeing," the aerospace giant said in a statement. Vertical Research's Robert Stallard and team consider the impact of the delay on Boeing: Boeing has reportedly halted 737 MAX test flights for engine inspections after the discovery of cracks in the low pressure turbine section. Following comments from Air Lease (AL) that LEAP powered A320 NEO deliveries are also behind schedule, this is the second report of potential problems on the LEAP engine for Airbus and Boeing's re-engined narrowbody aircraft... Details are still light at this stage, and although Boeing has reportedly stated that first deliveries remain on track, investors are acutely focused on 737 MAX ramp risk - and the impact on cash. The impact of these reported engine issues could turn out to be limited, as the LEAP is flying as planned on the A320 NEO, but given the GTF's problems on the NEO we can understand why this news might be taken badly be investors. Shares of Boeing have fallen 1.3% to $183.12 at 3:48 p.m. today, while General Electric has declined 0.9% to $28.67, and Air Lease is off 1.6% at $34.88. Text Size Regular Medium Large Ben Levisohn ben.levisohn@barrons.com • @Ben_levisohn PREVIOUS Why Ionis is Tumbling NEXT The Biggest Loser: Priceline Tumbles 4.5% Most Popular Not Just Trump? Two Reasons the Dow Dropped 24 Points That Aren’t Politics The Hot Stock: Nvidia Jumps 4.3% Nvidia Up Another 5%: Bulls Delighted Pondering ‘Epic Disruption’ Nvidia: Mystery of the Missing Margin Upside Latest In Stockstowatchtoday Blog Latest In Stockstowatchtoday Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Central American Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports Flight Arrivals US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info US Airlines UK Airlines Canadian Airlines Central American Airlines South American Airlines European Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Airwise Airwise News Back Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide Flight Arrivals Back US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info Airwise Travel Home | < Previous page Airwise Home News Boeing 737 MAX Flights Halted, Engines Inspected Boeing 737 MAX Flights Halted, Engines Inspected May 10, 2017 Boeing has suspended test flights of the 737 MAX after a problem was discovered in a CFM LEAP-1B engine component. A CFM spokesperson said the LEAP-1B engines used in the MAX would be inspected at General Electric in Indiana or Safran in France. GE and Safran are joint venture partners in CFM International. The engine turbine part found to have the problem is manufactured by more than one company and delivery delays are not expected to last long. The smallest member of the updated 737 family, the MAX 8, was due to be delivered to Malindo Air this month, but that is now expected to be delayed. Norwegian Air, another customer due for its first delivery in May said it expects a delay of a few days. The MAX 8 received FAA certification in March, clearing it for commercial service. Boeing had taken orders for 3,714 737 MAX aircraft by the end of April. (Airwise) Top Stories Emirates Full Year Profit Falls 82.5 Percent Delta Orders More A321s, Delays A350 Deliveries Primera Air Orders Boeing 737 MAX 9s Heathrow April Passenger Numbers Break Record Boeing 737 MAX Flights Halted, Engines Inspected Search Airwise Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Feature Stories Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Most Viewed Stories Boeing 737 MAX Flights Halted, Engines Inspected Lufthansa Group Boosts April Traffic Delta Orders More A321s, Delays A350 Deliveries Gol First Quarter Profit Drops 70 Pct Emirates Full Year Profit Falls 82.5 Percent AIRWISE Home Site Search Contact Us AIRWISE NEWS Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories AIRPORT GUIDE World Airports US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports AIRLINE INFO World Airlines US Airlines UK Airlines European Airlines Canadian Airlines South American Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Copyright © 2017 Ascent Pacific.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights due to engine issue Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Thu May 11, 2017 | 2:07pm EDT Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights due to engine issue left right A new Boeing 737MAX sits parked under a canopy at Boeing Field after coming off the production line in Seattle, Washington, May 9, 2017. Picture taken May 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Redmond 1/6 left right A new Boeing 737MAX sits parked in a hangar at Boeing Field in Seattle, Washington, May 9, 2017. Picture taken May 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Redmond 2/6 left right A new Boeing 737MAX (R) sits parked on the tarmac with other 737 models at Boeing Field after coming off the production line in Seattle, Washington, May 9, 2017. Picture taken May 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Redmond 3/6 left right A new Boeing 737MAX sits parked on the tarmac at Boeing Field after coming off the production line in Seattle, Washington, May 9, 2017. Picture taken May 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Redmond 4/6 left right A new Boeing 737MAX (1st R) sits parked on the tarmac with other 737 models at Boeing Field after coming off the production line in Seattle, Washington, May 9, 2017. Picture taken May 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Redmond 5/6 left right A new Boeing 737MAX (1st R) sits parked on the tarmac with other 737 models at Boeing Field after coming off the production line in Seattle, Washington, May 9, 2017. Picture taken May 9, 2017. REUTERS/Jason Redmond 6/6 By Alwyn Scott | SEATTLE SEATTLE Boeing Co (BA.N) said on Wednesday it had temporarily halted test flights of its new 737 MAX aircraft due to an issue with the engine, which is jointly made by General Electric Co (GE.N) and Safran SA (SAF.PA) of France. The grounding comes days before Boeing was due to deliver its first 737 MAX to an airline and marks a high-profile delay in a program that Boeing had said was ahead of schedule. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 MAX but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. Boeing and engine maker CFM said they do not know how long the delay will last. Boeing shares fell 1.3 percent to $183.15 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange. GE shares were down 0.9 percent at $28.67. The 737 MAX replaces an older version of Boeing's best-selling single-aisle aircraft, a key moneymaker for the aerospace company. The 737 MAX 8, the first version of the plane to be built, seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration. It carries a list price of $110 million but airlines typically receive steep discounts. A delay in getting aircraft to customers likely would cause a build up in Boeing's inventory, "as planes essentially sit waiting for engines," said analyst Rob Stallard at Vertical Research Partners. "Investors are acutely focused" on the risks of speeding up production of the new engine, known as the LEAP-1B, he said. Separately, Airbus said it was continuing flights with its A320neo, which is powered by the similar LEAP-1A engine and is flying customers. Malaysian carrier Malindo Air was set to receive the first 737 MAX delivery on Monday and use the jet for its Kuala Lumpur-Singapore route from May 19. But Malindo CEO Chandran Rama Muthy told Reuters that it does not plan to use the plane until May 22, without elaborating on the reason for the delay. Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA (NWC.OL), which was due to receive its first 737 MAX near the end of May, said it expected a "a few days' delay." "This will, however, not delay the launch of our upcoming trans-Atlantic routes from the United States to Edinburgh,” spokesman Anders Lindstrom said in an email. Southwest Airlines Co (LUV.N), the initial customer for the 737 MAX, said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Southwest is expected to begin receiving the jet later in the year after it retires some older 737s. American Airlines Group Inc (AAL.O), which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment. The issue arose late last week when Safran found a quality problem in a large metal disc used in the low-pressure turbine at the rear of the engine, said Jamie Jewell, a spokesman for the engine maker, CFM International. CFM notified Boeing, which immediately grounded the fleet of about 21 planes. GE spokesman Rick Kennedy said the disc that prompted the concern had not been installed in an engine. "There have been no issues whatsoever with engines in the field," Jewell said. All of the 30 to 40 engines that have been built so far will be sent either to Lafayette, Indiana, or Villaroche, France, for inspection, Kennedy said. Many will need to be removed from aircraft and shipped, Jewell said. It was not clear how long the inspections would take to complete. Safran received the disc from a supplier but there are other suppliers of that part so production of the engine was continuing, Kennedy said. (Additional reporting by Alana Wise and A. Ananthalakshmi in Kuala Lumpur,; Editing by Bill Trott and Edwina Gibbs) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Asian shares retreat, but on track for winning week TOKYO Asian shares were hobbled on Friday by a downbeat performance on Wall Street though they remained on track for weekly gains, while oil prices extended a rally on hopes for output cuts. In Trump's shadow, Fed official says trade barriers a 'dead end' MUMBAI/NEW YORK Trade protectionism is a "dead end" that may score political points but will ultimately hurt the U.S. economy, one of the most influential Federal Reserve officials said on Thursday in the central bank's strongest defense yet of open borders in the face of a skeptical Trump administration. Wal-Mart CEO to be questioned in U.S. lawsuit over Mexican bribery A federal judge on Thursday ordered Wal-Mart Stores Inc Chief Executive Douglas McMillon to submit to questioning in a lawsuit by shareholders hoping to learn what he knows about suspected bribery by the world's largest retailer in Mexico. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad UPDATE 3-Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights due to engine issue By Reuters Published: 19:57 EDT, 10 May 2017 | Updated: 19:57 EDT, 10 May 2017 e-mail By Alwyn Scott SEATTLE, May 10 (Reuters) - Boeing Co said on Wednesday it had temporarily halted test flights of its new 737 MAX aircraft due to an issue with the engine, which is jointly made by General Electric Co and Safran SA of France. The grounding comes days before Boeing was due to deliver its first 737 MAX to an airline and marks a high-profile delay in a program that Boeing had said was ahead of schedule. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 MAX but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. Boeing and engine maker CFM said they do not know how long the delay will last. Boeing shares fell 1.3 percent to $183.15 in afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange. GE shares were down 0.9 percent at $28.67. The 737 MAX replaces an older version of Boeing's best-selling single-aisle aircraft, a key moneymaker for the aerospace company. The 737 MAX 8, the first version of the plane to be built, seats 162 passengers in a typical two-class configuration. It carries a list price of $110 million but airlines typically receive steep discounts. A delay in getting aircraft to customers likely would cause a build up in Boeing's inventory, "as planes essentially sit waiting for engines," said analyst Rob Stallard at Vertical Research Partners. "Investors are acutely focused" on the risks of speeding up production of the new engine, known as the LEAP-1B, he said. Separately, Airbus said it was continuing flights with its A320neo, which is powered by the similar LEAP-1A engine and is flying customers. The 737 MAX grounding likely will mean a delay for Malindo Air, a Malaysian carrier that had been expected to receive the first 737 MAX delivery as early as Monday. Norwegian Air Shuttle ASA, which was due to receive its first 737 MAX near the end of May, said it expected a "a few days' delay." "This will, however, not delay the launch of our upcoming trans-Atlantic routes from the United States to Edinburgh," spokesman Anders Lindstrom said in an email. Southwest Airlines Co, the initial customer for the 737 MAX, said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Southwest is expected to begin receiving the jet later in the year after it retires some older 737s. American Airlines Group Inc, which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment. The issue arose late last week when Safran found a quality problem in a large metal disc used in the low-pressure turbine at the rear of the engine, said Jamie Jewell, a spokesman for the engine maker, CFM International. CFM notified Boeing, which immediately grounded the fleet of about 21 planes. GE spokesman Rick Kennedy said the disc that prompted the concern had not been installed in an engine. "There have been no issues whatsoever with engines in the field," Jewell said. All of the 30 to 40 engines that have been built so far will be sent either to Lafayette, Indiana, or Villaroche, France, for inspection, Kennedy said. Many will need to be removed from aircraft and shipped, Jewell said. It was not clear how long the inspections would take to complete. Safran received the disc from a supplier but there are other suppliers of that part so production of the engine was continuing, Kennedy said. (Additional reporting by Alana Wise; Editing by Bill Rigby and Bill Trott) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Kim Kardashian flashes her famous curves in figure-hugging black midi dress to take daughter North on ice cream outing for KUWTK scenes Miley Cyrus proudly wears her engagement ring while playing the wholesome surfer girl in new video tribute to hunky fiance Liam Hemsworth  'I actually got confused! Shocked fans go into meltdown after Billie Piper shares a rare picture of her almost identical younger sister Elle Rehab? No thanks! Scott Disick parties with gaggle of blondes amid fears he's 'drinking too much' in wake of Kourtney's new toyboy romance Kourtney Kardashian goes NUDE in pool for photoshoot... while 'jealous' Kylie Jenner and sisters watch on Not an inch of fabric to cover up Worried about beach style this summer? Take inspiration from the A-list and pick the look that works for your personality AND body SPONSORED SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Bethany Platt STABS Gary Windass... while evil boyfriend Nathan prepares to set another vile friend upon her Beanie buddies! Justin Timberlake carries Silas wearing matching skull caps and meets up with Jessica Biel Duo were seen arguing in public last week Strawberry please! North West, three, enjoys ice cream cone on day out with mom Kim Kardashian in LA She turns four next month Peep show! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, leaves little to the imagination as she wears sheer dress with no bra to Dior show in Los Angeles Beach ballerina! Katy Perry twirls around the sea in blush pink dress on girlie vacation in Mexico  Showcased her stunning physique Solo shopper! Jennifer Aniston enjoys some retail therapy in LA after shooting down any hope of a Friends reunion Spotted loading some new goods into her car  'He wants to kill me... I want to kill him' Aaron Chalmers is involved in heated shoving match with rival Greg Jenkins as they weigh in ahead of MMA debut  'I'm very proud of you': Billie Faiers shows her support for pregnant Ferne McCann... as she prepares to welcome best friend into 'the mummy club' All you need to taste the sunshine is a fork! We show you how to EAT your way around the Mediterranean this summer SPONSORED Pippa Middleton 'asks guests to bring TWO outfits to her wedding' - but are the bride-to-be's growing list of demands becoming a 'tad ridiculous'? I'm a Barbie girl! Blonde Kylie Jenner transforms into a 'plastic and fantastic' living doll for eye-popping new shoot Bright young thing Danniella Westbrook sips a cocktail on a luxurious yacht as she soaks up sun in Spain... after EastEnders SLAM claims she will return to the soap Victoria Beckham looks effortlessly chic as she steps out in New York... after missing out on premiere for husband David's big acting debut in King Arthur Baby-faced raver! Hollyoaks' Tom Cunningham parties in Ibiza as childstar films new scenes for spin off of the Channel 4 soap  Good times Snooze to schmooze! Bella Hadid cuts a tired figure as she touches down in London in bright pink pyjamas before hitting the town in sexy ab-flashing ensemble Booty-ful inside and out! Busty Amber Rose reveals famous derriere in low-cut spandex bodysuit on Instagram Continued to flaunt her body  'I'm single at the moment': One Direction's Niall Horan, 23, says he's in 'no rush' to get into a relationship due to his 'flat out' work schedule Gemma Oaten goes public with new boyfriend Scott Walker at Interlude In Prague premiere in London... following heartbreak over Nick Knowles fling 'They're a bunch of w***ers!' Tommy Mallett and Georgia Kousoulou shock Holly Willoughby by fiercely slamming their TOWIE co-stars on Celebrity Juice Cally-Jane Beech slams 'today's labour procedures' after tough 32-hour birth to welcome daughter Vienna by emergency C-section Revving up! Blac Chyna shares snaps of the $273k red Ferrari she received as a birthay gift... but doesn't reveal who it's from Bright red sportscar Braless Joanna Krupa suffers epic wardrobe malfunction as flashbulbs expose her ample assets and underwear under metallic knitted dress  Tess Daly puts on a leggy display in a zip-up cocktail dress slashed to the thigh as she cosies up to husband Vernon Kay during night out Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley showcases her blossoming baby bump in a figure-hugging black maxi dress as she steps out in Santa Monica Lottie Moss looks sartorially savvy as she flashes her lean legs in tiny shorts and suede jacket for dating app launch In London on Thursday Checkmate! Charli XCX flaunts her washboard abs in quirky batwing crop top and coordinating flares as she enjoys launch party in London Bruce Forsyth's wife Wilnelia, 59, looks timeless in midnight blue ensemble as she makes solo appearance after Strictly legend, 89, was hospitalised 'He's a mini version of ME': Liam Payne claims baby son Bear looks like him during meet or greet with fans... as he shares title and release date of his debut solo single It's Jude 2:0! Law's lookalike son Rafferty cuts a handsome figure as he poses for edgy new Timberland campaign Spitting image Newly-single Vanessa White cosies up to Saturdays bandmate Frankie Bridge's ex Dougie Poynter as they catch up at star-studded hotel launch Dakota Johnson pairs blue-patterned jumpsuit with $190 Gucci plastic slides in Hollywood Has called Gucci designer Alessandro Michele 'a good friend' Focusing on family! Kourtney Kardashian spends time with kids at ice cream museum as 'friends fear ex Scott Disick is spiraling out of control' 'When Virgin don't put your bags on the plane!' Lewis Hamilton looks despondent as he waits for missing luggage 'for over an hour' following flight from Los Angeles Revenge wedding! Emily VanCamp takes to Instagram to announce engagement to Josh Bowman The Canadian actress has her engagement ring 'His loss is tough': Halle Berry posts touching tribute to 'beloved' cat Playdough Posted a tribute to her 'beloved' late cat Playdough 'Did we genuinely miss this?': Eurovision fans left fuming when BBC coverage omits Macedonia contestant's romantic proposal Flocked to Twitter 'Couldn't find one perk in this book': 'Jealous' Harry Styles fans target 1D star's rumoured girlfriend Tess Ward as she receives a string of scathing book reviews Casting her spell! Michelle Pfeiffer, 59, looks enchanting in black pantsuit at the Wizard Of Lies premiere in NYC Knows how to enchant Proving her X Factor! Chloe Paige puts on a leggy display in a plunging gold gown slashed to the thigh as she enjoys night out in London Make-up free Amber Dowding dons skin-tight pink tracksuit as she heads to gym... after TOWIE's Chris Clark dumped Little Mix's Jesy Nelson for her Bring your mum to work day! Jennifer Lopez beams as mother Guadalupe visits her on Shades Of Blue NYC set Gave her a warm hug on the show's set  Giving himself a shake! Nick Jonas slurps protein drink after getting pumped at gym in Los Angeles Showing off his bulging biceps Rosie O'Donnell 'sparks custody battle between her Broadway actress lover and husband' With husband David 'Scott' Schiff  Catherine Tyldesley exudes elegance in a chic Bardot dress as she parties with Corrie co-star Katie McGlynn at perfume bash Looking good Samantha Barks flashes underboob in revealing cut-out LBD as she leads the glamour at premiere of her new film Interlude In Prague A £450,000 collection of designer dresses and £110,000 worth of handbags: Inside Tamara's £1m wardrobe (and what it says about what's inside her head!) Looking Super! Diane Lane joins Faye Dunaway at Paris Can Wait premiere in West Hollywood  It will no doubt be an action extravaganza Adrenaline junkie Tom Cruise can't stop smiling as he races down a Paris street in daring motorbike chase scene for Mission: Impossible 6 Watch this space! Director Ridley Scott brings the Alien saga bursting back to life with hints of his 1979 sci-fi masterpiece  All his hallmarks Kim Kardashian reveals Paris robbers had made a previous heist attempt... but were scared off by her husband Kanye West Terrifying ordeal Hugs and kisses! Khloe Kardashian spreads the love with XO sweatshirt as she jets into LA Dressed in head-to-toe camouflage The morning after the knight before! Brooklyn Beckham cuts a trendy figure alongside pal Rocco's girlfriend Kim Turnbull in London... after King Arthur bash 'She had a severe panic attack and collapsed': Stephanie Davis REMAINS in hospital with mystery 'stress-related illness' amid break up   Elisabeth Moss gets VERY steamy with co-star Max Minghella as goes completely NAKED for sex scene in new show The Handmaid's Tale Kylie Jenner goes sporty in crop top as she visits babies with cleft palates during philanthropic Peru trip... after donating $1m for their surgery How I got my Baywatch body back at 49: Donna D'Errico shares more pictures from her extensive plastic surgery transformation  Nicki Minaj and Joe Jonas get close in DNCE's Kissing Strangers music video Rap diva sported a brown-patched bikini top and floral pants  'I was a go-go dancer!': Goldie Hawn reveals she danced on tables for money and took nude photo for Kurt Russell during sexy game with Amy Schumer 'Sincerest regrets': Chanel issues apology after Gabourey Sidibe reveals she was racially profiled at their Chicago boutique  Said sorry Run every town! Jay Z signs massive decade-long $200 million touring contract It seems as though he isn't slowing down anytime soon 'I was asked to do it, and the answer is no': Simon Cowell shuts down any talk of returning for American Idol reboot It's not happening Pregnant Ferne McCann shows off a hint of a bump in chic striped dress as she emerges with a smile on her face... after breaking down in tears live on air Elba's the boss on both sides of the camera: Actor to debut as a director in morality tale movie about a North London drug dealer Starting Monday This Is Us star Chrissy Metz rocks chic LBD as she returns to the red carpet after thanking fans for support following body shaming Unfazed by criticism Sue Perkins and Mel Giedroyc ' frontrunners to host BBC revival of The Generation Game'... months after quitting The Great British Bake Off MasterChef final is tinged with sadness after grandmother who taught contestant to cook sadly dies since it was filmed Last episode   'It affected every part of my life': Jamie O'Hara battled depression after his mother died when he was 17... and sought help because of his sons 'I was sick of taking them': Danniella Westbrook worries fans by admitting she has stopped medication for schizophrenia and clinical depression 'I'm gonna bump you!' Tongue-tied Chris Pratt goes red in the face while playing laugh-out-loud guessing game with Ellen Fits of laughter  Kate Moss and a male pal wear MATCHING khaki jackets in London... after she was left 'pining' for beau Nikolai von Bismark during rehab stint  Gigi Hadid goes casual cool in quirky Tommy Hilfiger jacket on coffee run in New York... and raises eyebrows with new bling on THAT finger 'I feel most confident in the gym': Demi Lovato reveals training MMA is 'definitely therapeutic' as she launches fitness line New range Alexa Chung goes casual chic in oversized sweater and leggings as she enjoys a stroll around New York Showed off her more relaxed style EXCLUSIVE: Attorney lashes out at father of Bella and Gigi Hadid as judge orders him to stand trial and face possible JAIL for illegally built mansion Nephew accused of abusing Katherine Jackson claims she should pay his legal fees as she 'spends thousands every month supporting her children' 'I'm not digging smoking right now': Miley Cyrus QUIT weed because she's 'too busy' to be 'munching at home playing video games' Lana Del Rey swaps glittering gold mini dress for saucy semi-sheer slip in stunning new photo shoot... amid romance rumours with rapper G-Eazy Boxing tale is a thumping tour de force: Jawbone packs an almighty punch, writes BRIAN VINER Stunningly acted, superbly written EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE: The BBC's King Charles III inevitably contained plenty of howlers  For example, Prince Charles prefers a belt! 'A budget has been set': Highly-anticipated Downton Abbey film is FINALLY 'set to begin shooting this autumn'... two years after its TV finale Lily and the Downton gang head to Guernsey: Actress speaks about her new role playing a war correspondent  Liked the idea of being an independent woman Harry's heading off in all sorts of directions: Eponymous solo debut from the 1D star is an engaging effort, writes ADRIAN THRILLS  New album Picking up the wedding shoes? Spencer Matthews shops with mother Jane ahead of brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton...as flame Vogue is 'banned' Back to her roots! TOWIE'S Megan McKenna returns to her long raven locks after fooling fans with a bright pink wig Brown locks Cara Delevingne sports a bubblegum pink wig as she shoots scenes new film for Life In A Year... before whipping it off to reveal her shaved head 'This isn't about you': Pregnant Ferne McCann trolled by This Morning viewers after breaking down in tears during first TV appearance since acid attack 'I would be mad too if magazines kept trying to keep us apart': Elsa Pataky breaks silence on 'tense' photos with husband Chris Hemsworth Awkward? Thomas Cohen and girlfriend Zoe Sidel cosy up at Tiffany bash... as his ex Daisy Lowe hits the same star-studded party Three's a crowd Tamara Ecclestone reveals her three-year-old daughter sleeps in her bed EVERY night (and insists her husband 'totally gets it') 'Co-sleeping' method 'We're planning something!': Take That are plotting a reunion tour and new music for 30th anniversary... and want Robbie and Jason on board 'I'm aware that it looks like a giant cigarette': Ashley James shows off her sensational figure in a skimpy bikini as she jokes about bizarre throwback holiday snap  Kourtney Kardashian celebrates new beau Younes Bendjima's birthday over dinner...as ex Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking'  Rob Kardashian digs out old pictures to wish Blac Chyna a happy birthday... after skipping her party with family and friends Boris Becker's ex-wife Barbara, 50, flaunts her long legs in fringed mini-dress as she arrives in style for Duftstars awards in Berlin Kim klone! Ashley Graham continues to channel Kardashian's style as she showcases curves in tight-fitting white two-piece and duster coat Shade! Jessica Chastain does epic eye-roll at Johnny Depp's dependence on earpiece while acting Actor 'has a full-time sound engineer'  Geordie Phwoar! Vicky Pattison shows off her legs in a pretty mini dress covered with flora and fauna embroidery for a summery day out  Cute day dress Vogue Williams shows off hr sideboob as she enjoys sunny holiday... after being 'banned' from Spencer Matthews' brother's nuptials to Pippa Middleton 'I asked God to heal my son': Goldie Hawn reveals she turned to prayer when her son Oliver nearly died after birth Was taken to the ICU 13 Reasons Why stars Dylan Minnette and Katherine Langford pose for Entertainment Weekly cover...days after season two renewal Kieran Hayler denies claims wife Katie Price is pregnant in irritable cryptic Instagram video... insisting they 'aren't planning any more babies soon' Do I look good in this? Formula 1 champ Lewis Hamilton snaps a quick selfie during fashion photo shoot in Barcelona Looking uber cool  'Mermaid vibes': TOWIE's Kate Wright shows off her incredibly tiny waist and darker braided locks as she poses by the sea for stunning bikini snap Sloane Rangers! Lottie Moss rocks ripped jeans and quirky blue shades as she goes shopping on King's Road with MIC's Emily Blackwell In good spirits PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Tamsin Egerton shows off her blooming bump in a tight T-shirt as she gets cosy with boyfriend Josh Hartnett in the park Tyga's mystery girl revealed! Rapper spotted stepping out with gorgeous Brazilian super star Anitta Her real name is Larissa de Macedo Machado Buckle up! Nicole Scherzinger and French Montana step out in matching beige trench coats as they enjoy night out in LA Denied romance  'He needs to go back to rehab': Scott Disick 'worries friends with his heavy drinking' as Kourtney Kardashian moves on with toyboy model beau Amy Schumer reveals forgetful Kurt Russell was delighted to meet her for the first time... even though they'd already spent a whole evening together 'He's a great barometer for me:' Zac Efron says he looks to younger brother Dylan for dating advice Turns to his 25-year-old sibling for guidance Kesha turns heads in $823 kooky Gucci platforms and floral suit as she leads the style with long-term love Brad Ashenfelter at star-studded LA premiere This Is Us star Chrissy Metz thanks fans for 'love and support' after getting body shamed for wearing PVC dress to MTV Movie & TV Awards She wore a minidress 'My daily fix of puppy breath': January Jones cuddles up to new fluffy pet pooch Joey Shared a picture snuggled up to her pet pooch 'I never get on a scale!' Curvaceous model Kate Upton reveals she won't go on any crazy diets before wedding to Justin Verlander Not happening Leggy Adriana Lima risks a wardrobe malfunction in sizzling slashed gown while headed to NYC shoot Victoria's Secret Angel was red hot This is the life! Roxanne Pallett is in great spirits in sporty bikini during Portugal getaway... after dramatically leaving The Wedding Singer musical Yo-yo dieter Kirstie Alley indulges in ice cream and cigarette as she makes a Dairy Queen pit stop Treated themselves at a Florida truck stop What's in a name? Beyonce and Jay Z challenged AGAIN over second attempt to trademark Blue Ivy Carter Stranglehold The Fantastic Mr Bonneville: Downton Abbey star Hugh is to portray beloved children's author Roald Dahl in new biopic Coming soon 'A crew of forty, four survivors... ONE distress call': Bill is in mortal danger as Doctor Who confronts dozens of terrifying space zombies Nicole Kidman looks almost unrecognisable in trailer for Top of the Lake: China Girl sporting a grey wig and freckled complexion Who's that girl? That's hardly royal china! Jenna Coleman is a very modern queen as she carries disposable coffee cup while on Victoria set with real-life beau Tom Hughes Her royal cryness! Overwhelmed little boy bursts into tears after meeting Kate in Luxembourg on the latest leg of the royals' Brexit charm offensive Prince Charles reveals his desire to strengthen Britain's 'special relationship' with Ireland - 40 years after his 'honorary grandfather' was killed by the IRA Two houses united in grief: Swedish royals pay their respects to the king's brother-in-law as the Spanish monarchy send off the late Duchess of Calabria The couple that sweats together...! Ivanka Trump and husband Jared Kushner put on a sporty show as they return home after gym session and coffee run 'He's a fraud, and can't cook': Jamie Oliver's calls to bring in a sugar tax to limit obesity is slammed by Australian breakfast TV host Mark Latham 'I wouldn't mind meeting her': Richard Wilkins says he would like 'to have a coffee' with Caitlyn Jenner after she propositioned for a date Made In Chelsea's Georgia 'Toff' Toffolo shows off her pins in a frilled suede skirt as she spends the afternoon frolicking with an array of adorable dogs Coral Queen! Maxima wears a vibrant orange number to welcome the President of Costa Rica to the Netherlands - hours after partying with European royals in Oslo Red hot! Holly Hagan flaunts her ample assets and enviable curves in sizzling in swimsuit in saucy Instagram snap Ex Geordie Shore star Beloved Catweazle and Worzel Gummidge actor Geoffrey Bayldon dies at home at 93 after battling respiratory problems  Beloved British actor Three's a crowd? Newly-single Cara De La Hoyde sizzles in a gold bikini as she eases her heartache in Cape Verde with Alex Bowen and Olivia Buckland He's got a type! Newly-single Tyga enjoys intimate dinner with a mystery girl in LA... who is the spitting image of his rumoured love interest Jordan Ozuna 'She burst into tears!' Busy Philipps surprises mom by wearing wedding dress for parents' 50th anniversary celebration On a Disney cruise Just the two of us! Zoe Saldana and husband Marco Perego leave their boys at home as they share some quality time together Out and about My Modern arrangement: Ariel Winter, 19, reveals her new boyfriend Levi Meaden, 29, has moved into her home Going strong  Don't call me Lady Gaga! Singer Stefani Germanotta drops famous stage name for A Star Is Born Reinventing her over-the-top image 'We were invited back to his dressing room...': Petula Clark claims she was propositioned for a THREESOME by Elvis with fellow singer Karen Carpenter Adriana Lima appears to take aim at ex Matt Harvey following booze bender just days after model ditched him and 'rekindled romance with Julian Edelman'  For the Love of fashion: Courtney flaunts her shapely legs in a chic shift dress and pussybow blouse at Cini party in Venice Not her rock chick self Competing with A-Rod? Jennifer Lopez shows off athletic physique in track jacket and clinging tights as she heads to gym in New York Breakaway! American Idol winner Kelly Clarkson set to join rival talent show The Voice... despite singing competition show's ABC return 'People want to create drama!' Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest have been 'transparent'... amid rumors American Idol return will create 'situation' Glam Salma Hayek showcases her enviable style in sizzling pink midi dress as she enjoys a romantic evening with François-Henri Pinault at Cini party in Venice Jingle Bell! Kristen gets animated with Mila Kunis on the Georgia set of A Bad Moms Christmas Was spotted gating rather worked up Young beauty Kaia Gerber, 15, displays striking resemblance to model mother Cindy Crawford, 51, as they enjoy low-key family dinner together in LA The boys are back in town! Johnny Depp and Orlando Bloom are mobbed by fans as they hit the world premiere of new Pirates Of The Caribbean film The ultimate troll? Bow Wow claims there's a 'scientific method to his madness' attempting to suggest he purposely did the fake private jet post 'I was never afraid to be a provocative woman': Missy Elliott rocks Marc Jacobs track suit as she reveals inspiration for iconic outfits 'We make decisions as parents now': John Legend reveals he and Chrissy Teigen haven't exposed baby Luna to 'entertainment' yet Protective parents Performing with Glee: Lea Michele wows in plunging grey floral gown with sexy thigh-split as she shows off her dulcet tones at San Francisco gig In a tight spot! Lily James struggles to hold up her stockings and suspenders as she wears 40s costume to film Guernsey scenes on the beach WAG Camille Sold steps out with footballer fiance Morgan Schneiderlin in matching Adidas... paying homage to her past as a sports shop assistant Lily Collins jazzes up her casual jeans with glamorous slick of scarlet lipstick as she catches up with a gal pal over dinner in LA Looked truly stunning Looking fedorable! Drew Barrymore rocks a maroon hat as she channels a flower-power vibe to hail a cab Hailing a cab in New York City 'I truly can't believe it - double digits!' Donald Trump Jr's 'little girl' Kai celebrates 10th birthday alongside her parents, friends, and her aunt Tiffany Action girl! Tom Cruise checks out Mission Impossible 6 co-star Rebecca Ferguson on location in Paris as she struts around him sleek biker leathers Bold look! Charli XCX flaunts her ample cleavage in plunging black bra as she arrives at BBC studios in London Loves a racy ensemble Adrienne Bailon almost falls out of her bizarre one-sleeved shirt on date night with husband  Stepped out to celebrate their friends' birthday 'It's hard to accept help': Made In Chelsea stars Natalie Joel and Lauren Hutton reveal they have battled eating disorders and depression  'He's a talented actor!': Guy Ritchie defends casting David Beckham in King Arthur... but the former footballer insists 'won't be pursuing acting' after backlash Brooklyn Beckham tags along with pal Rocco Ritchie and girlfriend Kim Turnbull at star-studded King Arthur after-party... but where's dad David? Off-duty chic! Rose Byrne shows off style credentials in layered ensemble as she runs errands in New York Perfected the off-duty look  'My dad is still very much my mum's soulmate': Bindi Irwin breaks her silence on rumours her mother Terri is 'in love' with actor Russell Crowe Carol Vorderman leads outrage as ITV show Benidorm airs 'highly offensive' cleft lip joke which has sparkled 118 complaints to Ofcom Viewers weren't amused Bella Thorne debuts her mermaid curls as she displays her enviably toned physique in a patterned sports bra and cropped tracksuit bottoms On jolly good form! The Queen can't hide her delight as her horse wins a prestigious cup at the Windsor show The monarch wrapped up warm  Don't forget the price tag! Kerry Katona makes embarrassing faux pas as she displays toned pins in denim hot pants on Instagram  Showing them how it's done! BNTM judge Abbey Clancy strips down to a bikini as she cavorts with contestants on yacht for swimwear challenge 'She's the apple of our eyes': Poppy Delevingne insists she is not jealous of sister Cara... admitting supermodel was always destined for greatness Pure and simple: Myleene Klass looks effortlessly cool in a plunging floral maxi dress with sexy thigh-split as she heads to radio studios Cheeky! Kylie Jenner wears nothing but a bra and thong as she shows off generous derriere and ample assets in revealing social media snap 'I screamed and cried through the whole first viewing': Heath Ledger's sister Kate talks about seeing her brother's unseen footage in new documentary Sealed with a kiss!  Kate Hudson locks lips with new musician beau Danny Fujikawa as they make red carpet debut at Snatched premiere It's official 'She died with zero in the bank!' Ex-EastEnder John Partridge reveals his beloved mother has passed away... following his decision to do CBB to fund £45k care costs Peter Andre shares his experience with aliens on This Morning... after landing first movie role in Hollywood thriller The Undoing Bagged new movie role Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Former Fed Chair Greenspan Warns of Deficit Spending Disaster Ahead Home | TheWire Tags: buzz aldrin | mars | international space station Buzz Aldrin to NASA: Dump International Space Station; Focus on Mars Astronaut Buzz Aldrin speaks on stage during WE Day New York Welcome to celebrate young people changing the world at Radio City Music Hall on April 6, 2017 in New York City. (Dimitrios Kambouris/Getty Images for WE) By Jen Krausz   |   Thursday, 11 May 2017 04:52 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Astronaut Buzz Aldrin said in a speech that NASA should retire the International Space Station or privatize it in order to focus on attempts to put humans on Mars. “We must retire the ISS as soon as possible,” said Aldrin, who traveled with Apollo 11 and walked on the moon, Space.com reported. “We simply cannot afford $3.5 billion a year of that cost.” Aldrin spoke on Tuesday at the 2017 Humans to Mars conference in Washington, D.C. Low Earth orbit stations like the ISS should be built, staffed, and administered by local companies like Bigelow Aerospace or Axiom Space, Aldrin continued, Space.com reported. NASA has already used companies like SpaceX, Orbital ATK, and Boeing to move equipment and passengers to and from the ISS. It’s a matter of cost to Aldrin, who would rather see NASA spend its limited funding on human colonization of Mars than on low Earth orbit activities, PC Magazine reported. Aldrin’s vision for Mars colonization involves first setting up a lunar outpost where technologies can be tested and developed before sending the first crew to Mars in the 2030s. According to PC Magazine, however, the ISS is funded by NASA through 2024 and provides a place for astronauts to perform experiments, test equipment, and find out what happens to humans who spend extended time in space. Those Twitter users who had an opinion tended to agree with Aldrin. Buzz Aldrin is right. Scrap the ISS! Get to Mars! https://t.co/1avFZr1weU — octopusmagnificens (@octopodiforme) May 11, 2017 Probably a good idea to retire the ISS to free up budget for other big projects. https://t.co/xk0qul4WP1 via @SPACEdotcom — Nicholas Sammons (@NicholasCT) May 10, 2017 Related Stories: 5 NASA Miracles Trump Will Need to Get to Mars by 2020 NASA-Boeing Deal: Astronauts Hitching Rides to Space Station © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share TheWire Astronaut Buzz Aldrin said in a speech that NASA should retire the International Space Station or privatize it in order to focus on attempts to put humans on Mars. buzz aldrin, mars, international space station 275 Thursday, 11 May 2017 04:52 PM 2017-52-11 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus   Most Popular 8 Top Choices to Replace Comey at FBI Wednesday, 10 May 2017 | 25 comments Trey Gowdy...... Ed Murray Drops Seattle Mayor Re-election Bid Amid Abuse Claims Tuesday, 09 May 2017 | 21 comments After looking at that picture I'd vote guilty on that jury against this... Ferguson Protester Dead, Was Subject of Iconic Photograph Friday, 05 May 2017 | 56 comments What they said about him always happy and loving his children could not be... Betsy DeVos Booed During Commencement Speech, Grads Turn Backs Wednesday, 10 May 2017 | 19 comments Kudos to DeVos for having the courage to walk into a larder of snakes.... Dwayne Johnson for President? Actor Tells GQ What He'd Do Wednesday, 10 May 2017 | 17 comments Take away his scripts and steroids and what have you got??Not much!!... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search News Elections Crime Texas Legislature Politics Education Investigations Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Balch Springs Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County Keller LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas North Richland Hills Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Trade Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close AP Senate maneuvers to undo court rulings that keep public records secret, but House approval uncertain Filed under Texas Legislature at 10 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by J. David McSwane, Data and Enterprise Reporter Connect with J. David McSwane On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now AUSTIN — Bills to increase transparency and make government records more accessible to the public, including a measure to restore access to contracts between companies and government bodies, had been stuck in a House committee.  So on Thursday, Sen. Kirk Watson, an Austin Democrat, appended to a House bill an amalgam of tweaks that he and open records advocates crafted, which passed the Senate 30-1 and heads to the House, where their fate is uncertain. That maneuver gives new life to a half-dozen bills that have languished in the lower chamber despite bipartisan support, including two key bills Watson introduced with his Republican House counterpart, Rep. Giovanni Capriglione of Southlake. "This is one of those bills that's a very good bill for the public," Watson said Thursday. "This is a big, important bill." The bipartisan duo authored a legislative fix following Boeing v. Paxton, a Texas Supreme Court ruling that essentially made secret contracts between private companies and government bodies, from the local school board up to the governor's office. The court ruled in favor of the company and said those records, which for decades were routinely made public, could give competitors an unfair advantage. They also introduced a bill to reverse a separate ruling that Greater Houston Partnership, a nonprofit funded with taxpayer dollars, wasn't subject to the Texas Public Information Act. That ruling shields hundreds of quasi-governmental organizations from releasing records about how they spend public dollars. The two rulings "created darkness where there should have been light," Watson said. Watson's amendments effectively restore the public records law to what it was before 2015, when the state's highest civil court significantly diminished the law. Ironically, that was the same year lawmakers, led by Republican Sen. Jane Nelson, overhauled the state contract process in response to a scandal at the state's largest agency, the Health and Human Services Commission. The alarming conflicts of interest that led to a $110 million deal between the commission and Austin tech company 21CT were first reported by the Austin American-Statesman, which built its investigation on records requests for contract documents that now would be kept secret.  Lawmakers and advocates seek to undo Texas Supreme Court rulings that concealed public records Both bills overwhelmingly passed the Senate, but they were dying a slow death in the House Government Transparency and Operation Committee, whose chairman, Rep. Gary Elkins, has sided with powerful business groups who want to keep such records secret. "A lot of people happen to think the Supreme Court got it right," the Houston Republican told the Corpus Christi Caller-Times. Watson said the upper chamber has sent the House a good bill that "closes significant loopholes." "I'm hopeful," he said. Watson essentially glued provisions in the stuck bills to a House bill he carried in the upper chamber for Rep. Eddie Lucio III, a Brownsville Democrat. That bill creates an expedited process for denying the release of public information. It circumvents the required opinion by the attorney general's office, which has in recent years been hammered with requests for opinions from agencies seeking to withhold records. Under Lucio's bill, government employees who receive special training may withhold records or portions of records without seeking an AG opinion, so long as they deny the public records request within five business days of receiving it. One of Watson's amendments will increase the release of dates of birth on government records, such as criminal arrest records, which was standard practice until a recent court ruling made secret all dates of birth. State law previously exempted the release of dates of birth only for certain employees, such as police, due to privacy concerns. Expanding the exemption to all dates of birth is problematic, news organizations and open records advocates say, because it makes it impossible to distinguish between two people with identical names.  Similarly, citizens and journalists have had trouble finding candidates' birth dates, which are necessary to do criminal background checks or ensure a candidate meets age requirements to run for public office. Watson also appended tweaks to the Texas Public Information Act to crack down on gimmicks some local and state government offices are using to deny records, including a clarification that public information stored on a private device, such as a government employee's private phone or laptop, must still be released.  View Comments Tags Texas Legislature Politics Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to News More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:05 GMT +312 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Plasma Cannon: US Army’s Drone-Killing Laser Gun Wows Observers © AP Photo/ Octav Ganea, Mediafax Military & Intelligence 00:07 12.05.2017(updated 04:15 12.05.2017) Get short URL 842721527 A recent US Army exercise to test various anti-drone weapons tried out customized .50 caliber firearms, acoustic sensors to pinpoint the drone’s location and jeep-mounted jammer devices meant to knock drones out of the sky. But the clear winner from the exercise was a literal laser gun, mounted on a Stryker combat vehicle. The prototype laser was so effective that the operator lost count of how many drones he shot down with it. "I took down, I want to say, 12?" Staff Sgt. Eric Davis told reporters. "It was extremely effective." The laser in question is the Boeing-General Dynamics Mobile Expeditionary High-Energy Laser (MEHEL) 2 prototype, a 5 kilowatt (kw) laser. The idea is reasonably simple: the device fires a laser that has been filled with an electrical current, much in the same way a taser wire works. As the laser travels through the air, it superheats and ionizes the air around it, forming a plasma channel. When the laser hits a target, it simultaneously strikes it with an intense electric shock and debilitating heat.  © AP Photo/ Mindaugas Kulbis US Army Successfully Tests Stryker Combat Vehicle Laser by Shooting Down Drone Being a laser, the MEHEL 2's beam travels at the speed of light. This makes lasers the perfect weapon to counter aerial weapons such as drones or even missiles (although that would take a larger beam).  During the Army's Maneuver Fires Integrated Experiment (MFIX), the MEHEL 2 got its chance to shine. Operating the weapon proved difficult at first, as the test involved real drones and simulated artillery strikes exploding around the operators. Part of the experiment was to see whether the operators could handle the complex system without becoming overwhelmed. Evidently, they succeeded. "The crew on the Stryker had never worked together. … We didn't know each other," said Davis. "[But] all the systems were pretty easy to use, and after 15-20 minutes, I was able to program all the different types of equipment." © AP Photo/ US Navy, John F. Williams Missile Defense Systems Could be Made Obsolete by Small, Powerful Laser Weapons The laser is mounted on the IAV Stryker, an armored vehicle that is faster and more maneuverable than an M1 tank but more heavily armed and robust than a Humvee. One of the Stryker's strengths is how easily it can be modified with different armaments, allowing for tasks as diverse as mobile artillery launches, engineer transportation, and chemical weapon reconnaissance. These particular Strykers are called Counter-UAS Mobile Integrated Capability vehicles, or CMICs. Two prototypes equipped with the 2kw MEHEL 1 are currently in Europe with the 2nd Cavalry Regiment, deployed in eastern Poland about 100 miles from the Russian border. The Russian military has made greater use of drones to act as spotters for artillery strikes. "In Iraq and Afghanistan, we were kind of the only ones that had Unmanned Aerial Systems [UAS or UAVs] and they pretty much flew in uncontested airspace," said General David Perkins in October 2015. Now, he said, Russia is also using the technology effectively. © REUTERS/ John Williams/U.S. Navy Battle Lasers! US, Russia, China Develop Brighter Beams for Blasting Enemies The Stryker, in particular, is known for its vulnerability to artillery strikes, as its modest armor is not sufficient to protect it or its operators.  With the success of the MEHEL 2 during the MFIX, the Army will test a 10kw variant in November. Such a laser would be heavier, but have more power and more range. If that goes well, according to Fires Battle Lab Director John Haithcock, the 10kw laser-mounted Stryker will be used in a mock battle during the Joint Warfighting Assessment. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 1527 Related: US Prepares to Test New High Powered Laser Weapon on Army Trucks Lockheed Completes Design, Development of Mobile Laser Weapon for US Army Blinding Them With Science: Russian MiG-35 to Fire Laser Weapon at Enemy Optics Russian Researchers Find a Way to Enhance the Effectiveness of Laser Systems US B-52 Heavy Bomber Set to Add Laser Weapon Defenses Tags: counter-drone system, "drone killer", laser beam, MEHEL, IAV Stryker, General Dynamics, Boeing, Russia, Poland TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 10:04Over Quarter of French Back Ex-PM Juppe's Return to Office Under Macron 10:00Obama's Legacy: US Beefing Up Its Military Presence in E Europe at Full Throttle 09:58Inevitable Punishment: Russia Opens Criminal Cases Over Kiev Killing Civilians 09:55Open Door in Exchange for Action? EU 'Weary of Ukraine's Political Limbo' 09:23China, Russia to Sign Deal on Primorye-1 International Transport CorridorAll news ‘Miserable Fate’: US Navy’s Nuclear Submarine Strikes a Nerve in North Korea 25263 Satellite Images: Beijing Installing Missile Systems on South China Sea Islands 10742 Tactical Superiority: How 16 Russian Special Forces Took Out 300 Terrorists 10235 North Korea Taunts Seoul With ‘Satellite Photos’ of THAAD 9162 US THAAD Systems Incapable of Intercepting China’s ICBMs, Ex-US Official Says 7522All news FBI Director James Comey Fired By Trump - White House 28 Rewriting History: Croatia Whitewashes WWII Fascist Crimes 24 Satellite Images: Beijing Installing Missile Systems on South China Sea Islands 23 Condoleezza Rice: US Invaded Iraq to Oust Saddam Hussein, Not to Bring Democracy 23 WATCH: Family Beach Trip Goes South Thanks to Anti-Muslim Rant 21All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics And He Scores! Putin Hits the Ice at Night Hockey League Festival in Sochi Russians Strike Again Results of the French Presidential Election News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Arun Patil Target Drones market Potential Growth, Share, Demand by Regions, Types and Analysis of Key Players- Research Forecasts to 2021 Global Target Drones Market report provide emerging opportunities in the market and the future impact of major drivers and challenges and, support decision makers in making cost-effective business decisions. The market report assesses key opportunities in the market and outlines the factors that are and will be driving the growth of the Target Drones industry. Major Key Companies of Target Drones Market are: The Boeing Company (U.S.), Northrop Grumman Corporation (U.S.), QinetiQ Group plc (U.K.), Kratos Defense & Security Solutions, Inc. (U.S.), Saab AB (Sweden), Lockheed Martin Corporation (U.S.), Airbus Group (Netherlands), Leonardo S.p.A. (Italy), ASV Global (U.K.), and AeroTargets International, LLC (U.S.). and Others. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Target Drones Market Research Report@ https://www.absolutereports.com/10764033 Target Drones Market Split by Engine Type (IC, Jet, others), End-user (Defense, Homeland Security, Commercial), Platform (Aerial, Ground, Underwater, and Sea Surface), Target Type (Full- & Sub-scaled, Free Fly, Tow, Sport). The target drones market is projected to grow from USD 3.79 billion in 2016 to USD 6.20 billion by 2022, at a CAGR of 8.55% from 2016 to 2022. The growth of the target drones market can be mainly attributed to factors, such as increased emphasis on enhanced military training and various advantages of target drones over manned target vehicles. However, lack of skilled and trained personnel to operate and control target drones may restrain the growth of this market. Ask for Sample report of Target Drones Market @  https://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10764033 Based on fit, the linefit is projected to witness the highest growth from period 2016 to 2022. Owing to limited defense budget allocation in emerging countries, customization of fighter aircraft is not feasible, as most of the emerging countries procure fighter aircraft from the U.S. and Russia, and cannot afford to convert them into aerial targets. Hence, target drones are majorly linefitted. Based on target type, the sub-scaled segment is estimated to lead the target drones market in 2016. The growth of this segment can be attributed to the increased procurement of sub-scaled aerial target drones by armed forces across the globe because advanced capabilities in simulating the threat scenario at comparatively low-cost. Get Full Access of the Report @ https://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10764033 Based on region, North America is estimated to be the largest market for target drones in 2016. The U.S. is the only country converting old fighter aircraft into aerial targets to help in simulating real-time threat scenarios for military anti-aircraft and missile testing training exercises. The U.S. Air Force is planning to convert a total of 126 units of F-16 into QF-16 target drones. The U.S. is a major procurer of sub-scaled aerial targets. Kratos’ unmanned combat aerial target vehicles business is anticipated double in next two year, based on the contracts awarded to the company by the U.S. Air Force. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsTarget Drones Market, Technology Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Expected Growth In Stevia Rebaudiana Market from 2017-2022 to Guide : Trends, Analysis by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application Next PostNext Clipper Realty Inc. Completes Acquisition of Residential Property at 107 Columbia Heights in Brooklyn Search Recent Posts After the lecture: Physicist Anthony Leggett Westernmost, low-lying region of Louisiana coast on track to drown under sea level rise Women’s History Month and one woman’s trek in science 8 ways the National Science Foundation supports our troops Boom times for fish populations in Wisconsin lakes RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 25 mins S&P 500 2,394.44 -5.19 (-0.22%) Dow 30 20,919.42 -23.69 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,115.96 -13.18 (-0.22%) UPDATE 1-Delta delays taking delivery of 10 A350 jets Reuters May 11, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share (Corrects headline and paragraph 1 to clarify that Delta has delayed taking delivery of "10" wide-body A350 Airbus jets) May 11 (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc said on Thursday it was delaying taking delivery of 10 wide-body A350-900 jets made by Airbus SE, putting a question mark over their demand, even as the no. 2 U.S. airline placed a fresh order for 30 smaller A321-200s. Delta's decision comes weeks after larger U.S. rival American Airlines Group Inc said in April that it had also deferred delivery of several wide-body Boeing Co and Airbus jets. An oversupply in the market of long-distance wide-body aircraft has led to deliveries being postponed. Delta said it would delay deliveries of 10 of the 25 A350-900 aircraft by about two to three years. The aircraft are to be delivered by 2019-20. However AerCap Holdings NV, the world's largest independent aircraft leasing company, on Wednesday played down concerns about weakening demand for wide-body jets, saying there was still "good solid demand" for the aircraft globally. Delta said on Thursday delivery schedule for its A350-900 aircraft was in place, and it plans to operate its first A350 flight in the fourth quarter of 2017. The company plans to take delivery of five A350s in 2017. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Delta Air Lines Increasing Airbus A321-200 Order The Street Passengers Get Into Fistfight Aboard Southwest Airlines Flight International Business Times U.S. likely to expand airline laptop ban to Europe: government officials Reuters Here’s how many bags airlines lost last year (it’s not AS bad as we thought) Hello Giggles America's Highest-Paid CEO Took Home $237 Million in 2016 Money Top Democratic senator: I've read Rod Rosenstein's memo on Comey 3 times, and each time it gets worse Business Insider Trump gets 2 ice cream scoops at White House dinners — everyone else gets 1 Business Insider What to Watch in the Markets Friday, May 12 Yahoo Finance Video Stocks trim losses as retail tumbles Yahoo Finance Aetna drops last 2 state markets under Affordable Care Act Associated Press Millions of Americans are expected to get stranded on the road this summer — here's why Business Insider Rep. Maxine Waters' confusing interview on James Comey's firing throws MSNBC host for a loop Business Insider Pogue's rant: No, VR films won't replace regular movies Yahoo Finance Video How Gogo will transform your Wi-Fi experience in the sky Yahoo Finance Student Loans Just Got More Expensive Bloomberg The Washington Post issued a strange correction about Spicer hiding in the White House bushes Business Insider How Popular is Trump? Latest Approval Rating Plummets as White Supporters Flee Sharon: I already can see that all his sycophants will be screaming fake news. Nobody speaks the truth about trump except Fox and Breitbart. They just cannot believe that people actually do believe that this man is truly a disgusting human being. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.4k
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by mangesh kanase Thermal Dilatometers Market Trends, Cost Structure Analysis, Growth Opportunities and Forecast to 2022 Thermal Dilatometers Market delivers detailed analysis on the main challenges and growth prospects in the Thermal Dilatometers Industry. This Thermal Dilatometers Market study is anticipated to help the new and existing key players in the Thermal Dilatometers Market that will help in making current business decisions as well as to sustain in the severe competition of the Thermal Dilatometers Market. The report also focuses on the main product portfolios, geographical segments, applications, and the competitive analysis of the Thermal Dilatometers Market that are stated. Ask Sample PDF @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10540560 Thermal Dilatometers Market Regions includes North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia, India. Thermal Dilatometers Market majorly assists by providing brief insight into innovations, opportunities and new improvements in the Thermal Dilatometers Market and its interconnected industries. There is a regional as well as a global study of fundamental trends and dynamics of Thermal Dilatometers Market for the given forecast period. Among the many aspects covered, this report will give well describes understanding of business strategies, latest and upcoming developments, market study, competitive players. Top Manufacturers of Thermal Dilatometers Market are: Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman, CAE, Thales, FlightSafety, CSTS Dinamika, Kratos, L-3 Communications For More Enquiry, Ask Experts @ https://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10540560 Thermal Dilatometers Market report provides pin-point analysis for changing competitive dynamics It provides a forward-looking perspective on distinct driving factors and restraints factors Thermal Dilatometers Market growth. It provides a forecast assessed based on how the Thermal Dilatometers Industry is predicted to grow It helps in understanding the key product segments and their future. The pin point analysis of changing competition dynamics in Thermal Dilatometers Market and keeps you ahead of competitors which helps in making informed business decisions by having complete insights of Thermal Dilatometers Market and by making in-depth analysis of Thermal Dilatometers Industry segments. Major Topics Covered in Thermal Dilatometers Market Research Report including Forecast from 2017-2021, Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers, Thermal Dilatometers Market Analysis by Application & Type, Volume, Value and Price Analysis with respect to Countries, Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders, Thermal Dilatometers Industry Effect Factors Analysis. Thermal Dilatometers Market Effect Factors Analysis: Thermal Dilatometers Market Technology Progress/Risk, Technology Progress in Related Industry, Thermal Dilatometers Market Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change, Economic/Political Environmental Change. Major TOC highlights of Thermal Dilatometers Market: Industry Chain Information of Thermal Dilatometers Industry, Shipment, ASP, Gross and Revenue Analysis of Thermal Dilatometers Market, Application Market Analysis of Thermal Dilatometers Market, Main Regions Analysis of Thermal Dilatometers Industry, Shipment, ASP, Gross and Revenue Analysis of Thermal Dilatometers Market by Manufacturers. CategoriesGoogle News, Satellite, satPRnews TagsThermal Dilatometers Industry, Thermal Dilatometers Industry forecast, Thermal Dilatometers Industry growth, Thermal Dilatometers Industry shares, Thermal Dilatometers Industry Size, Thermal Dilatometers Market, Thermal Dilatometers Market Analysis, Thermal Dilatometers Market Growth, Thermal Dilatometers market key players, Thermal Dilatometers Market Shares, Thermal Dilatometers Market Size, Thermal Dilatometers Market Trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Air Jacketed Co2 Incubators Market Forecast including Growth Factors, Types and Application by Regional Geography 2017 Next PostNext Automotive Spherical Roller Bearing Market Segmentation and Analysis by Recent Trends, Development and Growth by Trending Regions 2017 Search Recent Posts Orange County Training Launches DWI-Ignition Interlock Enforcement Initiative Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market 2017-2021: Segmentation and Forecasts by Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global commercial aircraft health monitoring systems (AHMS) market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global commercial aircraft health monitoring systems (AHMS) market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 11, 2017 02:23 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global commercial aircraft health monitoring systems (AHMS) market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 7% during the forecast period. This research report titled ‘Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market 2017-2021’ provides an in-depth analysis of the market in terms of revenue and emerging market trends. This report also includes an up to date analysis and forecasts for various market segments and all geographical regions. According to Avimanyu Basu, a lead analyst at Technavio for maintenance repair and overhaul (MRO) research, “AHMS helps in reduction of aircraft delays, cancellations, diversions, and turnbacks. Thus, airline operators and MRO providers are focusing on the integration of AHMS with commercial aircraft, thereby reducing the operational costs of an aircraft, which augurs well for the growth of this market.” This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing Buy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free. The market research analysis categorizes the global commercial AHMS market into four major segments based on aircraft type. They are: Wide-body aircraft Narrow-body aircraft Regional jets Turboprops The top three aircraft type segments for the global commercial AHMS market are: Global commercial wide-body aircraft health monitoring systems market The global count of wide-body aircraft in 2016 was more than 5,000, which will eventually be replaced by over 9,000 new planes by 2035. Boeing and Airbus, combined, have orders of more than 10,000 wide-body aircraft that are due for delivery in the next two decades. Such aircraft are mostly in service in regions such as the Americas, Europe, and the Middle East, which have triggered a high demand for long-haul travel with airlines such as Emirates, Etihad, and British Airways. Increasing air traffic and growing aircraft orders in APAC, the Middle East, and Latin America are primary reasons that will drive the market. The growing demand of these aircraft will also boost the global commercial wide-body aircraft health monitoring systems market during the forecast period. Global commercial narrow-body aircraft health monitoring systems market In 2016, there were approximately 15,000 narrow-body or single-aisle aircraft in service globally, which will be replaced by over 28,000 new planes by 2035. Such aircraft are mostly in service in regions such as Asia, Europe, and the Americas, where there is a high demand for short-haul travel. An increase in demand for low-cost carriers has been illustrated by the emergence and growth of airlines, such as Air Asia, Tigerair, Lion Air, and Jetstar Airways. “The growing demand for such aircraft is expected to drive the global commercial narrow-body aircraft health monitoring systems market during the forecast period,” says Avimanyu. Global commercial turboprops health monitoring systems market The regional jet service has grown to be the backbone of domestic air travel over the past decade. In 2016, there were close to 2,600 regional jets across the globe. Moreover, according to the Regional Airline Association, the number of small jets has doubled and the average flight distance has also increased by 50% over the last decade. The growing number of such planes is expected to propel the global commercial turboprops health monitoring systems market during the forecast period. Global commercial regional jets health monitoring systems Turbine engines form an essential component of turboprop aircraft that are equipped with a propeller on the outside of the plane. These engines are safer and more reliable than piston engines, which are typically found in smaller aircraft or regional jets. In 2016, there were over 35,000 such aircraft, and it is anticipated that the number would significantly grow, thereby, driving the market during the forecast period. The top vendors highlighted by Technavio’s market research analysts in this report are: Airbus Boeing GE Aviation Rockwell Collins UTC Browse Related Reports: Global Commercial and Military Aircraft MRO Market 2017-2021 Global Aircraft Line Maintenance Market 2016-2020 Global Commercial Aircraft MRO Market 2016-2020 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like defense, aerospace, and space. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global commercial aircraft health monitoring systems (AHMS) market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 7%. #Hashtags #Technavio #MRO #Research #AHMS Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 25 mins S&P 500 2,394.44 -5.19 (-0.22%) Dow 30 20,919.42 -23.69 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,115.96 -13.18 (-0.22%) Delta delays taking delivery of 10 A350 jets Reuters May 11, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share FILE PHOTO: Delta planes line up at their gates while on the tarmac of Salt Lake City International Airport in Utah September 28, 2013. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File PhotoMore (Reuters) - Delta Air Lines Inc <DAL.N> said on Thursday it was delaying taking delivery of 10 Airbus A350-900 jets and placed a fresh order for 30 smaller A321-200s, putting a question mark on the demand for wide-body aircraft. Airbus shares were down 2.1 percent at 73.64 euros in Paris, while Delta fell 1.7 percent to $49.07 on the New York Stock Exchange. Delta's decision comes after larger U.S. rival American Airlines Group Inc <AAL.O> said in April that it had also delayed taking delivery of several wide-body Boeing Co <BA.N> and Airbus jets. An oversupply in the market of long-distance wide-body aircraft has led to airlines postponing deliveries. Delta said it would delay taking deliveries of 10 of the 25 A350-900 aircraft by about two to three years. The aircraft were to be delivered by 2019-20. "These agreements better align our widebody and narrowbody order books with our fleet replacement needs," Delta's Chief Operating Officer Gil West said in a statement. AerCap Holdings NV <AER.N>, the world's largest independent aircraft leasing company, on Wednesday played down concerns about weakening demand for wide-body jets, saying there was "good solid demand" for the aircraft globally. Delta said on Thursday delivery schedule for its first A350-900 aircraft was on track, and plans to operate the first flight in the fourth quarter of 2017. The company plans to take delivery of five A350s in 2017. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Delta Air Lines Increasing Airbus A321-200 Order The Street Passengers Get Into Fistfight Aboard Southwest Airlines Flight International Business Times U.S. likely to expand airline laptop ban to Europe: government officials Reuters Here’s how many bags airlines lost last year (it’s not AS bad as we thought) Hello Giggles America's Highest-Paid CEO Took Home $237 Million in 2016 Money Top Democratic senator: I've read Rod Rosenstein's memo on Comey 3 times, and each time it gets worse Business Insider Trump gets 2 ice cream scoops at White House dinners — everyone else gets 1 Business Insider Boeing stops 737 MAX tests days before delivery after engine issue International Business Times What to Watch in the Markets Friday, May 12 Yahoo Finance Video Stocks trim losses as retail tumbles Yahoo Finance Aetna drops last 2 state markets under Affordable Care Act Associated Press Millions of Americans are expected to get stranded on the road this summer — here's why Business Insider Rep. Maxine Waters' confusing interview on James Comey's firing throws MSNBC host for a loop Business Insider Verizon wins bidding war to acquire Straight Path for more than $3 billion CNBC.com Pogue's rant: No, VR films won't replace regular movies Yahoo Finance Video How Gogo will transform your Wi-Fi experience in the sky Yahoo Finance How Popular is Trump? Latest Approval Rating Plummets as White Supporters Flee Sharon: I already can see that all his sycophants will be screaming fake news. Nobody speaks the truth about trump except Fox and Breitbart. They just cannot believe that people actually do believe that this man is truly a disgusting human being. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.4k
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market 2017-2021: Segmentation and Forecasts by Technavio LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global commercial aircraft health monitoring systems (AHMS) market is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 7% during the forecast period. This research report titled ‘Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems Market 2017-2021’ provides an in-depth analysis of the market in terms of revenue and emerging market trends. This report also includes an up to date analysis and forecasts for various market segments and all geographical regions. According to Avimanyu Basu, a lead analyst at Technavio for maintenance repair and overhaul (MRO) research, “AHMS helps in reduction of aircraft delays, cancellations, diversions, and turnbacks. Thus, airline operators and MRO providers are focusing on the integration of AHMS with commercial aircraft, thereby reducing the operational costs of an aircraft, which augurs well for the growth of this market.” This report is available at a USD 1,000 discount for a limited time only: View market snapshot before purchasing Buy 1 Technavio report and get the second for 50% off. Buy 2 Technavio reports and get the third for free. The market research analysis categorizes the global commercial AHMS market into four major segments based on aircraft type. They are: Wide-body aircraft Narrow-body aircraft Regional jets Turboprops The top three aircraft type segments for the global commercial AHMS market are: Global commercial wide-body aircraft health monitoring systems market The global count of wide-body aircraft in 2016 was more than 5,000, which will eventually be replaced by over 9,000 new planes by 2035. Boeing and Airbus, combined, have orders of more than 10,000 wide-body aircraft that are due for delivery in the next two decades. Such aircraft are mostly in service in regions such as the Americas, Europe, and the Middle East, which have triggered a high demand for long-haul travel with airlines such as Emirates, Etihad, and British Airways. Increasing air traffic and growing aircraft orders in APAC, the Middle East, and Latin America are primary reasons that will drive the market. The growing demand of these aircraft will also boost the global commercial wide-body aircraft health monitoring systems market during the forecast period. Global commercial narrow-body aircraft health monitoring systems market In 2016, there were approximately 15,000 narrow-body or single-aisle aircraft in service globally, which will be replaced by over 28,000 new planes by 2035. Such aircraft are mostly in service in regions such as Asia, Europe, and the Americas, where there is a high demand for short-haul travel. An increase in demand for low-cost carriers has been illustrated by the emergence and growth of airlines, such as Air Asia, Tigerair, Lion Air, and Jetstar Airways. “The growing demand for such aircraft is expected to drive the global commercial narrow-body aircraft health monitoring systems market during the forecast period,” says Avimanyu. Global commercial turboprops health monitoring systems market The regional jet service has grown to be the backbone of domestic air travel over the past decade. In 2016, there were close to 2,600 regional jets across the globe. Moreover, according to the Regional Airline Association, the number of small jets has doubled and the average flight distance has also increased by 50% over the last decade. The growing number of such planes is expected to propel the global commercial turboprops health monitoring systems market during the forecast period. Global commercial regional jets health monitoring systems Turbine engines form an essential component of turboprop aircraft that are equipped with a propeller on the outside of the plane. These engines are safer and more reliable than piston engines, which are typically found in smaller aircraft or regional jets. In 2016, there were over 35,000 such aircraft, and it is anticipated that the number would significantly grow, thereby, driving the market during the forecast period. The top vendors highlighted by Technavio’s market research analysts in this report are: Airbus Boeing GE Aviation Rockwell Collins UTC Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like defense, aerospace, and space. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Quartz Crystal Resonator Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Next PostNext Biscresol fluorene (BCF) (CAS 88938-12-9) Industry Forecast to 2022 with Global Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure Search Recent Posts Vincit Group Oyj: Vincit Group Oyj voitti Suomen riistakeskuksen tarjouskilpailun – sopimuksen arvo 1,5 – 2,0 miljoonaa euroa neljän vuoden aikana Outotec Oyj: Johtohenkilöiden liiketoimet – Kimmo Kontola Outotec Oyj: Management transactions – Kimmo Kontola CORRECTION: Data on OMX Baltic Benchmark Fund issued shares as of May 11, 2017 CORRECTION: OMX Baltic Benchmark Fund 2017 m. gegužės 11 d. duomenys apie išleistas akcijas RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Spaceflight Odd Timing Brings Three New Space Station Fliers Together By Sarah Lewin, Staff Writer | May 11, 2017 02:41pm ET MORE NASA astronaut Joe Acaba (left), Russian cosmonaut Alexander Misurkin and NASA astronaut Mark Vande Hei will fly to the International Space Station Sept. 13 – Feb. 23. Credit: NASA/Twitter Some got off easy, while others have been waiting a long time — the three space travelers gearing up for a September launch to the International Space Station went through very different training experiences before coming together as a team. In fact, only first-time NASA flier Mark Vande Hei had the traditional training period for this mission. He's a retired U.S. Army colonel and worked in Mission Control at Johnson Space Center before (and after) undergoing training in the astronaut class of 2009. He had the ordinary 18-24-month training process for the Sept. 13 launch.  Fellow NASA astronaut Joe Acaba, who's flown one short-duration and one long-duration flight before this, will have only six months of training; he's already been through three of them. [Life in Space: An Astronaut's Video Guide to Orbital Living] Acaba's ride to the space station comes from a contract NASA signed in March with Boeing, which had acquired seats on Russia's Soyuz spacecraft through a deal with the Russian space agency, Roscosmos. "I got pretty lucky with a six-month training program," Abaca said during a news briefing yesterday (May 10). He added that NASA and its international partners got together to choose the most important things to include in his training in the limited time available. Russian cosmonaut Alexander Misurkin, on the other hand, was originally scheduled to fly in March, but was moved later after Russia decided to switch from three to two cosmonauts on the station. Misurkin, who is on his second long-duration spaceflight, is slated to command the Soyuz capsule bringing the trio up in September. "I knew that for Mark and for Joe, now, it's been a pretty tough schedule, and they are very, very busy," Misurkin said during the briefing. "But for me, it's like … you have a distance, you know where is your final line, you start to run, run, run, and [then they say] you know what? We've decided to add some more." Misurkin said he's looking forward to finally getting to fly, and to working with Acaba and Vande Hei. For now, the three are training together for the Sept. 13 launch, when they will join Expedition 53 on the station. They will remain in space until Feb. 23, during Expedition 54. "During that time, the primary objective for us is doing lots of science, both to help further NASA's exploration goals and to serve the needs of the country now, to help people on the ground as a national laboratory," Vande Hei said. "We're going to have several visiting vehicles … there's a possibility of an EVA [spacewalk], but really, because we're going to be up there so long, we're just ready for whatever the planners give us."  Indeed, flexibility is crucial for long-duration flights — as well as for training processes that range from a couple years to a couple months, as the space fliers said. "It's always good to go back," Acaba said. "What's really interesting about the long-duration flights is you don't know what's going to happen every day. Every day's a challenge, [and] you don't know what's going to break, so I'm looking forward to seeing what the next increment brings up." Email Sarah Lewin at slewin@space.com or follow her @SarahExplains. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.  Editor's Recommendations Earth's Beauty from Space Dazzles in Astronaut Video Aquanautics: Why Astronauts Train Underwater | Video Next Space Station Crew Faces Out-of-This-World Final Exams Author Bio Sarah Lewin, Staff Writer Sarah started writing for Space.com in June of 2015. Her work has been featured by Scientific American, IEEE Spectrum, Quanta Magazine, Wired, The Scientist, Science Friday and WGBH's Inside NOVA. Sarah has an MA from NYU's Science, Health and Environmental Reporting Program and an AB in mathematics from Brown University. When not writing, reading or thinking about space, Sarah enjoys musical theatre and mathematical papercraft. You can follow her on Twitter @SarahExplains. Sarah Lewin, Staff Writer on Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular Test Tank for NASA Heavy-Lift Rocket Damaged in Louisiana SpaceX Test-Fires Falcon 9 Rocket Ahead of Monday Launch (Photo) Watch Live Tomorrow: Astronauts Take 200th Spacewalk at International Space Station Dark Matter Probe on Space Station to Be Revitalized Syfy Announces New Shows, Debuts a New Look HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Acting FBI director says will carry on Russian probe 2017-05-11 16:15:55 GMT2017-05-12 00:15:55(Beijing Time) Xinhua English WASHINGTON, May 11 (Xinhua) -- Acting Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation Andrew McCabe said ongoing investigation into alleged links between White House staff and Russia will continue, U.S. media reported Thursday. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
the economist Topics down icon Sections Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps Blogs Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explainsPrint edition More down icon Apps & Digital Editions The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Other Publications 1843 Magazine The World In The World If Media Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio From The Economist Group Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist Store Subscribe user iconLog in or registerManage subscription down icon Log in New to The Economist? Register now Activate your digital subscription Manage your subscription Renew your subscription magnifier iconSearch hamburger icon close icon Topics up icon Latest updates Leaders United States The Americas Asia China Middle East and Africa Europe Britain International Business Finance and economics Science and technology Books and arts Obituaries Debates Blogs up icon Bagehot’s notebook Buttonwood’s notebook Democracy in America Erasmus Free exchange Game theory Graphic detail Gulliver Kaffeeklatsch Prospero Speakers’ Corner The Economist explains Print Edition Audio edition Economist Films Economist Radio The Economist apps More up icon The Economist apps Espresso Global Business Review World in Figures Events Jobs Board Which MBA Executive Education Navigator Online GMAT prep Online GRE prep Learning.ly The Economist StoreSubscribe Silicon Valley NorthHow America’s two tech hubs are converging More than ever, Seattle and Silicon Valley are joined at the hip print-edition icon Print edition | BusinessMay 11th 2017 | SEATTLE twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon WOULD your region care to be the next Silicon Valley? In most of the world’s technology hubs, local leaders scramble to say “yes”. But ask the question in and around Seattle, the other big tech cluster on America’s west coast, and more often than not the answer is “no”—followed by explanations of why the city and its surrounds are different from the San Francisco Bay Area. The truth may be more complex: in recent years the Seattle area has become a complement to the valley. Some even argue that the two regions, though 800 miles (1,300km) apart, are becoming one. They have similar roots, notes Margaret O’Mara, a historian at the University of Washington (UW). Each grew rapidly during a gold rush in the 19th century. Later both benefited from military spending. Silicon Valley ultimately focused on producing small things, including microprocessors, and Seattle on bigger ones, such as aeroplanes (Boeing was for decades the city’s economic anchor). This difference in dimension persists. The valley has plenty of giant firms, but its focus is mainly on startups and smartphones. In contrast, Seattle is still more of a company town, with Amazon and Microsoft, both builders of big data centres, looming large. Latest updates The importance of the Venice Biennale The Economist explains43 minutes ago Theresa May has older voters to thank for her mammoth polling lead Graphic detail10 hours ago With a new museum complex, Doha reflects on its past and present Prospero16 hours ago Unpicking the Corbynist manifesto Bagehot's notebook17 hours ago On China, commodities, credit and complacency Buttonwood’s notebook20 hours ago A draft of Labour’s manifesto confirms the party’s leftward shift Britain20 hours ago See all updates That, and the fact that Seattle and its suburbs are less than a fifth the size of Silicon Valley, has created a different business culture. In Seattle, for example, job-hopping is less common, as is swapping full-time employment for the uncertain life of an entrepreneur. Seattle has spawned firms such as Avvo, an online marketplace for legal services, and Zillow, a real-estate site, but the startup scene is underdeveloped. UW is a good gauge: it now has one of America’s best computer-science departments but produces nowhere near as many new firms as Stanford University. Local politics differ, too. Seattleites don’t want their city to become like San Francisco, which is dominated by affluent, techie types. Their city council has just approved a new programme requiring property developers to include cheap units in their projects or to pay a fee. The aim is to ensure that Seattle remains America’s second-most economically integrated city (as defined by RedFin, a data provider). San Francisco ranks 14th. “In the playground parents don’t just talk about the next big thing,” says Ed Lazowska, a professor of computer science at UW. That is one reason, besides nature’s attractions, cheaper housing and no state income tax, why exhausted Valleyites flock north. “You get better quality of life for half the cost,” says Simon Crosby, co-founder of Bromium, a computer-security firm, who has made the move from California. Bromium is based in Cupertino, also the home of Apple, and he regularly takes the “nerd bird”, as flights between the two tech clusters are called (they are full of geeks who live in Seattle and work in the valley). Venture capitalists often make the two-hour commute, too. Most money invested in Seattle startups comes from California; the north-western city only has a handful of VC firms, such as Ignition Partners and the Madrona Venture Group. Another link between the two cities is cloud computing. Most startups in and around San Francisco run their business on Amazon Web Services, the e-commerce giant’s cloud-computing platform. Its momentum is such that some in Silicon Valley have started to fret that it will one day become as dominant as Windows, the operating system made by Microsoft, once was. For now it is Seattle that is more worried about being dominated by its neighbour to the south. The city hosts nearly 90 engineering offices that firms have opened to find new talent to hire. A third have a Californian parent. John Cook, who co-founded GeekWire, which covers the local tech industry, argued recently that, although the new offices add to Seattle’s tech scene, they had taken “a lot of oxygen” out of the startup ecosystem by hoovering up highly qualified staff. That triggered a debate about the disadvantages of outside investment. Other effects of tech migration are equally contentious: home values have increased by a tenth in the past 12 months, according to Zillow. Complaints about being overrun by Californians have a long tradition in Seattle, but the risk that the area becomes a Silicon Valley overflow zone preoccupies many. “We have to choose to remain different,” says Tren Griffin, a Microsoft veteran. Chris DeVore, an angel investor who runs the Seattle branch of Techstars, a chain of accelerators, says more needs to be done to grow local startups. “Microsoft and Amazon were a bit of an accident,” he says. Regardless, Seattle and Silicon Valley are now joined at the hip. The best approach is to make that connection as efficient as possible, says Rich Barton, a serial entrepreneur. He not only started Zillow and Expedia, a giant online travel site, among other Seattle firms, but is a partner at Benchmark, a leading VC firm in the valley. Rather than relying on flights, which are often delayed or cancelled due to bad weather, he says, someone should build a high-speed rail line. Together, he quips, that old west-coast dream, popular again after the election of Donald Trump, would be within reach: “We could form our own country and secede.” This article appeared in the Business section of the print edition under the headline "Silicon Valley North" twitter icon facebook icon linkedin icon mail icon print icon View comments Reuse this content Editors’ picks Courting troubleWhy Trumponomics won’t make America great again The impulsiveness and shallowness of America’s president threaten the economy as well as the rule of law Leaders The chosen oneFrance’s new president promises openness and reform from the centreLeaders Missed connectionThe super-connector airlines face a world of troublesBusiness and finance The Economist explainsThe importance of the Venice BiennaleThe Economist explains Tell us what you think of Economist.com Leave feedback Need assistance with your subscription? Contact us Subscribe Contact us Help Keep updated facebook icon twitter icon googleplus icon linkedin icon tumblr icon instagram icon youtube icon rss icon mail iconSubscribe to The Economist newsletters Advertise Reprints Careers Media Centre Site Map Published since September 1843 to take part in “a severe contest between intelligence, which presses forward, and an unworthy, timid ignorance obstructing our progress.” Terms of Use Privacy Cookies Accessibility Modern Slavery Statement Copyright © The Economist Newspaper Limited 2017. All rights reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video CFM says Boeing has engines for 737 MAX that are cleared to fly Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Market News | Thu May 11, 2017 | 1:00pm EDT CFM says Boeing has engines for 737 MAX that are cleared to fly SEATTLE May 11 Aircraft engine maker CFM International said on Thursday that Boeing Co has engines in stock for its grounded 737 MAX that are cleared to fly. The engines could be installed in short order to allow Boeing to meet its schedule for delivering the first 737 MAX aircraft this month, CFM spokeswoman Jamie Jewell told Reuters. Boeing said on Wednesday it had suspended flights of the new jet due to a quality issue with some engines made by CFM, a joint venture between General Electric Co and Safran SA of France. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Market News BRIEF-Ithaca Energy announces Delek takeover for cash consideration of C$1.95/share * Ithaca Energy Inc announces Delek takeover -- compulsory shares acquisition Poland - Factors to Watch May 12 Following are news stories, press reports and events to watch that may affect Poland's financial markets on Friday. ALL TIMES GMT (Poland: GMT + 2 hours): German economy grew by 0.6 pct in first quarter of 2017 BERLIN, May 12 The German economy grew by 0.6 percent in the first quarter of 2017, driven by higher investment in construction, machinery and equipment, robust household and state spending as well as strong exports, the Federal Statistics Office said on Friday. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Scoot unveils latest Dreamliner for long-haul flights Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Scoot unveils latest Dreamliner for long-haul flights Advertisement Singapore Scoot unveils latest Dreamliner for long-haul flights Scoot CEO Lee Lik Hsin with cabin crew in front of the airline's new Dreamliner 787-8 in Seattle. (Photo: Olivia Siong) By Olivia Siong @OliviaSiongCNA 12 May 2017 01:00AM (Updated: 12 May 2017 10:14AM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail SEATTLE, United States: Singapore budget carrier Scoot has received its latest aircraft, a Dreamliner 787-8 which will allow it to start operating flights beyond the region. The plane has been nicknamed “Mous-Scoot-Ka”, after the popular Greek dish Moussaka, to mark the airline’s first long-haul route between Singapore and Athens, which begins next month. Meet Mous-Scoot-ka: Scoot's new plane that'll fly long haul. And yes, its name's a pun. Hint: they'll fly to Athens https://t.co/uLtWqzEmxj pic.twitter.com/DbRL4cKjRD— Olivia Siong (@OliviaSiongCNA) May 11, 2017 Another long-haul destination is set to be announced later this year. Was at @Boeing to see how Scoot's new #Dreamliner aircraft is being built, allows them to run long haul flights ✈️ https://t.co/uLtWqzEmxj pic.twitter.com/tDl5thheF9— Olivia Siong (@OliviaSiongCNA) May 11, 2017 Advertisement Advertisement The new plane was handed over to Scoot by American aircraft manufacturer Boeing with a ribbon-cutting ceremony at its Everett Delivery Centre in Seattle on Thursday morning (May 11) US time. Scoot takes delivery of its new #Dreamliner from @Boeing in Seattle. Plane comes fit with crew rest bunks https://t.co/uLtWqzEmxj pic.twitter.com/aZITYCzeka— Olivia Siong (@OliviaSiongCNA) May 11, 2017 It will be flown back non-stop to Changi Airport, with media and other Scoot representatives on board.  The aircraft is the 14th in Scoot’s all-Dreamliner fleet, but the new plane comes with an added feature - overhead crew rest areas with six bunks, to ensure that cabin crew get their mandatory rest during long-haul flights.  Overhead crew bunks on Scoot's new aircraft. There are 2 areas - one for the pilots and the other for cabin crew https://t.co/Q9tosbAl5N pic.twitter.com/Eipz4yFrUU— Olivia Siong (@OliviaSiongCNA) May 12, 2017 Such routes are usually served by a team of up to 11 cabin crew, compared to a crew of eight for shorter-haul flights within the region. However the crew bunks mean that the aircraft will not be able to take as many passengers. It can accommodate up to 329 passengers, with 18 in the ScootBiz section, compared to 335 guests with 21 ScootBiz seats in the same model of aircraft without crew bunks.  Scoot CEO Lee Lik Hsin earlier told Channel NewsAsia that the airline intends to operate at least three to four long-haul routes in the next two or three years, with Europe and Honolulu being destinations it is considering.  “Scoot and our sister airline Tigerair currently have (a) strong presence in the Asia Pacific with a network of 59 cities and 16 countries,” said Mr Lee. “Our extensive footprint in the region provides us with a good base of connecting traffic to support our long-haul services.” Last November, it was announced that Tigerair will operate under the Scoot brand name, with integration expected to be complete by the second half of this year. Source: CNA/nc Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
About Us Our Vision & Mission Privacy Policy Contact Us The Citizen Latest News Updates Home Business Company Review Financial Crimes Governance Headlines Opinion Public Affairs APO Emirates Group announces 2016/17 results as workforce surpasses 105,000 May 11, 2017 0 Emirates today announced its 29th consecutive year of profit and steady business expansion, despite a turbulent year for aviation and travel. Released today in its 2016-17 Annual Report, the Emirates Group posted an AED 2.5 billion (US$ 670 million) profit for the financial year ending 31 March 2017, down 70% from last year’s record profit. The Group’s revenue reached AED 94.7 billion (US$ 25.8 billion), an increase of 2% over last year’s results, and the Group’s cash balance decreased by 19% to AED 19.1 billion (US$ 5.2 billion) mainly due to the repayment of two bonds on maturity and ongoing high investments into its fleet and aircraft related assets. In line with the current business climate and to support the future investment plans of the Group, no dividend payment will be made to the Investment Corporation of Dubai (ICD) for 2016-17. His Highness (H.H.) Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum, Chairman and Chief Executive, Emirates Airline and Group, said: “Emirates and dnata have continued to deliver profits and grow the business, despite 2016-17 having been one of our most challenging years to date. “Over the years, we have invested to build our business capabilities and brand reputation. We now reap the benefits as these strong foundations have helped us to weather the destabilising events which have impacted travel demand during the year – from the Brexit vote to Europe’s immigration challenges and terror attacks, from the new policies impacting air travel into the US, to currency devaluation and funds repatriation issues in parts of Africa, and the continued knock-on effect of a sluggish oil and gas industry on business confidence and travel demand.” In 2016-17, the Group collectively invested AED 13.7 billion (US$ 3.7 billion) in new aircraft and equipment, the acquisition of companies, modern facilities, the latest technologies, and staff initiatives. Sheikh Ahmed said: “These investments will further strengthen our resilience, even as we extend our competitive edge, and adapt our businesses to the volatile business climate and fast changing consumer expectations. “We remain optimistic for the future of our industry, although we expect the year ahead to remain challenging with hyper competition squeezing airline yields, and volatility in many markets impacting travel flows and demand. “Emirates and dnata will stay attuned to the events and trends that impact our business, so that we can respond quickly to opportunities and challenges. We will also progress on our digital transformation journey. We are redesigning every aspect of how we do business, powered by an entirely new suite of technologies. Our aim is to deliver more personalised customer experiences, and seamless customer journeys, and make our operations and back-office functions even more efficient.” Across its more than 80 subsidiaries and companies, the Group increased its total workforce by 11% to over 105,000-strong, representing over 160 different nationalities. Emirates’ total passenger and cargo capacity crossed the 60 billion mark, to 60.5 billion ATKMs at the end of 2016-17, cementing its position as the world’s largest international carrier. The airline increased capacity during the year by 4.1 billion Available Tonne Kilometres (ATKMs), or 7% over 2015-16. Emirates received 35 new aircraft, its highest number during a financial year, comprising of 19 A380s and 16 Boeing 777-300ERs. At the same time 27 older aircraft were phased out, bringing its total fleet count to 259 at the end of March. This fleet roll-over involving 62 aircraft was the largest programme it has ever managed in a year, and it brought Emirates’ average fleet age down significantly to 63 months, compared with 74 months last year, and the industry average of 140 months. During the year, Emirates launched six new passenger destinations: Fort Lauderdale, Hanoi, Newark, Yangon, Yinchuan and Zhengzhou; and one new additional freighter destination: Phnom Penh. It also added services and capacity to nine cities on its existing route network across Africa, Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and North America, offering customers even greater choice and connectivity. Against significant currency devaluations against the US dollar and fare adjustments due to a highly competitive business environment, Emirates managed to keep its revenue stable at AED 85.1 billion (US$ 23.2 billion). The relentless rise of the US dollar against currencies in most of Emirates’ key markets had an AED 2.1 billion (US$ 572 million) impact on airline revenue, and to the airline’s bottom line. It was the 2nd largest measured in a financial year after last year. Total operating costs increased by 8% over the 2015-16 financial year. The average price of jet fuel fell slightly during the financial year. But due to an 8% higher uplift  in line with capacity increase, the airline’s fuel bill increased by 6% over last year to AED 21.0 billion (US$ 5.7 billion). Fuel is now 25% of operating costs, compared to 26% in 2015-16, but it remained the biggest cost component for the airline.. Overall passenger traffic growth continues to demonstrate the consumer desire to fly on Emirates’ state-of-the-art aircraft, and via efficient routings through its Dubai hub. Emirates carried a record 56.1 million passengers (up 8%), and achieved a Passenger Seat Factor of 75.1%. The decline in passenger seat factor compared to last year’s 76.5%, is relative to the strong 10% increase in seat capacity by Available Seat Kilometres (ASKMs), and also in part due to lingering economic uncertainty and strong competition in many markets. Under pressure from the weakening of all major currencies against the USD, passenger yield dropped to 24.7 fils (6.7 US cents) per Revenue Passenger Kilometre (RPKM). To fund its fleet growth in a year of record aircraft deliveries, Emirates raised AED 29.1 billion (US$ 7.9 billion), using a variety of financing structures. Emirates continued to tap the Japanese market for the Japanese Operating Lease (JOL) structure and Japanese Operating Lease with a Call Option (JOLCO) on both A380-800 and Boeing 777-300ER aircraft, while further accessing a diverse institutional investor and bank market base including Korea, the United Kingdom, Germany and Spain. Further and owing to the suspended Export Credit Agency (ECA) support, Emirates successfully structured an innovative AED 4.4 billion (US$ 1.2 billion) commercial bridge facility with US and Chinese institutions. These deals align with Emirates’ strategy to seek diverse financing sources, and underscore its sound financials and the strong investor confidence in the airline’s business model. Emirates closed the financial year with a healthy AED 15.7 billion (US$ 4.3 billion) of cash assets. Emirates continued to invest in refreshing its product and services in line with changing customer needs. The airline revealed its enhanced A380 Onboard Lounge which will enter service in July 2017, and announced a significant, multi-million dollar deal with Thales to equip its future Boeing 777X fleet with Thales’ AVANT inflight entertainment system. In an airfreight market that remained challenging with fast-changing demand patterns, Emirates’ cargo division reported a revenue of AED 10.6 billion (US$ 2.9 billion), a decline of 5% over last year, while tonnage carried slightly increased by 3% to reach 2.6 million tonnes. Emirates’ hotels recorded revenue of AED 738 million (US$ 201 million), an increase of 5% over last year in a highly competitive market mainly in the UAE. In its 58 years of operation, 2016-17 has been dnata’s most profitable yet, crossing AED 1.2 billion (US$ 330 million) profit for the first time. Building on its strong results in the previous year, dnata’s revenue grew to AED 12.2 billion (US$ 3.3 billion), up 15%. dnata’s international business now accounts for 66% of its revenue. In line with revenue growth, the number of aircraft handled by dnata in the UAE increased 2% to 216,000, and Cargo handling by 4% to 714,000 tonnes showing a first turnaround sign of the cargo industry’s ongoing malaise. 2017-05-11 The Citizen tweet Previous: INEC Chairman promises better polls than 2015 Next: National Assembly releases breakdown of legislature budget Related Articles No Nigerian bank is in distress, says NDIC May 12, 2017 Vehicle imports drop by 90% in Q1 2017 – Toyota May 12, 2017 Eliminate restricted items list to achieve unified forex rate – Soludo advises CBN May 11, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. State of the States Lagos launches free public Wi-Fi May 12, 2017 Kwara governor appoints transition committee members for LG councils May 12, 2017 Enugu govt moves to revive Hotel Presidential May 12, 2017 Ambode orders VIOs to leave Lagos roads May 9, 2017 Enugu govt commences training of traffic officials May 9, 2017 South-East governors endorse regional economic integration May 8, 2017 We’re committed to federal roads’ repairs despite N25bn debt, says Enugu govt May 7, 2017 Lagos GDP hits $136bn – Ambode May 7, 2017 Kogi govt threatens striking doctors with job losses May 6, 2017 Why I “sleep” at public functions – Gov. Ganduje May 3, 2017 The Citizen Interview Why Executive/Senate face-off persists – Sen. Adeseye Ogunlewe May 7, 2017 Buhari, quit now if your health cannot cope – Gen. Alani Akinrinade (Rtd) April 30, 2017 I prayed to have twins but ended up having quintuplets April 23, 2017 MKO’s close associates were involved in his death – Abiola’s son April 23, 2017 1995 Phantom coup: Some generals wanted to blow up plane carrying Obasanjo, others — Col. Oloruntoba April 16, 2017 Police IG has given Rivers CP mandate to kill me – Gov. Wike April 9, 2017 NNPC commences oil drilling in North by August – Bako April 5, 2017 FG making Nnamdi Kanu hero – Gov. Rochas Okorocha March 26, 2017 Gov. Ugwuanyi has taken Enugu State to next level – Prince Agu March 24, 2017 Obasanjo, the worst example of a military general, says Brigadier-General Ikponmwen March 19, 2017 Editorial Review Transiting from recession to growth – Punch May 12, 2017 Implementation of 2014 Confab resolutions – The Sun May 12, 2017 Unacceptable acts – The Nation May 12, 2017 Illegal arms: Whistle-blowing to the rescue – Punch May 11, 2017 Dangerous delay – The Nation May 11, 2017 Photo News Ag. President Prof. Yemi Osinbajo receives former Vice President, Arc. Namadi Sambo on a courtesy call Wednesday at the State House, Abuja. May 10, 2017 Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State with the state’s Junior Secondary School (JSS) students Queens School, Enugu May 10, 2017 Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State cutting the tape to inaugurate 250 and another 150KVA sound-proof generating sets at the Enugu State High Court Complex. May 10, 2017 Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State and his Sokoto state counterpart, Alhaji Aminu Tambuwal, when the latter visited Government House, Enugu yesterday. May 6, 2017 Gov. Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi of Enugu State (left), receiving the Most Labour-freindly Governor award by the state’s Organized Labour from the state chairman of Nigeria Labour Congress, Comrade Virginus Nwobodo (right), and his Trade Union Congress counterpart, Comrade Igbokwe Chukwuma Igbokwe, during the 2017 Workers’ Day celebration at the Michael Okpara Square, Enugu. May 1, 2017 May 2017 M T W T F S S « Apr     1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Find us on Facebook The Citizen Newsletter To subscribe to newsletter simply add your email below. A confirmation email will be sent to you! Email * Contact Information 25b Ajao Road, Off Adeniyi Jones street, Ikeja, Lagos, Nigeria. +234 810 698 7846; Via Vicoli, Ravenna, Italy. +39 389 180 9204; Email: eikpeama@thecitizenng.com, info@thecitizenng.com Copyright © 2017 - TheCitizen Newspaper. All rights reserved. x Check Also Nigeria to issue new Yellow Card for vaccination The Federal Executive Council, presided over by Acting President  Professor Yemi Osinbajo has approved a ...
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman 2017-2022 Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Market Share, Trends, Opportunities & Forecast “Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Market: Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” PUNE, INDIA, May 11, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Industry Latest Report on Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study In this report, the global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report is segmented into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue (million USD), market share and growth rate of Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast), covering North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1273054-global-global-commercial-aircraft-health-monitoring-systems-ahms-market-research-report Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Airbus Boeing GE Aviation Rockwell Collins UTC Lufthansa Technik Tech Mahindra … On the basis of product, this report displays the production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Hardware Software On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, consumption (sales), market share and growth rate of Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) for each application, including Large Passenger Aircraft Medium-sized Passenger Aircraft Others If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1273054-global-global-commercial-aircraft-health-monitoring-systems-ahms-market-research-report Some Major Points from Table of content: Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Market Research Report 2017 1 Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Market Overview 1.1 Product Overview and Scope of Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) 1.2 Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Segment by Type (Product Category) 1.2.1 Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Production and CAGR (%) Comparison by Type (Product Category) (2012-2022) 1.2.2 Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Production Market Share by Type (Product Category) in 2016 1.2.3 Hardware 1.2.4 Software 1.3 Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Segment by Application 1.3.1 Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Consumption (Sales) Comparison by Application (2012-2022) 1.3.2 Large Passenger Aircraft 1.3.3 Medium-sized Passenger Aircraft 1.3.4 Others 1.4 Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Market by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.1 Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Market Size (Value) and CAGR (%) Comparison by Region (2012-2022) 1.4.2 North America Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.3 Europe Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.4 China Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.5 Japan Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.6 Southeast Asia Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.4.7 India Status and Prospect (2012-2022) 1.5 Global Market Size (Value) of Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) (2012-2022) 1.5.1 Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Revenue Status and Outlook (2012-2022) 1.5.2 Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Capacity, Production Status and Outlook (2012-2022) For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1273054-global-global-commercial-aircraft-health-monitoring-systems-ahms-market-research-report 2 Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Market Competition by Manufacturers 2.1 Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.1 Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Capacity and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.1.2 Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Production and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.2 Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Revenue and Share by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.3 Global Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Average Price by Manufacturers (2012-2017) 2.4 Manufacturers Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area and Product Type 2.5 Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Market Competitive Situation and Trends 2.5.1 Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Market Concentration Rate 2.5.2 Global Commercial Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers 2.5.3 Mergers & Acquisitions, Expansion Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Norah Trent wiseguyreports +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ulmart – el futuro es hoy: la compañía mira al bitcoin Next PostNext Thousands March Across 42nd Street For Freedom To Meditate Search Recent Posts Global and Chinese Motherwort Herb Extract Industry 2017 to 2022 Prometryn Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2022 Global Epoxy Paints and Coatings Market 2016-2021 : By Drivers & Strains, Size and Share, Technology, New Innovations, Future Roadmap Vincit Group Oyj: Vincit Group Oyj voitti Suomen riistakeskuksen tarjouskilpailun – sopimuksen arvo 1,5 – 2,0 miljoonaa euroa neljän vuoden aikana Piperonyl butoxide Market 2022: Projected to exceed Global Market Income, Shares and competitive landscape. RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home About Us Vision & Mission Contact Us   Search Menu POLITICS OIL & GAS BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT WOMEN ENTERTAINMENT YOUTH EDUCATION BOOKS AFRICA Shell Starts Testing Trans-Forcados Pipeline after Repairs Falomo School: Police to Arraign Five Randy Pupils Today Witness Slumps, Dies in Lagos Court Suleman: Court Asks DSS to Apologise to S/South CAN Chairman’s Son over Arrest National Assembly Passes 2017 Budget 155,000 Additional Personnel Required to Adequately Police Nigeria House of Reps Passes 2017 Budget of N7. 44 trillion Buhari's Ill-Health: Fani-Kayode is Beating Drums of War, Says O'Oduwa Group Nigeria to Issue New Yellow Card for Vaccination Biafra: Nnamdi Kanu, IPOB seek justice – Ekwueme Recent Posts Shell Starts Testing Trans-Forcados Pipeline after Repairs Falomo School: Police to Arraign Five Randy Pupils Today Witness Slumps, Dies in Lagos Court Suleman: Court Asks DSS to Apologise to S/South CAN Chairman’s Son over Arrest National Assembly Passes 2017 Budget NNPC Chief Executives Sign Performance Bond with Baru 155,000 Additional Personnel Required to Adequately Police Nigeria Oyeyemi Charges Commanding Officers on Purposeful Leadership Smile Telecoms Appoints Ahmad Farroukh to its Board Ministry Organises Annual Round Table for Indigenous Language Newspapers Digital-skills-for-girls Initiative Sets Stage for Landmark Africa Code Week in 2017 House of Reps Passes 2017 Budget of N7. 44 trillion Popular Posts Ex-minister’s Bank Account Shocks Kidnappers Civil Servant Sentenced to Life Imprisonment for Raping Minor The Many Benefits of Bitter Kola NLNG Cries Out Over Amendment of Act by Reps, says Action Not in Nigeria’s Interest The Many Risks of Slimming Tea Amaechi Loses Appeal against Rivers Judicial Panel of Inquiry The Wonders of Bitter Leaf Ministry Organises Annual Round Table for Indigenous Language Newspapers Former FCT Minister Remanded in Prison Photo News: Rtd Lt. General Alani Akinrinade’s Book Launch in Pictures 155,000 Additional Personnel Required to Adequately Police Nigeria House of Reps Passes 2017 Budget of N7. 44 trillion Shell Starts Testing Trans-Forcados Pipeline after Repairs Bouchard Wants Life Ban for Sharapova RCCG’s Assistant General Overseer Dies Subscribe to our Newsletter × Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 × CategoriesCategories Select Category #Nigeriadecides  (20) #Realnews4thAnniversaryLecture  (9) #Statesdecides  (2) #StopLassaFever  (7) #ZikaVirus  (1) 10th AEC Special Coverage  (9) 2013 Women’s Day  (3) 2015 Election  (9) 6th Tana Forum  (4) Advertisement  (5) AfDB 2016 Special Coverage  (12) AfDB Special Coverage  (7) Africa  (224) Agriculture  (69) Anniversary  (10) Announcement  (1) Aviation  (51) Award  (52) Banking Briefs  (324) Books  (22) BREAKING NEWS  (5,722) Business  (1,680) Business Briefs  (424) Change of Name  (3) Column  (135) Cover  (219) Cover Box  (15) Crime  (174) Defence  (33) Disasters  (3) Editorial  (1) Editorial Suite  (137) Education  (250) Energy Briefs  (355) Entertainment  (97) Entertainment Briefs  (39) Environment  (126) Environment Briefs  (7) Essay  (48) Events  (14) Executive Chat  (1) Featured  (742) Foreign  (93) From the Editor-in-Chief  (1) Global News Update  (1) Guest Writer  (83) Health  (279) Health Briefs  (2) Interview  (31) Judiciary  (359) Lifestyle  (75) Maritime  (3) Media  (201) Media Briefs  (4) Milestone  (451) News People  (55) Oil & Gas  (743) Opinion  (85) Passage  (74) Photo News  (13) Political Briefs  (552) Politics  (2,050) Power  (260) Profile  (1) Prologue  (7) Realnews 2nd Anniversary Lecture  (6) Realnews 3rd Anniversary Lecture  (6) Realnews Advert  (1) Realnews Advert Rates  (1) Rejoinder  (2) Religion  (48) Science & Tech  (22) Security  (488) Social Diary  (31) Special Anniversary Edition  (5) Special Centenary Edition  (4) Special Democracy Edition  (1) Special Features  (2) Special Mandela Edition  (5) Special Report  (9) Speeches  (18) Sports  (175) Sports Briefs  (349) Tana Forum on Security in Africa  (4) Travelogue  (2) Tribute  (40) Vox Pop  (48) Winners & Losers  (4) Women  (135) Youth  (75) Emirates Turnover Hits $25.8bn THE Emirates Group turnover has hit $25.8 billion with a huge workforce of 105,000. Emirates today announced its 29th consecutive year of profit and steady business expansion, despite a turbulent year for aviation and travel. The company’s 2016-17 Annual Report, showed that the Emirates Group posted an AED 2.5 billion (US$ 670 million) profit for the financial year ending 31 March 2017, down 70 percent from last year’s record profit. The group’s revenue reached AED 94.7 billion (US$ 25.8 billion), an increase of 2 percent over last year’s results, and the Group’s cash balance decreased by 19% to AED 19.1 billion (US$ 5.2 billion) mainly due to the repayment of two bonds on maturity and ongoing high investments into its fleet and aircraft related assets. In line with the current business climate and to support the future investment plans of the Group, no dividend payment will be made to the Investment Corporation of Dubai (ICD) for 2016-17. Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum, chairman and chief executive officer, Emirates Airline and Group, said: “Emirates and dnata have continued to deliver profits and grow the business, despite 2016-17 having been one of our most challenging years to date. “Over the years, we have invested to build our business capabilities and brand reputation. We now reap the benefits as these strong foundations have helped us to weather the destabilising events which have impacted travel demand during the year – from the Brexit vote to Europe’s immigration challenges and terror attacks, from the new policies impacting air travel into the US, to currency devaluation and funds repatriation issues in parts of Africa, and the continued knock-on effect of a sluggish oil and gas industry on business confidence and travel demand.” In 2016-17, the Group collectively invested AED 13.7 billion (US$ 3.7 billion) in new aircraft and equipment, the acquisition of companies, modern facilities, the latest technologies, and staff initiatives. Ahmed said: “These investments will further strengthen our resilience, even as we extend our competitive edge, and adapt our businesses to the volatile business climate and fast changing consumer expectations. “We remain optimistic for the future of our industry, although we expect the year ahead to remain challenging with hyper competition squeezing airline yields, and volatility in many markets impacting travel flows and demand. “Emirates and dnata will stay attuned to the events and trends that impact our business, so that we can respond quickly to opportunities and challenges. We will also progress on our digital transformation journey. We are redesigning every aspect of how we do business, powered by an entirely new suite of technologies. Our aim is to deliver more personalised customer experiences, and seamless customer journeys, and make our operations and back-office functions even more efficient.” Across its more than 80 subsidiaries and companies, the Group increased its total workforce by 11% to over 105,000-strong, representing over 160 different nationalities. Emirates’ total passenger and cargo capacity crossed the 60 billion mark, to 60.5 billion ATKMs at the end of 2016-17, cementing its position as the world’s largest international carrier. The airline increased capacity during the year by 4.1 billion Available Tonne Kilometres (ATKMs), or 7% over 2015-16. Emirates received 35 new aircraft, its highest number during a financial year, comprising of 19 A380s and 16 Boeing 777-300ERs. At the same time 27 older aircraft were phased out, bringing its total fleet count to 259 at the end of March. This fleet roll-over involving 62 aircraft was the largest programme it has ever managed in a year, and it brought Emirates’ average fleet age down significantly to 63 months, compared with 74 months last year, and the industry average of 140 months. The Emirates Group During the year, Emirates launched six new passenger destinations: Fort Lauderdale, Hanoi, Newark, Yangon, Yinchuan and Zhengzhou; and one new additional freighter destination: Phnom Penh. It also added services and capacity to nine cities on its existing route network across Africa, Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and North America, offering customers even greater choice and connectivity. Against significant currency devaluations against the US dollar and fare adjustments due to a highly competitive business environment, Emirates managed to keep its revenue stable at AED 85.1 billion (US$ 23.2 billion). The relentless rise of the US dollar against currencies in most of Emirates’ key markets had an AED 2.1 billion (US$ 572 million) impact on airline revenue, and to the airline’s bottom line. It was the 2nd largest measured in a financial year after last year. Total operating costs increased by 8% over the 2015-16 financial year. The average price of jet fuel fell slightly during the financial year. But due to an 8% higher uplift in line with capacity increase, the airline’s fuel bill increased by 6% over last year to AED 21.0 billion (US$ 5.7 billion). Fuel is now 25% of operating costs, compared to 26% in 2015-16, but it remained the biggest cost component for the airline.. Overall passenger traffic growth continues to demonstrate the consumer desire to fly on Emirates’ state-of-the-art aircraft, and via efficient routings through its Dubai hub. Emirates carried a record 56.1 million passengers (up 8%), and achieved a Passenger Seat Factor of 75.1%. The decline in passenger seat factor compared to last year’s 76.5%, is relative to the strong 10% increase in seat capacity by Available Seat Kilometres (ASKMs), and also in part due to lingering economic uncertainty and strong competition in many markets. Under pressure from the weakening of all major currencies against the USD, passenger yield dropped to 24.7 fils (6.7 US cents) per Revenue Passenger Kilometre (RPKM). To fund its fleet growth in a year of record aircraft deliveries, Emirates raised AED 29.1 billion (US$ 7.9 billion), using a variety of financing structures. Emirates continued to tap the Japanese market for the Japanese Operating Lease (JOL) structure and Japanese Operating Lease with a Call Option (JOLCO) on both A380-800 and Boeing 777-300ER aircraft, while further accessing a diverse institutional investor and bank market base including Korea, the United Kingdom, Germany and Spain. Further and owing to the suspended Export Credit Agency (ECA) support, Emirates successfully structured an innovative AED 4.4 billion (US$ 1.2 billion) commercial bridge facility with US and Chinese institutions. These deals align with Emirates’ strategy to seek diverse financing sources, and underscore its sound financials and the strong investor confidence in the airline’s business model. Emirates closed the financial year with a healthy AED 15.7 billion (US$ 4.3 billion) of cash assets. Emirates continued to invest in refreshing its product and services in line with changing customer needs. The airline revealed its enhanced A380 Onboard Lounge which will enter service in July 2017, and announced a significant, multi-million dollar deal with Thales to equip its future Boeing 777X fleet with Thales’ AVANT inflight entertainment system. In an airfreight market that remained challenging with fast-changing demand patterns, Emirates’ cargo division reported a revenue of AED 10.6 billion (US$ 2.9 billion), a decline of 5% over last year, while tonnage carried slightly increased by 3% to reach 2.6 million tonnes. Emirates’ hotels recorded revenue of AED 738 million (US$ 201 million), an increase of 5% over last year in a highly competitive market mainly in the UAE. In its 58 years of operation, 2016-17 has been dnata’s most profitable yet, crossing AED 1.2 billion (US$ 330 million) profit for the first time. Building on its strong results in the previous year, dnata’s revenue grew to AED 12.2 billion (US$ 3.3 billion), up 15%. dnata’s international business now accounts for 66% of its revenue. In line with revenue growth, the number of aircraft handled by dnata in the UAE increased 2% to 216,000, and Cargo handling by 4% to 714,000 tonnes showing a first turnaround sign of the cargo industry’s ongoing malaise. — May 11, 2017 @ 15:30 GMT No Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website     © 2014, Realnews Magazine | All Rights Reserved. POLITICS OIL & GAS BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT WOMEN ENTERTAINMENT YOUTH EDUCATION BOOKS AFRICA
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Cambodia stocks close 1.31 pct lower 2017-05-11 11:00:58 GMT2017-05-11 19:00:58(Beijing Time) Xinhua English PHNOM PENH, May 11 (Xinhua) -- Cambodia's stocks finished lower on Thursday, with the Cambodia Securities Exchange Index down 4.47 points or 1.31 percent to close at 337. A total of 6,472 shares worth 21.72 million riel (5,377 U.S. dollars) were traded. Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China China's Yiwu witnesses success of Iranian businessman Merkel attends CDU rally for North Rhine-Westphalia state elections Voting for most famous Chinese brand Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Delta delays taking delivery of 10 A350 jets Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Thu May 11, 2017 | 11:19am EDT Delta delays taking delivery of 10 A350 jets FILE PHOTO: Delta planes line up at their gates while on the tarmac of Salt Lake City International Airport in Utah September 28, 2013. REUTERS/Lucas Jackson/File Photo Delta Air Lines Inc (DAL.N) said on Thursday it was delaying taking delivery of 10 Airbus A350-900 jets and placed a fresh order for 30 smaller A321-200s, putting a question mark on the demand for wide-body aircraft. Airbus shares were down 2.1 percent at 73.64 euros in Paris, while Delta fell 1.7 percent to $49.07 on the New York Stock Exchange. Delta's decision comes after larger U.S. rival American Airlines Group Inc (AAL.O) said in April that it had also delayed taking delivery of several wide-body Boeing Co (BA.N) and Airbus jets. An oversupply in the market of long-distance wide-body aircraft has led to airlines postponing deliveries. Delta said it would delay taking deliveries of 10 of the 25 A350-900 aircraft by about two to three years. The aircraft were to be delivered by 2019-20. "These agreements better align our widebody and narrowbody order books with our fleet replacement needs," Delta's Chief Operating Officer Gil West said in a statement. AerCap Holdings NV (AER.N), the world's largest independent aircraft leasing company, on Wednesday played down concerns about weakening demand for wide-body jets, saying there was "good solid demand" for the aircraft globally. Delta said on Thursday delivery schedule for its first A350-900 aircraft was on track, and plans to operate the first flight in the fourth quarter of 2017. The company plans to take delivery of five A350s in 2017. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Shounak Dasgupta) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Wal-Mart CEO to be questioned in U.S. lawsuit over Mexican bribery A federal judge on Thursday ordered Wal-Mart Stores Inc Chief Executive Douglas McMillon to submit to questioning in a lawsuit by shareholders hoping to learn what he knows about suspected bribery by the world's largest retailer in Mexico. Nordstrom's comparable sales miss deepens department-store gloom Nordstrom Inc on Thursday became the latest department store operator after Macy's and Kohl's to report weaker-than-expected quarterly same-store sales, underscoring the industry's struggle to attract customers amid a slump in demand for apparel and a shift to shopping online. GE's Immelt bets big on digital factories, shareholders are wary GROVE CITY, Penn. At a General Electric Co factory in this rural town, Keith Spahn, 60, used to take measurements of parts from railroad locomotives that are in for repair by hand. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse The Market In 5 Minutes Benzinga News Desk     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 11, 2017 9:03am   Comments Share: IN THE NEWS BENZINGA The day has come! Leading minds in fintech will be celebrating innovation across the world at the Benzinga Global Fintech Awards in New York City. Last-minute tickets are available: Link There are many words to describe Sears Holdings Corp (NASDAQ: SHLD) current state of business: troubled, struggling, cash-strapped, unpopular. But don't use the coveted 'b' word to describe the business as it isn't going bankrupt, at least according to CEO Eddie Lampert: Link Boeing Co (NYSE: BA) shares plummeted as much as 3 percent Wednesday as traders circulated reports that 737 MAX test flights were suspended for engine inspections: Link THE WALL STREET JOURNAL The Trump administration and a bipartisan group of U.S. senators are working to address an issue that has gone unresolved for nearly a decade: how to overhaul Fannie Mae (OTC: FNMA) and Freddie Mac (OTC: FMCC), the mortgage-finance giants the government took over in 2008: Link In the weeks before President Donald Trump fired FBI Director James Comey, a federal investigation into potential collusion between Trump associates and the Russian government was heating up, as Mr. Comey became increasingly occupied with the probe: Link REUTERS German grocery chain Aldi Inc is trying to beat the world's biggest retailer at its own game: low prices. Already with 1,600 U.S. stores, Aldi’s internal studies show its prices are 21 percent lower than its lowest-priced rivals, including Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT), according to Chief Executive Jason Hart: Link Tesla Inc (NASDAQ: TSLA) on Wednesday began taking orders for its solar roof tiles, a cornerstone of Elon Musk's strategy to sell a fossil-fuel-free lifestyle under the brand name of its luxury electric vehicles: Link BLOOMBERG For a guy who just lost about a quarter of his net worth, Snap Inc. (NYSE: SNAP) co-founder Evan Spiegel exuded confidence on his first earnings conference call, explaining away the company’s shortcomings and even throwing shade at his bigger -- and far more successful -- social media rival, Facebook Inc. (NASDAQ: FB): Link From Michael Bloomberg: Congress needs to get serious about holding the president accountable: Link NY POST If you’re mad as hell over your rising cable bill, blame programmers not your cable company, Liberty Media Chairman John Malone said in a take-no-prisoners interview Wednesday: Link ECONOMIC DATA New York Federal Reserve Bank President William Dudley is set to speak in Mumbai, India at 6:25 a.m. ET. Data in initial jobless claims for the latest week will be released at 8:30 a.m. ET. The Producer Price Index for April is schedule for release at 8:30 a.m. ET. The Energy Information Administration’s weekly report on natural gas stocks is schedule for release at 10:30 a.m. ET. The Treasury is set to auction 30-year bonds at 1:00 p.m. ET. Data on money supply for the recent week will be released at 4:30 p.m. ET. ANALYST RATINGS Wells Fargo Upgraded Whole Foods (NASDAQ: WFM) from Market Perform to Outperform Rosenblatt Upgraded Twenty-First Century Fox (NASDAQ: FOXA) From Neutral to Buy Citi Upgrades Yelp (NYSE: YELP) From Neutral to Buy Morgan Stanley Downgraded Acacia Communications (NASDAQ: ACIA) from Overweight to Equal-Weight Morgan Stanley Downgraded Albany Molecular Research (NASDAQ: AMRI) from Overweight to Equal-Weight Chardan Downgrades Caesarstone (NASDAQ: CSTE) From Buy to Neutral This is a tool used by the Benzinga News Desk each trading day — it's a look at everything happening in the market, in five minutes. To get the full version of this note every morning, click here or email minutes@benzinga.com. Posted-In: Market in 5 minutesNews Global Top Stories Pre-Market Outlook Markets Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMRI + ACIA) 20 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Wednesday Acacia's Weak Guidance Trumps Q1 Beat 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Friday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For April 5, 2017 Lineup Of Hottest Stocks To Short: A Mix Of The Usual Suspects And First-Timers View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 YELP, ACIA: 25 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 AMD, INTC: Bank Of America Likes Intel, Advanced Micro Devices; Keep An... 3 GOOGL, GOOG: Bull & Bear Takeaways From Nvidia's Q1 Beat 4 SNAP: Snap Inc Higher Ahead Of Earnings 5 NVDA: All The Ratings And Price Targets On Nvidi... 6 WFM, CROX: 12 Stocks To Watch For May 10, 2017 7 TIME, PFGC: Earnings Scheduled For... 1 AAPL: Analysts Say Apple's Future Is In Transportation, Not Just A Car But An... 2 VIAB, DIS: Viacom's Downgrade Amid Mounting Top-Line Pressures 3 AAPL, MSFT: A New ETF Is An Active Idea For Income 4 CNAT, LPL: 20 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market S... 5 SNAP, FB: Snap's Earnings Report Reinforces N... 6 KSS, M: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stoc... 7 CPN, SFTBY: Wall Street's M&... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products From Comcast To Amazon: Companies Set To Win, Lose With FCC Agenda This Month
Search Follow Us! StockTwits Twitter Toggle navigation ETF News Best ETFs Best ETF Categories Upgrades/Downgrades SMART Grades™ ETF Screener Tools ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETFs Hold Your Stock Find ETFs By Leverage Find ETFs By Asset Class ETF Newsletter Search Dow Jones Industrial Average Remains Weak Versus Nasdaq, S&P 500 May 11, 2017 8:04am INDEXDJX:.DJI NYSE:DIA ShareTweet Despite a big bounce in crude oil and energy stocks on Wednesday, the Dow continues to lag while the Nasdaq leads. Technical analyst Dave Chojnacki of Street One Financial recaps the recent market action and dives into the important technical levels that investors and traders should key on. Equities opened lower on Wednesday, as investors tried to shrug off the news out of D.C. of the FBI Director Comey firing. An unexpectedly large drawdown in Oil inventories pushed Energy higher in the session and helped equities to reverse late morning. The remainder of the session was dull, with the averages changing very little on the day. The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) was the only loser, helped by a drop in Boeing (BA), which fell 1.2%. The Nasdaq 100 (NDX) and S&P 500 (SPX) were slightly higher at the close, triggering new closing highs of 5681 and 2399.65, respectively. At the close, the DJIA fell 32.6 points, the SPX inched up 2.7 points, and the NDX added 3.3 points. Breadth was positive, 2 to 1, on below average volume. ROC(10)’s were mixed in the session, with the DJIA the only major average declining. RSI’s were also mixed, with the DJIA dropping slightly and the NDX and SPX rising. The NDX continues at an overbought level of 79.9. All three major averages remain with their MACD above signal. The ARMS index ended the day at 0.62, a fairly bullish reading. The NDX closed at a new high for the fourth straight session. It moved up only a few points and volume was light, but yet again, it continues to be the leading index. It is comfortably above its 20D-SMA of 5537. The DJIA was slightly lower on the day, but it too remains well above its 20D-SMA of 20805. The DJIA remains 172 points from its all-time closing of 21115, established in March. The SPX also melted up to a new closing high, but was unable to get above 2400 in the session. Its 20D-SMA sits at 2374. IWM (iShares Russell 2000) had a decent day, up 0.62%, to 139.21. This reflects the good breadth we witnessed yesterday. The VIX added 2.5% to finish at 10.21, up for the second straight session. Near term support for the NDX is at 5675 and 5650. Near term resistance is at 5700 and 5725. Near term support for the SPX is at 2388 and 2375. Near term resistance is at 2400, 2403, and 2412. Europe is mostly higher in early trade, but U.S. Futures are pointing lower in the premarket. The only two major economic reports on tap today are Jobless Claims at 8:30am and Natural Gas Inventories at 10:30am. The SPDR Dow Jones Industrial Average ETF (NYSE:DIA) fell $0.20 (-0.10%) in premarket trading Thursday. Year-to-date, DIA has gained 6.06%, versus a 7.31% rise in the benchmark S&P 500 index during the same period. DIA currently has an ETF Daily News SMART Grade of A (Strong Buy), and is ranked #5 of 75 ETFs in the Large Cap Value ETFs category. Disclaimer: The content of this article is excerpted from a daily newsletter from Street One Financial. While ETF Daily News may edit the contents and add a relevant title to the piece, the author, David Chojnacki, does not endorse or recommend any issuer or security mentioned herein. About the Author: Dave Chojnacki Dave Chojnacki is the Chief Market Technician at Street One Financial. He provides technical support for the Street One team and also develops individual analysis for Clients as requested. Dave is a major contributor to the ‘ETF Daily’, a morning newsletter providing clients a daily look at market technicals of the major indices and selected ETF’s. Market trends, support and resistance levels are provided in the daily letter. The Technical portion of the daily can also be found on Seeking Alpha. Mr. Chojnacki has been quoted in a number of industry publications including the Reuters, ETF Trends, Minyanville, Yahoo Financial and Investors.Com. In addition, Dave assists with desk trading when necessary. He possesses a Series 7 and 63. Prior to joining Street One, Dave designed and developed I/T Systems for the Insurance and Financial Industries. Tags: Dow Jones Industrial Average INDEXDJX:.DJI Categories: INDEXDJX:.DJI NYSE:DIA NYSE:SPY Read Next Near-Term Technicals Are Weak For The Dow Jones Industrial Average Weak Volume In Dow Jones Industrial Average Lessens Impact Of Latest Rally Very Weak Volume Begins To Hit The Dow Jones Industrial Average Dow Jones Industrial Average Is Falling, But Weak Volume Means No Clear Signal Yet The Dow Jones Industrial Average Remains Below An Important Technical Level Recommended for You Get Free Updates Join over 50,000 investors who get the latest news from ETFDailyNews.com! Subscribe Most Popular Dow Jones Industrial Average Remains Weak Versus Nasdaq, S&P 500 Why Bitcoin Could Run Up To $2,000 This Year Here’s Why The Dow Jones Industrial Average Plunged This Week Our Exclusive Tools Best ETFs List Best ETF Categories ETF Screener Find Whats In Your ETF Find What ETF Holds Your Stock Search ETFs By Leverage Search ETFs By Asset Class Sponsored Content From Our Partners Explore More from ETFDailyNews.com Free Daily Newsletter Get daily ETF insights from our market experts. Never miss another important market development again! Sign Me Up ETFDailyNews.com respects your privacy. Best ETFs We've rated and ranked nearly 2,000 ETFs and ETNs using our proprietary SMART Grade system. View Top Rated ETFs Best Categories We've ranked dozens of ETF categories based on relative performance. Best ETF Categories ©2017 ETF Daily News About Us | Authors | Contact Us | Terms of Use
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto News Videos #Oppo Firspost Shareworthy MP farmer gets Rs 2000 notes sans Mahatma Gandhi image BJP lauds PM Narendra Modi on Twitter, claims Dawood's properties seized after diplomatic masterstroke Before UP Elections 2017, films to catch up on, from Omkara to Masaan: Throwback Thursday Guru Gobind Singh's 350th birth anniversary: Narendra Modi to attend Prakash Parv in Patna Renowned sitar player Abdul Halim Jaffer Khan passed away at 88 more from #Nasa Nasa's Cassini spacecraft captures best ever image of propeller belts in the rings of Saturn Nasa's Cassini beams back images of cloud bands streaking across Titan's hazy atmosphere Nasa may prepare for pioneering Mars mission with year long manned mission to the Moon Top Reviews 3T (128GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 34,999 F3 Plus Editor rating : 8 Price: 30,990 Redmi Note 4 (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 12,999 GT73VR 7RF Titan Pro Editor rating : 8 Price: 336,000 V5 Plus (64GB, 4GB RAM) Editor rating : 8 Price: 27,980 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Nasa may prepare for pioneering Mars mission with year long manned mission to the Moon By IANS /  11 May 2017 , 16:45 #Nasa Image: Nasa. In its preparation to send humans to Mars in the 2030s, Nasa may send a year-long crewed mission around the Moon in 2027, media reported. The lunar presence would serve as a launching point for the spacecraft that will carry humans to Mars, a Nasa official was quoted as saying by Space.com on Wednesday. The area of space near the moon offers a true deep space environment to gain experience for human missions that push farther into the solar system, access the lunar surface for robotic missions but with the ability to return to Earth if needed in days rather than weeks or months. A Concept for a Martian habitat by Team Nest. Image: Nasa. Nasa recently announced that its Mars plan now includes building a “deep-space gateway” around the Moon, Greg Williams of Nasa’s Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate said during his presentation at the Humans to Mars Summit in Washington DC on May 9. This deep space gateway would have a power bus, a small habitat to extend crew time, docking capability, an airlock, and serviced by logistics modules to enable research. A concept for the Deep Space Gateway by Boeing. Image: Boeing. However, before that year-long Moon mission, there would be at least five missions, four of them crewed, to deliver hardware, such as a crew habitat, Williams said. Williams said that to carry a crew to Mars a Deep Space Transport vehicle would also be delivered. “If we could conduct a yearlong crewed mission on this Deep Space Transport in cislunar space, we believe we will know enough that we could then send this thing, crewed, on a 1,000-day mission to the Mars system and back,” Williams was quoted as saying. Publish date: May 11, 2017 4:45 pm| Modified date: May 11, 2017 4:45 pm Tags: cislunar, Deep Space Transport, Mars, Moon, NASA Also read Engineers at Nasa and Stanford figure out a way to turn rocks on Mars or moon in concrete Nasa releases action cam footage from spacewalk; showcases steps to protect ISS from debris X Recommended For You Nasa’s Cassini spacecraft captures best ever image of propeller belts in the rings of Saturn Nasa’s Cassini beams back images of cloud bands streaking across Titan’s hazy atmosphere Nasa releases action cam footage from spacewalk; showcases steps to protect ISS from debris US Air Force’s X-37B space plane completes two-year secret mission Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 6 / 10 Acer TravelMate P449 review: A sensible, understated design marred by a poor display unit Rating : 8 / 10 MSI GT73VR 7RF gaming laptop review: Ludicrous performance at a ludicrous price Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range #digital recreation May 12, 2017 Palaeontologists investigate death of pre-historic squid 150 million years ago, with a digital recreation #United Nations May 12, 2017 United Nations has urged the Indian government to restore Internet access in Jammu and Kashmir #Partnered Mar 30, 2017 The Fashion Shopper has gone mobile: New report by BCG & Facebook #e-Krishi May 12, 2017 Union Agriculture and Farmers Welfare Minister launches e-Krishi Samvad to help farmers #HP May 12, 2017 HP has been shipping a keylogger with its computers for years, sloppy code to blame #Microsoft May 12, 2017 Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella believes that the company is successful because it gives back SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Vivo Y66 smartphone review: An uninspiring device that packs a decent camera Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu BIG D The main reason Americans are ditching New York and flocking to cowboy land Written by Ana Campoy May 11, 2017 It’s not all about Dallas Cowboy cheerleaders anymore. (Quartz/Ana Campoy) Share Written by Ana Campoy May 11, 2017 New York may be a cultural mecca, the epicenter of global finance, and one of the world’s top fashion capitals, but it’s falling behind on a key factor that prompts people to pack their bags and move across the country: jobs. From 2010 to 2016, more Americans headed out of New York to other places in the US than made the trip in the opposite direction, according to a Brookings Institution analysis released earlier this month. The city hemorrhaged 900,000 residents due to domestic migration, the biggest loss suffered by any major metro area in the country. Chances are, at least some of those former New Yorkers ended up in Dallas, the city that added the largest number of residents during that period. The Big Apple and the Big D represent a broader national trend of Americans ditching the coasts and the Midwest for the cheaper real estate and brisk economy of the south, as seen in the chart below. Were it not for foreign immigrants, cities experiencing the resident exodus would have recorded visible population drops, according to Brookings. Dallas offers a pretty compelling economic case for relocation. Its economy expanded 4% on average each year from 2011 to 2015, the latest year for which data is available. Next to that, New York’s 1.3% average annual rates looks downright paltry. And while New York’s economy is more than three times as large as Dallas’s, over the past 12 months, roughly, the Texas city added more jobs. Indeed, Dallas was the top job generator in the country in March, producing 129,700 extra jobs compared to the same month last year. New York came in second in raw numbers, with 108,200 new jobs, but it added them at a much slower rate. Dallas’s new jobs are, in part, the result of a very deliberate effort by regional economic developers to lure companies from other parts of the country. Among their latest coups: divisions of Toyota and Boeing, and Jamba Juice’s headquarters. But the metro area wasn’t always such a powerful corporate magnet. Indeed, 16 years ago, Boeing snubbed it in favor of Chicago for its new headquarters, reportedly because the company’s executives (and their wives) found Dallas to be somewhat of a cultural desert. That spurred a downtown revitalization extravaganza that includes not one, but two of Santiago Calatrava’s iconic bridges, an ostentatious opera house designed by the firm of star architect Norman Foster, and a big park over one of Dallas’s ubiquitous freeways that regularly hosts yoga and African dance sessions. The city even created a PR campaign to update its brash cowboy persona, dubbed “Big things happen in Dallas.” The goal, according to Dallas’s mayor, was to “dial up the sex appeal for our city.” The improvements made downtown Dallas much nicer. But it’s the smaller cultural changes, some of them spurred by new transplants, that may be making Dallas more palatable to professionals used to New York’s bustle or the Bay Area’s stunning views. It’s now more common to see a hipster beard than big hair in Dallas. There’s been an outbreak of microbreweries. You can now get an expertly brewed cortado—likely delivered by a tattooed barista—all around town. Chicken coops are invading the city’s ultra-manicured, emerald-green lawns, and film festivals and hip independent bookstores are offering alternatives to Dallas Cowboys football games. Dallas is now trying to bank on its growing cultural cachet to attract millennials with yet another PR campaign, “Say Yes to Dallas.” In it, the city bills itself as happening and progressive. The reality though is that, for all its efforts, Dallas can do little about the fact that it sits in deeply conservative Texas. Last week, Republican governor Greg Abbott signed a bill banning sanctuary cities—jurisdictions that limit their cooperation with the federal government on undocumented immigrants—in the state. Abbott also backs a bill that would prohibit transgender people to use public bathrooms, and the Texas house just passed another that, if it passes through the senate and is signed by the governor, would allow adoptive agencies to reject prospective adoptive parents on religious grounds. Most Popular Neuroscience shows that our gut instincts about only children are right Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu EYE IN THE SKY The US coast guard is deploying drones to catch increasingly tech-savvy drug traffickers Written by Neha Thirani Bagri Obsession The Sea May 11, 2017 Uncharted territory. (PRNewsfoto/Insitu) Share Written by Neha Thirani Bagri Obsession The Sea May 11, 2017 At any time, the US coast guard has just three to five cutters, or large manned vessels, assigned to patrol about 6 million sq miles of sea spanning the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico to the eastern Pacific Ocean, through which most of the cocaine bound for the US passes. To tackle the momentous task of monitoring these vast stretches of ocean, this year the coast guard began to use the ScanEagle, a Boeing-manufactured, 10-ft-long drone similar to a model that was used by the US marine corps in Iraq. The drone recently concluded a six-week deployment in the eastern Pacific Ocean with the coast guard cutter Stratton. The ScanEagle is launched into the skies from a catapult on the flight deck and scans the surrounding waters for targets, the Associated Press reported from aboard the Stratton. The drone takes into account things like a vessel’s size, cargo, and movement, to determine if it might be a security threat. When a “target of interest” is detected, a go-fast boat is launched, and the chase begins. The coast guard’s efforts to upgrade its technology—previously it added infrared video and now has drones—along with a spike in coca production in Colombia in the last few years means that they have been particularly productive in seizing smuggled narcotics. In 2016 the coast guard set a record by seizing over 240 tons of cocaine valued at $5.9 billion and arresting 585 smugglers. Earlier this month, U.S. Coast Guard Cutter Stratton returned to Alameda, California after completing the first long-term deployment of a national security cutter with a small UAS on board as an operational asset. We’re proud to support the @USCG with #ScanEagle #UAS. #InsituProud #drone #uav #droneoftheday #dronestagram #USCG A post shared by Insitu Inc (@insitu_inc) on Apr 17, 2017 at 9:09am PDT The tech upgrades have come in response to drug traffickers who have developed new stealth methods, including homemade “narco-submarines“ and drones. In July 2015, a US Navy pilot spotted a 40-ft-long, blue semi-submersible 200 miles off the coast of Mexico leading to the coast guard’s biggest drug bust ever, involving 16,000 pounds of cocaine worth $181 million. And in November 2016, Colombian authorities confiscated an unmanned aerial vehicle that traffickers were using to transport drugs to Panama. Most Popular Neuroscience shows that our gut instincts about only children are right Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boeing, Primera Air Announce Order for Up to 20 737 MAX 9s SEATTLE, May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Boeing [NYSE: BA] and Primera Air today announced an order for eight 737 MAX 9 airplanes, valued at more than $950 million at list prices. The agreement also includes purchase rights for four additional 737 MAX 9s and a lease agreement for eight more airplanes from Air Lease Corporation. The 737 MAX 9 will form the backbone of the low-cost airline’s future as it seeks to commence flights between Europe and North America. Primera Air plans to use the MAX 9’s auxiliary fuel tanks to lower trip costs and maximize the range to accommodate flights connecting Europe to the east coast of the U.S. „The 737 MAX 9 will allow Primera Air to open up nonstop, long-haul routes from Europe to the U.S. with unmatched economics,” said Andri M. Ingolfsson, President, Primera Air. „This aircraft has a lower per-seat cost than the current wide body aircraft servicing the transatlantic and the capabilities of this aircraft type will change the economics of the industry. This will open up fantastic possibilities for growth for Primera Air in the future.” „Primera Air’s commitment is a major endorsement of the 737 MAX 9 and its ability to serve new transatlantic markets,” said Monty Oliver, vice president, European Sales, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. „The MAX 9 will provide Primera Air unmatched efficiency, range, reliability and operating costs, while continuing to provide a premium on-board experience for its passengers.” Primera Air is an all-Boeing carrier currently operating a fleet of nine Next-Generation 737-700s and 737-800s with flights to more than 70 airports in Europe. Primera Air is part of the Primera Travel Group that operates travel agencies and tour operating companies in Sweden, Denmark, Norway, Finland, Iceland and Estonia. The 737 MAX family has been designed to offer customers exceptional performance, flexibility and efficiency, with lower per-seat costs and an extended range that will open up new destinations in the single-aisle market. The MAX 8 and 9 will be followed in 2019 by the smaller MAX 7 and higher capacity MAX 200, while studies and customer discussions continue on further growing the family. The 737 MAX incorporates the latest technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines, Advanced Technology winglets and other improvements to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing history, accumulating more than 3,700 orders from 87 customers worldwide. Contact: Keelan Morris Boeing Commercial Airplanes Communications + 44(0)208 235 5664 keelan.j.morris@boeing.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-primera-air-announce-order-for-up-to-20-737-max-9s-300455929.html SOURCE Boeing Related Links http://www.boeing.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsContracts, Licensing Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Zero Liquid Discharge (ZLD) Market to Reach US$ 1,002.4 Mn by 2025 – Persistence Market Research Next PostNext Corporate LMS Market Analysis Covering Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts TeamTalk puts off CityLink fibre capex in deals TeamTalk puts off CityLink fibre capex in deals NZ median house price eases in April, number of sales tumble NZ median house price eases in April, number of sales tumble Readout of Meeting Between U.S. Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Israeli Justice Minister Shaked RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Gold price closes lower in Hong Kong 2017-05-11 09:30:56 GMT2017-05-11 17:30:56(Beijing Time) Xinhua English HONG KONG, May 11 (Xinhua) -- The gold price in Hong Kong closed at 11,358 Hong Kong dollars (about 1,458.53 U.S. dollars) per tael on Thursday, down 20 Hong Kong dollars from the previous trading day, according to the Chinese Gold and Silver Exchange Society. (1 U.S. dollar equals to 7.79 HK dollars) Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China China's Yiwu witnesses success of Iranian businessman Merkel attends CDU rally for North Rhine-Westphalia state elections Voting for most famous Chinese brand Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Foreign exchange rates in Hong Kong 2017-05-11 09:21:01 GMT2017-05-11 17:21:01(Beijing Time) Xinhua English HONG KONG, May 11 (Xinhua) -- The following are foreign exchange rates against Hong Kong dollar released by Hang Seng Bank Limited on Thursday: Buying Selling U.S. dollar 777.50 780.50 Australian dollar 570.60 578.60 Canadian dollar 564.60 572.10 Swiss franc 768.30 777.90 Euro 842.30 853.40 British pound 1001.70 1013.70 Japanese yen 676.80 687.50 (The above exchange rates are expressed per 100 units for the foreign currency, except per 10,000 units for the Japanese yen.) Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China China's Yiwu witnesses success of Iranian businessman Merkel attends CDU rally for North Rhine-Westphalia state elections Voting for most famous Chinese brand Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Hong Kong stocks close 0.44 pct higher 2017-05-11 09:20:59 GMT2017-05-11 17:20:59(Beijing Time) Xinhua English HONG KONG, May 11 (Xinhua) -- Hong Kong stocks closed up 110.13 points, or 0.44 percent, to 25,125.55 points on Thursday. The benchmark Hang Seng Index traded between 25,024.76 and 25,203.54. Turnover totaled 81.57 billion Hong Kong dollars (about 10.47 billion U.S. dollars). Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China China's Yiwu witnesses success of Iranian businessman Merkel attends CDU rally for North Rhine-Westphalia state elections Voting for most famous Chinese brand Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
X SORRY, No RESULTS FOUND LOAD MORE Technology notification hi, my dashboard profile setting logout sign in / sign up Home News Apps Science And Future FOR YOU Trending Second Man On Moon, Astronaut Buzz Aldrin, Tells NASA To Ditch ISS If It Wants To Get To... Home News india world sports weird Technology News Apps Science And Future Lifestyle self style who we are travel food Entertainment bollywood celebscoop hollywood Health Healthy Living Recipes Inspire Tips & Tricks Buzz Sports Videos Trending Home > Technology > Science And Future Second Man On Moon, Astronaut Buzz Aldrin, Tells NASA To Ditch ISS If It Wants To Get To Mars Gwyn D'Mello May 11, 2017 At the 2017 Humans to Mars conference on May 9 in Washington, veteran astronaut Buzz Aldrin had a clear piece of advice for NASA — if the space agency is serious about reaching Mars, its needs to ditch the International Space Station (ISS). Apollo 11 US astronaut Buzz Aldrin - Gage Skidmore “We must retire the ISS as soon as possible,” Aldrin said at the conference. “We simply cannot afford $3.5 billion a year of that cost.” He went on to make further suggestions for NASA’s Mars mission, including handing over other low-Earth orbit projects like the ISS to private agencies like SpaceX, Boeing, and Blue Origin. However, NASA is of a slightly different opinion regarding ISS. So far, the agency has been using the space station as a way to test public-private partnerships with private space agencies, employing their rockets on supply runs while also providing them with developmental input. In fact, NASA officials have repeatedly said the ISS is a key component of the ‘Journey to Mars’. Members of the US House Science and Technology’s Subcommittee on Space have already stated that the country plans to abandon its participation in the ISS in 2024, mostly because the monumental expenditure is not worth it when NASA plans to go beyond, to the Red Planet. However, all of that could change when put to a vote, because other parties in the discussion believe that $3.5 billion will not be spent on any other Earth, Moon, or Mars projects. Eventually, it may all come down to completely different factors, like the expenditure for NASA’s Journey to Mars plans, and the fact that it’s running out of astronaut suits. Don't Miss Long Space Flights Can Reduce Fitness Capacity Of Astronauts By 30-50 Per Cent 143 SHARES Elon Musk's SpaceX Is Testing The Gigantic Falcon Heavy Rocket, One That Will Take Settlers To... Reliance Jio Will Soon Offer 100Mbps Fiber Broadband Connections With A Free 90 Day Trial 12.4K SHARES Investment God Warren Buffett Says He's Open To Buying An Indian Business, If It's Big Enough 7.1K SHARES Warren Buffett Reveals How Bill Gates Only Preferred Hiring IIT Engineers At Microsoft 7.9K SHARES PROMOTED STORIES Here’s Why Guys Are Obsessed With This Underwear… The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon How Many IT Security Blind Spots Did You Miss Today? Microsoft The 8 Countries Where You Can Go To College For Free WomensArticle.com The Most Expensive Jets No One Is Talking About History Garage The Inside Of Leonardo Dicaprio's House Is Far From What Y.. Lonny She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her Country Livingly just in Science And Future Discovery Of Neptune-Like Planet Changes How Scientists Think About Birth And Death Of Planets Partner This Graph Perfectly Sums Up How Virat Kohli Made The Most Of The Opportunities That Came His Way 1.2K SHARES Science And Future A Water Purification Breakthrough That Shocks Impurities Out Easily Works On Cheap Solar Panels See Gold Ads Attention Clifton Residents. Have You Looked at Gold Price.. Partner Globe Trotter Deepika Padukone Has The Perfect Solution For All Your Travel Woes 493 SHARES Gadgets The Latest iPhone 8 Renders To Hit Online Show The Sleekest Apple Device We've Ever Seen 461 SHARES Science And Future MIT Researchers Are Testing A Game That Lets You Train Robots Without Any Programming Knowledge Partner This Adorable Mother’s Day Video Is The Best Tribute You Can Give To Your Other Mom 578 SHARES News One Of India's Highest Selling SUVs Is Also One Of The Most Unsafe Cars On Sale In The Country, Gets Zero Stars 4.3K SHARES Arizona State University How to Sidestep the Pitfalls of Student Life   YOU MAY ALSO LIKE celebscoop Justin Bieber Lands In Mumbai For His Concert And Fans At The Airport Can't Control Their... Isha Sharma 85.9K SHARES celebscoop 12 Things Justin Bieber Did After Landing In India That Made Us Swoon! Isha Sharma 56.5K SHARES india An Honest Account Of What Happened At The Justin Bieber Concert Neha Borkar 37.1K SHARES Ad The Luxury Crossover SUV that Puts You Confidently in Charge Acura india This Company Will Refurbish Your Used Shoes, Recycle & Create New Pairs For Needy School Kids Shewali Tiwari 34.8K SHARES celebscoop Sonali Bendre Calls Justin Bieber's Concert Waste Of Time, Bipasha Basu Walks Out After 5-Mins Garima Satija 19.5K SHARES Sports Once Again Sachin Tendulkar's Son Arjun Is Compared To Justin Bieber On Social Media Due To... Prabhjeet Singh Sethi 17.5K SHARES Ad 20 Odd American Cars | #4 Is Just Embarrassing Driver Weekly celebscoop As If His Demands Weren't Enough, Justin Bieber Will Be Flooded With These Expensive Gifts Saloni Singh 31.9K SHARES Sports Martin Guptill's Superhuman Catch At The Boundary Turns Things Around For Kings XI Punjab Prabhjeet Singh Sethi 7.8K SHARES india This Young Scientist From Jaipur Just Jumped From NASA To The US Army With A Rs 1.2 Crore... Indiatimes 30.5K SHARES Ad Discover The Vast Unique Collections At World Market Cost Plus World Market OUR NETWORK MensXP iDiva Luxpresso Whats Hot SPECIALS #GIRF2017 #Budget2017 #FitIT #SelfieExpert Pollution Today Stories That Matter 2016 #PunjabDrugCrisis #Error377 Go For Gold #FRONTLINES Indianama Panama Papers ABOUT US KNOW IT Trending Topics Mobile Apps ARCHIVES sitemap Contact us Privacy Policy Terms & CONDITIONS get app Stay UPDATED with all that's buzzing and trending with indiatimes App! FOLLOW US ON other sites News – TO CricBuzz Happy Trips Business Insider Gizmodo Lifehacker Gaana Techradar WHAT'S HOT ZigWheels FILMIPOP Femina Property Speaking Tree Copyright © 2017 Times Internet Limited. Powered by Indiatimes Lifestyle Network. All rights reserved
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Scoot eyes at least 3 to 4 long-haul routes by 2020: CEO Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Scoot eyes at least 3 to 4 long-haul routes by 2020: CEO Advertisement Singapore Scoot eyes at least 3 to 4 long-haul routes by 2020: CEO 03:35 Singapore budget carrier Scoot is setting its sights on operating at least three to four long-haul routes within the next two to three years, according to its CEO Lee Lik Hsin. 2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery. By Olivia Siong @OliviaSiongCNA 11 May 2017 11:31AM (Updated: 11 May 2017 11:06PM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail SEATTLE, United States: Singapore budget carrier Scoot is setting its sights on operating at least three to four long-haul routes within the next two to three years, according to its CEO Lee Lik Hsin. In an interview with Channel NewsAsia on Thursday (May 11), Mr Lee revealed that travellers can expect Scoot to announce one new long-haul route by this year, followed by another in 2018. He declined to name any specific destinations but hinted that the airline will not be limiting itself to Asia. The company later said it is exploring Honolulu, Hawaii, as a possible destination, after reports stating it could fly there by end-2017 emerged.  Mr Lee was in Seattle where Scoot is set to pick up a new 787 Dreamliner on Friday (Singapore time) from American aircraft manufacturer Boeing. File photo of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner factory in Everett, Seattle.  Advertisement Advertisement This will be the 14th in Scoot’s all-Dreamliner fleet, but the new plane comes with an added feature - crew rest bunks. “The first few aeroplanes that we took did not have the crew rest bunks and so could not be deployed on the long-haul routes per se," said Mr Lee. "With this, we clearly signalled our intention that we want to be in that space, to fly long-haul routes in our network.” Was at @Boeing to see how Scoot's new #Dreamliner aircraft is being built, allows them to run long haul flights ✈️ https://t.co/uLtWqzEmxj pic.twitter.com/tDl5thheF9— Olivia Siong (@OliviaSiongCNA) May 11, 2017 MAXIMISING EFFICIENCY Last August, Scoot announced its first long-haul flight to Europe with the opening of a Singapore-Athens route, which is set to begin next month. In an update, Mr Lee said the current take-up is “quite healthy” - with about 70 per cent of the seats sold so far within the first few months of operation. When asked why the frequency of the route is being reduced from four times a week, to three in mid-September and down to two in October, he said this had been planned from the start to take into account the peak summer months and the lull during winter months. He noted that efficiency will be maximised during the lull months by finding other routes where the frequency can be increased instead. In the case of the Athens route, Mr Lee said this is balanced by increasing the frequency of flights to Sapporo, Japan, where winter is a peak travel season. HANDLING THE COMPETITION The CEO also claimed that the low-cost carrier is not making any adjustments to its long-haul route plans just yet, despite aggressive moves from competitors such as Norwegian. The Scandinavian budget carrier announced in April that it will be launching a non-stop service between Singapore and London. Reports have also suggested that Norwegian intends to introduce routes between Singapore and Paris, Rome as well as Scandinavia. But Scoot, which is the low cost arm of Singapore Airlines, said plans for its growth has always been “fairly aggressive from the start”. Besides the 20 aircraft in its fleet, which it will soon have, Mr Lee said there are plans for Scoot to further boost the number of planes it operates by tapping on new aircraft ordered by Singapore Airlines (SIA). In February, SIA placed a US$13.8 billion (S$19.5 billion) order for 39 aircraft from Boeing. “The recent SIA order ... will help us as well because there’s some flexibility within those orders to convert into Scoot aircraft,” Mr Lee explained. “I think we are going to rely more on the parent company because they have the purchasing power and economies ... if we are to go out and buy five to 10 aeroplanes, we probably wouldn’t get a very good price."   Source: CNA/am Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Skip Navigation Jump to Main Main navigation and Meta Navigation To Home Meta Main Navigation Watch TV Content Search OpenAll Sections All SectionsClose Section Navigation Title Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary OpenAll Sections Now Reading Scoot eyes at least 3 to 4 long-haul routes by 2020: CEO Toggle share menu Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail Jump to top Search OpenAll Sections Main Navigation Section Navigation Title Home Watch TV Compact Layout All Sections Close Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary Videos Catch-up TV TV Schedule Special Reports Singapore Parliament Weather PSI Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Play Store App Store Search Close Search Search Term Search Term Clear search input Search Scoot eyes at least 3 to 4 long-haul routes by 2020: CEO Advertisement Singapore Scoot eyes at least 3 to 4 long-haul routes by 2020: CEO 03:35 Singapore budget carrier Scoot is setting its sights on operating at least three to four long-haul routes within the next two to three years, according to its CEO Lee Lik Hsin. 2 related media assets (image or videos) available. Click to see the gallery. By Olivia Siong @OliviaSiongCNA 11 May 2017 11:31AM (Updated: 11 May 2017 11:06PM) Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail SEATTLE, United States: Singapore budget carrier Scoot is setting its sights on operating at least three to four long-haul routes within the next two to three years, according to its CEO Lee Lik Hsin. In an interview with Channel NewsAsia on Thursday (May 11), Mr Lee revealed that travellers can expect Scoot to announce one new long-haul route by this year, followed by another in 2018. He declined to name any specific destinations but hinted that the airline will not be limiting itself to Asia. The company later said it is exploring Honolulu, Hawaii, as a possible destination, after reports stating it could fly there by end-2017 emerged.  Mr Lee was in Seattle where Scoot is set to pick up a new 787 Dreamliner on Friday (Singapore time) from American aircraft manufacturer Boeing. File photo of the Boeing 787 Dreamliner factory in Everett, Seattle.  Advertisement Advertisement This will be the 14th in Scoot’s all-Dreamliner fleet, but the new plane comes with an added feature - crew rest bunks. “The first few aeroplanes that we took did not have the crew rest bunks and so could not be deployed on the long-haul routes per se," said Mr Lee. "With this, we clearly signalled our intention that we want to be in that space, to fly long-haul routes in our network.” Was at @Boeing to see how Scoot's new #Dreamliner aircraft is being built, allows them to run long haul flights ✈️ https://t.co/uLtWqzEmxj pic.twitter.com/tDl5thheF9— Olivia Siong (@OliviaSiongCNA) May 11, 2017 MAXIMISING EFFICIENCY Last August, Scoot announced its first long-haul flight to Europe with the opening of a Singapore-Athens route, which is set to begin next month. In an update, Mr Lee said the current take-up is “quite healthy” - with about 70 per cent of the seats sold so far within the first few months of operation. When asked why the frequency of the route is being reduced from four times a week, to three in mid-September and down to two in October, he said this had been planned from the start to take into account the peak summer months and the lull during winter months. He noted that efficiency will be maximised during the lull months by finding other routes where the frequency can be increased instead. In the case of the Athens route, Mr Lee said this is balanced by increasing the frequency of flights to Sapporo, Japan, where winter is a peak travel season. HANDLING THE COMPETITION The CEO also claimed that the low-cost carrier is not making any adjustments to its long-haul route plans just yet, despite aggressive moves from competitors such as Norwegian. The Scandinavian budget carrier announced in April that it will be launching a non-stop service between Singapore and London. Reports have also suggested that Norwegian intends to introduce routes between Singapore and Paris, Rome as well as Scandinavia. But Scoot, which is the low cost arm of Singapore Airlines, said plans for its growth has always been “fairly aggressive from the start”. Besides the 20 aircraft in its fleet, which it will soon have, Mr Lee said there are plans for Scoot to further boost the number of planes it operates by tapping on new aircraft ordered by Singapore Airlines (SIA). In February, SIA placed a US$13.8 billion (S$19.5 billion) order for 39 aircraft from Boeing. “The recent SIA order ... will help us as well because there’s some flexibility within those orders to convert into Scoot aircraft,” Mr Lee explained. “I think we are going to rely more on the parent company because they have the purchasing power and economies ... if we are to go out and buy five to 10 aeroplanes, we probably wouldn’t get a very good price."   Source: CNA/am Share this content Share on Facebook Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on LinkedIn Share via Whatsapp Share via Whatsapp Share via E-Mail Share via E-Mail More stories for you More information about Channel News Asia jump to top of page Sections Asia Pacific Singapore World CNA Insider Business Sport Lifestyle Technology Health Commentary About Us About Channel NewsAsia Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Advertise with us Contact Sales Online Advertising TV Advertising Get the news that matters in your inbox every morning! Next try Plese enter your Email-address I consent to the use of my personal data by Mediacorp and the Mediacorp group of companies (collectively "Mediacorp") to send me marketing and advertising materials in relation to goods and services of Mediacorp and its business partners and for research and analysis SUBSCRIBE Follow our news Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Experience news with our apps Play Store App Store Copyright© Mediacorp 2017. Mediacorp Pte Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews Norman Dwight Hall, 64 May 10, 2017 Norman Dwight Hall, 64, of California, MD passed away on May 3, 2017 at his home surrounded by his loving family. He was born September 13, 1952 in Raleigh, NC to the late Graham Hall and Jane Earl Burch Hall. In 1974, Dwight joined the United States Air Force and dedicated over 11 years of service until his Honorable Discharge in December 1985 as a Captain. During his service he earned the Air Force Commendation Medal, Meritorious Service Medal, Longevity Service Award Ribbon with One Oak Leaf Cluster, Outstanding Unit Award with One Oak Leaf Cluster, Air Force Training Ribbon, National Defense Service Medal, Good Conduct Medal and Senior Space Badge. He was a past participant in the Air Force ROTC Program. Dwight was a graduate of Oklahoma State University with a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering. He was just shy of completing his Master’s Degree in Electrical Engineering. He was employed as a dedicated engineer with Boeing for over 31 years, having worked on many different programs, including the A.B.L., the A.L.L., the R-2508 Enhancement Program, the Reflected Energy Sensor, and most recently as a flight test engineer working on the P-8A Program. On August 4, 1973 he married his beloved wife, Ruth-Ellen Hall in Duncan, OK. Together they celebrated over 43 wonderful years of marriage. He loved music and singing. He dedicated his time to his church and was the choir director for many years. He also loved his family, especially his children and grandchildren, whom he enjoyed spending his time with. He was an active member of the Lexington Park Baptist Church, the United States Air Force Association, Arnold Air Society, ETA Kappa Nu, and Tau Beta Pi. He was a past Gideon and an ordained deacon. In addition to his beloved wife, Dwight is also survived by his children: Christopher Dwight Hall of California, MD and Valerie Cherise Hall of California, MD; his brother, Roger Alan Hall of Lexington, N.C., his grandchildren: Jordyn Demaria-Hall, Hannah Hall, Thomas Hall, Trevin Hall; his aunt & uncle, Lydia and Charlie Williams; and niece Kristi Hall. He is preceded in death by his parents and his brother Douglas Ralph Hall. Family will receive friends for Dwight’s Life Celebration on Monday, May 8, 2017 from 5:00 to 7:00 p.m., with a Funeral Service celebrated by Rev. Chris McCombs at 7:00 p.m., at Lexington Park Baptist Church, 46855 S. Shangri-La Drive, Lexington Park, MD 20650. Interment will be private. Memorial contributions may be made to Lexington Park Baptist Church, 46855 S. Shangri-La Drive, Lexington Park, MD 20653, and to Hannah Hall to defray costs of her summer missions trip to the Philippines. This entry was posted on May 10, 2017 at 9:58 pm and is filed under All News, Obituaries, z 600X120 Top Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment * Name Email Archives May 2017 (134) April 2017 (272) March 2017 (314) February 2017 (241) January 2017 (250) December 2016 (241) November 2016 (256) October 2016 (319) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (275) July 2016 (240) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (372) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (323) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (296) December 2015 (299) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (264) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (594) June 2013 (559) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us ט"ז אייר תשע"ז  -  ל״א בעומר   |   Friday, May 12, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business U.S. Stocks Rise as Energy Companies Rally With Oil Prices U.S. Stocks Rise as Energy Companies Rally With Oil Prices Wednesday, May 10, 2017 at 9:41 pm | י"ד אייר תשע"ז NEW YORK (AP) - Energy companies jumped with the price of oil Wednesday, but overall, stocks finished only slightly higher as a quiet week of trading continued. The price of U.S. crude oil jumped 3 percent as fuel stockpiles kept shrinking, and that made investors more optimistic about energy company profits. Strong earnings from Electronic Arts and chipmaker Nvidia helped technology stocks move up. However weak results from Priceline and Disney hurt consumer-focused companies, and health care stocks also stumbled as drug companies fell. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index picked up 2.71 points, or 0.1 percent, to 2,399.63, a fraction of a point above the all-time high it set Monday. The Dow Jones industrial average shed 32.67 points, or 0.2 percent, to 20,943.11 as Disney and Boeing slumped. The Nasdaq composite finished at a record for the fourth day in a row as it rose 8.56 points, or 0.1 percent, to 6,129.14. The Russell 2000 index of small-company stocks was up 7.73 points, or 0.6 percent, to 1,399.59. Benchmark U.S. crude surged $1.45, or 3.2 percent, to $47.33 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, the international standard, gained $1.49, or 3.1 percent, to $50.22 a barrel in London EOG Resources gained $2.90, or 3.2 percent, to $94.54 and Chevron added $1.42, or 1.4 percent, to $106.50. Crude oil prices have fallen in recent weeks as investors wondered if the members of OPEC and other key oil-producing countries will be able to limit production and support prices. U.S. oil has traded between around $45 and $55 a barrel this year as investors worried about oil prices and profits at energy companies. The S&P 500’s energy sector has dropped 10 percent in 2017. Revenue for online booking service Priceline was a bit lower than analysts expected and the company’s profit forecast for the current quarter was also disappointing. That sent the stock down $86.72, or 4.5 percent, to $1,824.41. Priceline has soared 44 percent over the last 12 months. Boeing lost $2.31, or 1.2 percent, to $183.18 after it suspended test flights of its new 737 Max plane because of possible problems with a key engine part. Watchmaker Fossil tumbled after another weaker-than-expected quarterly report. The company said sales of traditional watches and other jewelry continued to fall. The stock fell $3.71, or 20.4 percent, to $14.44. The stock traded above $100 a share as recently as December 2014 but has been trading at eight-year lows. Bond prices rose early but later returned that gain. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note remained at 2.41 percent. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 5 cents to $1.54 a gallon. Heating oil added 3 cents to $1.48 a gallon. Natural gas climbed 7 cents to $3.29 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold inched up $2.80 to settle at $1,218.90 an ounce. Silver rose 14 cents to $16.21 an ounce. Copper was unchanged at $2.49 a pound. The dollar rose to 114.33 yen from 114.28 yen. The euro dipped to $1.0862 from $1.0869. In Britain, the FTSE 100 jumped 0.6 percent. Germany’s DAX rose 0.1 percent and the CAC 40 in France finished unchanged. The Japanese Nikkei 225 gained 0.3 percent and Hong Kong’s Hang Seng index rose 0.5 percent. The Kospi of South Korea fell 1 percent. Filed under: Dow Jones, Nasdaq, S&P, Stocks Print Email Gmail Related U.S. Stocks Rise as Energy Companies Rally With Oil Prices U.S. Stocks Rise as Health Care And Energy Companies Soar  Stocks Rally Again as Banks and Industrial Companies Rise U.S. Stocks Rise as Energy Stocks Rally After Big Slump Oil Prices Lift the Market Again as Energy Stocks Rally  More in Business Business Briefs – May 11, 2017 Disappointing Retail Earnings Drag on U.S. Stocks; Oil Rises Lower Sales Drag Down Macy’s Profit, Results Miss Forecast Uber Suffers Setback as EU Court Aide Says It’s More Than an App Verizon Wins Bidding War With AT&T for Straight Path OP-ED Yes: Even as It Takes Shape, Trumpcare’s A Sure Bet to Beat Obamacare A Matter of Influence The Firing of James Comey Let the Ears Hear What the Mouth Is Saying The Only Thing That Matters Who is Really Responsible for Health-Care Ills? Open Season on the Orthodox Resistance and Respect: Diametrically Opposed Values Le Pen’s Victory A Boost for the Poor Makes Everyone Richer Problems the Republican Health Plan Doesn’t Solve Legislative Action Needed On Religious Rights The Third Friend Seize the Opportunity on Tax Reform Features This Day In History 16 Iyar/May 12 Nichum Aveilim 16 Iyar/May 12 Editorial Cartoon – May 12, 2017 שמחה שלא כדרך הטבע Sudoku – May 12, 2017 Explosive Exteriors Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav Valuable Pains Rosh Hashanah, Shofar, and Akeidas Hadaas This Day In History 15 Iyar/May 11 Nichum Aveilim 15 Iyar/May 11 Poke Fun Fitness Guru Has 10 Tips for People Unhappy With Their Weight. Why? She’s Been There. Four Healthy Habits to Start in the ‘Real World’ Weather » Brooklyn 51°F Clear See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,115.96 -13.18 (-0.22%) S&P 500 2,394.44 -5.19 (-0.22%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9198 GBP 0.7758 ILS 3.6093 CHF 1.0077 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 11 May 2017 | MYT 8:53 AM Oil prices rise Thursday on falling US crude stocks, Saudi supply cut to Asia Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil prices, were at $50.33 per barrel at 0039 GMT on Thursday, up 11 cents, or 0.2 percent, from their last close. U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude oil futures <CLc1> were trading at $47.46 per barrel, up 13 cents, or 0.3 percent from the last settlement. SINGAPORE: Oil prices rose on Thursday, and Brent was firmly back over $50 per barrel, as a fall in U.S. crude inventories and a more severe than expected cut in Saudi supplies to Asia tightened the market. Brent crude futures, the international benchmark for oil prices, were at $50.33 per barrel at 0039 GMT on Thursday, up 11 cents, or 0.2 percent, from their last close. U.S. West Texas Intermediate crude oil futures <CLc1> were trading at $47.46 per barrel, up 13 cents, or 0.3 percent from the last settlement. "We saw the biggest draw in inventories for the year last week with stockpiles down more than 5 million barrels. And it looks like OPEC's production cut is finally biting," said Greg McKenna, chief market strategist at CFD and FX provider AxiTrader. The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and other producers including Russia have pledged to cut output by almost 1.8 million barrels per day (bpd) during the first half of the year. So far, however, there have been few signs that global markets are actually tightening as producers shielded their biggest customers, especially in Asia, from the cuts. But after Brent prices fell back below $50 per barrel last week, analysts said producers felt forced to act. Saudi Arabia, the world's biggest oil exporter, has notified several Asian refiners of its first cuts in crude allocations for regional buyers since OPEC's output reduction took effect in January. Reuters reported on Tuesday that state-owned Saudi Aramco will reduce oil supplies to Asian customers by about 7 million barrels in June. In the United States, U.S. crude stockpiles posted their biggest one-week drawdown since December last week as imports dropped sharply, while inventories of refined products also fell. Crude inventories <USOILC=ECI> fell 5.2 million barrels in the week to May 5, the U.S. Energy Information Administration said. At 522.5 million barrels, crude stocks were the lowest since February. - Reuters Tags / Keywords: Oil & Gas , Commodities , Stocks , Investing , Markets Related Stories You May Be Interested Breakfast briefing: Friday, May 12 (Update) Mega deal loss spells joy for UMW Oil & Gas EU demands urgent talks with Washington over airline laptop ban TNB completes 50% acquisition of Vortex Solar Ringgit flat against US$ early Friday Seven reasons to get an iPhone now Others Also Read Food to satisfy all tastebuds New one-way road to ease congestion US judge calls for criminal probe into trade secrets theft raised in Uber case Property Related advertisement Latest News China launches emergency probe on banks to check risky lending Thai Q1 GDP growth seen at fastest pace in 4 years Najib confident DFTZ will be new hub of digital economy March natural rubber output down 7.4% Noble Group plunges for second day, surprise loss stokes debt worries Most Viewed in Business Johari: Arul Kanda removed from Bandar Malaysia Mega deal loss spells joy for UMW Oil & Gas EPF sells UK office building to Chinese Estates for RM980mil Noble Group plunges for second day, surprise loss stokes debt worries High school dropout turns billionaire Sarawak timber companies take a hit from higher taxes Genting, Maybank shore up KLCI at midday Southeast Asia ride-hailing service Grab says open to more acquisitions Najib confident DFTZ will be new hub of digital economy Astro launches NJOI Now advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:05 GMT, May 12, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeViral ‘No flags & footprints’: Buzz Aldrin’s plan for colonizing Mars means no more ISS Published time: 11 May, 2017 00:18 Get short URL The International Space Station © NASA Space travel pioneer and former NASA astronaut Buzz Aldrin’s bold vision for mankind’s future in space includes NASA ditching the International Space Station and focusing exclusively on getting humans to Mars. "We must retire the ISS as soon as possible… We simply cannot afford $3.5 billion a year of that cost," Aldrin said Tuesday when speaking at the 2017 Humans to Mars conference in Washington, DC. Aldrin believes NASA’s efforts and financial resources should be devoted to getting humans to Mars. He said that Low Earth Orbit (LEO) missions around the Earth would be better suited to private industry, such as SpaceX, Orbital ATK, Blue Origin and Boeing among others. READ MORE: A step closer to Mars: SpaceX test fires ‘world’s most powerful rocket’ (VIDEO) Former astronaut Buzz Aldrin © Kevin Lamarque / Reuters Bigelow Aerospace, Axiom Space and other private companies should install their own space stations in orbit, freeing up NASA scientists and their vast expertise, for the arguably more important goal of transforming humanity into an interplanetary species. In an ideal scenario, there would be high levels of cooperation and coordination between private enterprise from across the globe, especially between the forerunners – US, Russia and China, which aims to establish its own orbital station by the early 2020s. Such cooperation may be easier said than done, however. Aldrin’s plan for colonizing Mars depends on private industry handling the grunt work closer to home and acting as a resupply base for ‘cyclers,’ or cargo spaceships that would run in a continuous loop between the Red Planet and Earth. His plan is firmly grounded in reality though, drawing on his own experiences with spaceflight. "The foundation of human transportation is the cycler," the 87-year-old NASA pioneer said. "Very rugged, so it'll last 30 years or so; no external moving parts." READ MORE: Cosmic concrete ideal for Mars can make Red Planet settlement a reality Stage one would involve establishing a more diverse orbital presence before constructing a series of cyclers that would run between LEO and the moon with a view to creating a lunar base. Such a base would, in turn, allow scientists to develop the tools and techniques necessary to effectively colonize Mars while simultaneously reducing the overall risk, given the extraordinarily high up front cost of transporting materials and people to the Red Planet. In terms of a rough timeline, Aldrin estimates that with sufficient willpower and the correct allocation of resources, mankind could manage a crewed mission to a near-Earth asteroid by 2020 and a Venus flyby by 2024. With regards the Red Planet, he is a little more realistic than optimistic. READ MORE: Happy Martian New Year: NASA’s alien imagery from the Red Planet (PHOTOS) He believes that, with all elements running as smoothly and effectively as humanly possible, the first Martian colonies could be established by the early 2030s. The first humans on Mars, in Aldrin’s vision, would be settlers, not tourists. "Let's be certain that we've developed a sustainable plan to stay on Mars," he said. "No flags and footprints this time." At present, ISS has enough funding to last until 2024, but officials from both the Russian Federal Space Agency and NASA have considered the possibility pumping additional funding into the billion-dollar enterprise to increase its lifespan until 2028. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Market commentary from Anthony Mirhaydari for InvestorPlace Stocks threaten to break down amid Comey turmoil James Comey's firing clouds mixed day of trading S&P 500 drifts aimlessly as May doldrums continue Dow crawls despite Apple surge Dow retakes 21,000 on strong job gains Stocks stall amid commodities crush, big tech weakness Stocks mixed as Federal Reserve signals June rate hike Stocks mixed as market euphoria deepens Nasdaq goes vertical as volume wanes ahead of Fed Stocks lower, but finish out April with gains Stocks end mixed on big tech earnings blitz James Comey’s Firing Clouds Mixed Day of Trading 2 / 11 InvestorPlace Anthony Mirhaydari 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Stocks threaten to break down amid Comey turmoil S&P 500 drifts aimlessly as May doldrums continue Click to expand Replay Video Auto loan fraud on the rise FBN's Liz MacDonald breaks down the costs of auto loan fraud. Fox Business Everything we know about the next iPhone — including a completely new look For months, rumors have been circulating about what Apple will cram into the next iPhone. Here's a round up of everything that might be in the iPhone 8. Business Insider This is the new American Dream As millennial home ownership declines, is the future of real estate to buy or to rent? The Wall Street Journal. SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Wall St ends mixed after Trump fires FBI chief Reuters See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Auto loan fraud on the rise Fox Business0:35 Everything we know about the next iPhone — including a completely new look Business Insider2:20 This is the new American Dream The Wall Street Journal.2:41 Why Venezuela still looks like this BBC News1:01 Macy's, Sears, Target: The retail industry continues to struggle Fox Business1:04 International travel has changed: What you need to know The Wall Street Journal.2:11 5 things to give up if you want be a millionaire CNBC1:03 Victoria's Secret Angels praise perfect Paris Associated Press1:14 Jobless claims lowest since 1988 Wochit Business0:40 SpaceX successfully tests its biggest rocket so far Newsy0:43 Meet Chuck, the robot helping warehouse fulfillment Bloomberg2:17 Why Snap's shares plunged after first earnings Reuters1:25 The Peanuts characters were just sold Veuer0:30 The net worth of former FBI Director James Comey GOBankingRates0:36 Tesla is taking orders for its premium solar roofs Wochit Tech0:45 Do you hate your chip card? The Wall Street Journal.0:36 UP NEXT Video by Reuters Quotes in the article Electronic Arts Inc EA ▲ 108.58 +0.42 +0.39% Boeing Co BA ▲ 183.94 +0.76 +0.41% Yelp Inc YELP ▲ 29.30 +0.97 +3.42% NVIDIA Corp NVDA ▲ 126.50 +5.21 +4.30% AdChoices U.S. equities once again danced around the unchanged line on Wednesday. The lack of volatility remained as headlines were filled with the fallout from President Donald Trump’s decision on Tuesday to fire FBI Director James Comey. The political chaos that has resulted (with many calling it a constitutional crisis, despite the move being well within Trump’s executive powers) has many worried that the White House’s legislative agenda will be slowed. So while there were some flurries of excitement after a big mid-day drop in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) on reports of 737 MAX engine issues, there wasn’t much to move the broader indices. Read more from Anthony Mirhaydari and other top money experts In the end, the Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 0.2%, the S&P 500 gained 0.1%, the Nasdaq Composite gained 0.1% and the Russell 2000 gained 0.6%. Treasury bonds were unchanged, the dollar was lower overall, gold gained 0.2%, and crude oil rallied 3.2% after a surprise inventory draw (the largest since 2016 despite U.S. production back to 2015 levels).© Provided by InvestorPlace Dow Jones Industrial Average Volume was 101% of the New York Stock Exchange’s 30-day average, while breadth was positive, with 1.9 advancers for every decliner. Energy led the way with a 1.1% gain while industrials were the laggards, down 0.4%. 9 Dividend Stocks to Buy for 6%-Plus Yields A few of the day’s single-stock highlights: Nvidia Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA) surged 16.8% after a top- and bottom-line beat as datacenter sales more than compensated for some softness in gaming GPU sales. Electronic Arts Inc. (NASDAQ:EA) gained 13.5% on better-than-expected earnings thanks to solid performances from the company’s FIFA and Battlefield titles. And in a rare bout of good news for the beleaguered retail sector, turnaround play Abercrombie & Fitch Co (NYSE:ANF) gained 12.6% after Reuters reported the company is receiving takeover interest. On the downside, watchmaker Fossil Group Inc (NASDAQ:FOSL) dropped 21.4% on mixed Q1 results and lowered guidance amid persistent headwinds for the traditional watch category and a lack of traction in its wearables initiatives. Yelp Inc (NYSE:YELP) lost 18.8% on in-line results and weak forward guidance thanks to higher customer churn. Walt Disney Co (NYSE:DIS) fell 2.4% amid ongoing pressure on its cable business as higher costs weighed on ESPN. That boosted the May $114 DIS puts recommended to Edge Pro subscribers to a 124% gain. © Provided by InvestorPlace Disney stock chart And after the bell, Snap Inc (NYSE:SNAP) took a 25%-plus bath on weak revenues and user growth. Looking ahead, Thursday will feature an update on inflation with the release of the producer price index data ahead of Friday’s retail sales report. Both will likely provide further support for very strong expectations of another Federal Reserve interest rate hike next month. Anthony Mirhaydari is founder of the Edge (ETFs) and Edge Pro (Options) investment advisory newsletters.   Free two- and four-week trial offers have been extended to MSN Money readers. Previous Next Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace Macy’s Inc (M) Stock Is Cratering, But That Doesn’t Make It A Buy Yet InvestorPlace UnitedHealth Group Inc (UNH) Wins No Matter the Healthcare Outcome InvestorPlace Aldi to Sell Groceries for 21% Less Than Wal-Mart, Others InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage West African gas pipeline project to be reinvigorated 2017-05-11 23:35:59 GMT2017-05-12 07:35:59(Beijing Time) Xinhua English COTONOU, May 11 (Xinhua) -- A regional meeting is expected on Friday in the capital Cotonou to eliminate bottlenecks that impede the good operation of the West African gas pipeline project (WAGP). According to an official release issued on Thursday in the economic capital Cotonou, the committee of ministers of WAGP and the commissioner of mining and energy of Ecowas will hold the meeting to that effect. "The meeting of Cotonou is initiated by Benin's minister responsible of mining and energy. It is purposed to seek ways and means to eliminate the bottlenecks that impede the smooth operation of the project," the release said. The West African gas pipeline project (WAGP) is a private-public based enterprise that includes Benin, Togo, Ghana and Nigeria which is the main provider of gas resources. It is designed to enable a community use of the gas from Nigeria for electricity production and affordable, good quality and quantity industrial heat production. Initiated in September 1995, WAGP commenced commercial production from March 2011 and faced several challenges. These are a weak satisfaction to the demand for gas due to vandalism on export pipelines in Niger Delta in Nigeria, financial difficulties of the West African gas pipeline company and cumulated arrears of billings of Volta River Authority (VRA) of Ghana. In aggregate, Chevron-Texaco, Shell, NNPC from Nigeria, Volta River Authority (VRA) hold 96 percent participation in the project, while BenGAZ SA from Benin and SOTOGAZ from Togo hold each 2 percent participation. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN The Journal Record Home About Us Contact Us FAQ Reuse policy Subscriber Access Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Video Instagram News General News Real Estate Energy Health Care Capitol Law Finance Nonprofit Tribal Aerospace briefs Events Achievers Under 40 Beacon Awards Innovator of the Year Most Admired CEOs Woman of the Year Community Commentary Submit a Story Guest opinions People on the Move Marketplace Digital Edition Archives Book of Lists Special Publications Lists Reprint Service Photos New Oklahoma Incorporations Real Estate Advertise Print advertising Online advertising Classifieds Legislative Report Public Notice Subscribe Manage Account Home About Us Contact Us FAQ Reuse policy Subscriber Access Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Video Instagram News General News Real Estate Energy Health Care Capitol Law Finance Nonprofit Tribal Aerospace briefs Events Achievers Under 40 Beacon Awards Innovator of the Year Most Admired CEOs Woman of the Year Community Commentary Submit a Story Guest opinions People on the Move Marketplace Digital Edition Archives Book of Lists Special Publications Lists Reprint Service Photos New Oklahoma Incorporations Real Estate Advertise Print advertising Online advertising Classifieds Legislative Report Public Notice Home / Opinion / Around Town / Around Town: Bowling for Sunbeam Around Town: Bowling for Sunbeam By: Lillie-Beth Brinkman The Journal Record May 11, 2017 0 Lillie-Beth Brinkman Sunbeam Family Services young professionals board is hosting a bowling tournament fundraiser on Thursday, May 25. In keeping with the light/sunlight theme of many of its events, the tournament is called the Glow-For-It bowling tournament and hosted by the Beacons, the young professionals group. Bowl at 6 p.m. May 25 at the AMF Boulevard Lanes in Edmond. Team registration is $250 for up to six people per team; individual registration is $45 for adults and $20 for children under 12. Prizes will be awarded. Sunbeam Family Services is a great organization that I’ve had the privilege of working with over the last year, including as a volunteer on the committee for its recent Shine a Light fundraiser. I also love that it has been around for more than a century providing services for those in the community who need it the most – from children to the elderly and families of all ages in between. To learn more and to register, go to sunbeamfamilyservices.org. Jazz in June in Norman The 34th annual Jazz in June Festival in Norman has announced its lineup for the festival June 15-17. Musicians include: Lonnie Smith, a winner of the National Endowment for the Arts’ Jazz Masters Award, the highest honor in jazz; Mike Hosty and Jamie Oldaker; Harold Lopez-Nussa Trio with Ruy Lopez-Nussa and Alune Wade; Victor & Penny and Their Loose Change Orchestra; Caleb McGee and The Underdogs, Claire Piersol Band; and Ardent Spirits. The festival also includes jam sessions, a children’s music clinic and four technical clinics. For more information, go to jazzinjune.org. Science Museum’s Space Day Science Museum Oklahoma hosted more than 1,900 students from 28 schools across the state and even Kansas during its recent Space Day. These students got to do things like build rockets propelled by chemical reactions, participate in team competitions to identify planets and moons, experience the difficulties of working in space suits and more, a news release noted. The event was sponsored by Boeing and facilitated by museum educators and volunteers from Boeing, Chesapeake Energy, Microsoft, OG&E, SandRidge Energy and students from the University of Oklahoma School of Aerospace and Mechanical Engineering. “Space Day is one way we nurture the natural curiosity of young people and show them how science and engineering solve real-world problems,” said Jenny Hatton, Boeing community investor, in a news release. Lillie-Beth Brinkman is handling Joan Gilmore’s Around Town column while she is on leave. Send press releases and information to lbsbok@gmail.com, or request her mailing address. Share this: Email Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google Around Town Jazz in June Lillie-Beth Brinkman Science Museum Oklahoma Sunbeam Family Services 6:30 pm Thu, May 11, 2017 The Journal Record Lillie-Beth Brinkman Tagged with: Around Town Jazz in June Lillie-Beth Brinkman Science Museum Oklahoma Sunbeam Family Services Related Articles Free Market Friday: Capping vital deductions is bad policy May 11, 2017 Hamilton: Gambling away a revenue-generating package May 11, 2017 Lot Lines: UCO’s London research tour May 11, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Editor’s Picks Small oil companies fight drilling bill by Sarah Terry-Cobo Insiders: Still too many problems like Tate's by Brian Brus Legislature rolls the dice on revenue by Catherine Sweeney Revenue bill could hurt charities by Catherine Sweeney Power company criticizes regulators, seeks higher return by Sarah Terry-Cobo Special Reports Company left Hugo with unsafe water Poor construction at Moore schools Human Trafficking: The bonds that bind them Briefs Omni Air Transport expands fleet May 11, 2017 Educational Development Corp. sales increase May 11, 2017 Officials resign after arresting councilor’s son May 11, 2017 Bedré Fine Chocolate expands distribution May 11, 2017 OU receives $1M gift for engineering building May 11, 2017 Main Street awards presented May 11, 2017 Fees cut for OCSP account holders May 11, 2017 AG seeks policy change on Medicaid cases May 11, 2017 Paycom to sponsor Jim Thorpe Award May 11, 2017 House Democrats choose next leader May 11, 2017 National News Email Alerts Enter Your Email Address: Daily Email Update Event Notification Top Posts & Pages Legislature rolls the dice on revenue Discourse gets coarse as politicians take to Twitter Right Thinking: Freeing ourselves from a concocted crisis Reader Rankings 2017 Small oil companies fight drilling bill Featured Opinion Around Town: Bowling for SunbeamSunbeam Family Services young professionals board is hosting a bowling tournament fundraiser on Thursday, May 25. Daily Cartoon May 11, 2017 May 10, 2017 People on the Move Commission names rehabilitation services director May 10, 2017 Doe joins Koch as account director May 10, 2017 UCO professor appointed to Air Quality Council May 10, 2017 Bellmer presented Distinguished Alumni award May 8, 2017 My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts Trump’s new trade rep poised to take stern stance on China Removal of Confederate icons stirs nuanced, varied reactions May 12, 2017 Omni Air Transport expands fleet $54 million fight over vacant Superman Building settled Journal Record ABOUT CONTACT US FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS DOLAN BUSINESS BOOKS LAWYERS WEEKLY BOOKS Copyright © 2017 The Journal Record | 101 N. Robinson Ave, Ste. 101, Oklahoma City, OK 73102 | (405)235-3100 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Danish firm Maersk reports first quarterly revenue growth since 2014 2017-05-11 22:16:04 GMT2017-05-12 06:16:04(Beijing Time) Xinhua English COPENHAGEN, May 11 (Xinhua) -- The Danish oil and shipping giant A.P. Moller-Maersk announced on Thursday that the group delivered revenue of 9 billion U.S. dollars for the first quarter of 2017, 5 percent up from the same period of last year. The growth, the first time since the third quarter of 2014, was due to revenue growth in Maersk Line and Maersk Oil, the group said in its quarterly financial report. Revenue increased by 424 million dollars, with significant increases of 343 million dollars or 33 percent in Maersk Oil, and 519 million dollars or 10 percent in Maersk Line, according to the report. However, the increase was partly countered by a decrease of 310 million dollars in Maersk Drilling and 62 million dollars in Maersk Supply Service, Maersk said. According to the report, Maersk registered a 13 percent rise in profit to 253 million dollars in the first three months, with a return on invested capital (ROIC) of 3.5 percent, which is in line with expectations. The underlying profit of 201 million dollars was at the same level as last year, reflecting an increase of 321 million dollars in Maersk Oil due to higher oil price and lower operating expenses, offset by decreases in almost all other businesses. "Whilst we can not be satisfied with the overall profitability in the first quarter, the result is as expected and we reiterate our guidance for the year for the group," said Soren Skou, CEO of A.P. Moller-Maersk. "We delivered year-on-year revenue growth for the first time since Q3 2014 in line with our ambitions to become a growth company again," Skou added. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Chicago agricultural commodities settle mixed 2017-05-11 22:15:57 GMT2017-05-12 06:15:57(Beijing Time) Xinhua English CHICAGO, May 11 (Xinhua) -- Chicago Board of Trade (CBOT) grains futures closed mixed on Thursday with soybean futures hitting one and half-week low, pressured by follow-through weakness after Wednesday's poor technical close and some farmer selling. Corn futures sagged as forecasts called for improving weather in the U.S. Midwest, where wet conditions have stalled planting in some areas. Wheat futures were modestly higher. The most active corn contract for July delivery dropped 4.5 cents, or 1.2 percent, to settle at 3.6925 dollars per bushel. July wheat delivery rose 2 cents, or 0.46 percent, to close at 4.3375 dollars per bushel. July soybeans fell 4 cent, or 0.41 percent, to 9.6625 dollars per bushel. Corn prices rose on Wednesday after the U.S. Department of Agriculture said U.S. inventories at the end of the marketing year on May 31 would total 2.29 billion bushels, missing estimates for 2.33 billion bushels. Wheat stockpiles were pegged at 1.15 billion bushels, missing forecasts for a total of 1.16 billion bushels. After corn prices rose nearly 2 percent on Wednesday, investors who'd made money on the market are likely selling to take profits, analysts said. Weather forecasts are also calling for rain to stop for a few days, giving growers a chance to accelerate planting next week. As much as six times the normal amount of rain has fallen in the past two weeks in much of Illinois and Indiana, keeping producers out of fields. Drier weather should allow the pace of planting to improve, analysts said. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Brazil officially declares Zika national health emergency is over 2017-05-11 22:16:20 GMT2017-05-12 06:16:20(Beijing Time) Xinhua English BRASILIA, May 11 (Xinhua) -- Brazil's Health Ministry declared on Thursday that the country's public health emergency as a consequence of the Zika virus is over. The combination of actions to eliminate the Aedes aegypti mosquito by the government and the population is attributed for the reduction in cases. However, Brazil's Secretary of Health Vigilance, Adeilson Cavalcante, highlighted that the fight will continue against the Aedes aegypti. "The end of the emergency does not mean the end of vigilance and assistance. The Health Ministry and other relevant bodies will continue their policy to fight Zika, dengue and chikungunya, across all states and municipalities," he said. By April 15, 7,911 cases of Zika had been registered across Brazil this year, compared to 170,535 cases throughout 2016. In 2017, Brazil has confirmed 230 cases of microcephaly and associated nervous disorders in children linked to Zika, for a total of 2,653 since November 2015. While 80 percent of Zika sufferers present no symptoms, the infection can cause fever, a rash and headaches in adults. The larger risk is for pregnant women as their infection can lead to microcephaly and other conditions in fetuses, sometimes leading to death. The epidemic in Brazil, which spread to other countries, also sparked a scientific rush of cooperation to respond to this health emergency. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage U.S. dollar falls despite upbeat economic data 2017-05-11 22:16:19 GMT2017-05-12 06:16:19(Beijing Time) Xinhua English NEW YORK, May 11 (Xinhua) -- The U.S. dollar decreased against most major currencies on Thursday despite positive economic data from the country. In the week ending May 6, the advance figure for seasonally adjusted initial claims was 236,000, a decrease of 2,000 from the previous week's unrevised level of 238,000, the Labor Department said on Thursday. In a separate report, the department said the seasonally adjusted Producer Price Index for final demand advanced 0.5 percent in April. Analysts said the dollar was under pressure amid concerns after U.S. President Donald Trump unexpectedly dismissed the Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey, but the outlook of the greenback is still bright as positive data bolstered market speculation for a June rate-hike. The dollar index, which measures the greenback against six major peers, was down 0.06 percent at 99.614 in late trading. In late New York trading, the euro rose to 1.0868 dollars from 1.0858 dollars, and the British pound fell to 1.2886 dollars from 1.2936 U.S. dollars in the previous session. The Australian dollar increased to 0.7375 U.S. dollar from 0.7367 U.S. dollar. The U.S. dollar bought 113.93 Japanese yen, lower than 114.32 yen of the previous session. The U.S. dollar fell to 1.0071 Swiss francs from 1.0094 Swiss francs, and it edged up to 1.3690 Canadian dollars from 1.3670 Canadian dollars. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage EU official pledges full support for Ireland's Brexit talks 2017-05-11 22:16:02 GMT2017-05-12 06:16:02(Beijing Time) Xinhua English DUBLIN, May 11 (Xinhua) -- EU Chief Brexit Negotiator Michel Barnier on Thursday pledged full EU support for Ireland's Brexit negotiations, saying that Ireland's interest will be the Union's interest. "Today, in front of these two houses, I want to reassure the Irish people: in this negotiation Ireland's interest will be the Union's interest," said Barnier, while delivering a speech to a joint sitting of the upper and lower houses of Irish parliament. "We are in this negotiation together and a united EU will be here for you," he said. Because of its historical, geographical and economic ties with the UK, Ireland is in a unique position, according to Barnier. "With the depreciation of the sterling, Brexit is already having an impact on the value of Irish exports to the UK. In particular, the agri-food sector," he said. "If the conditions are right, a close partnership with the UK is in everybody's interest. And in Ireland's interest in particular," he added. Barnier said the UK has been a member of the EU for 44 years and that it should remain a close partner with the EU. At a summit held in Brussels on April 29, the leaders of the 27 remaining EU countries adopted unanimously the Brexit guidelines. According to the guidelines, the EU, throughout the negotiations, will maintain unity and act as one with the aim of reaching a result that is "fair and equitable for all member states and in the interest of its citizens." The two year timeframe of Brexit negotiations ends on March 29, 2019. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Sudan's PM announces new government 2017-05-11 22:16:07 GMT2017-05-12 06:16:07(Beijing Time) Xinhua English KHARTOUM, May 11 (Xinhua) -- Sudan's Prime Minister Hassan Saleh on Thursday announced a new government, with economic ministers being replaced. Mohamed Othman Rukabi, a former army lieutenant general, was appointed as finance minister, Saleh said. Mubarak Fadel al-Mahdi was appointed as minister of investment, while Abdulrahman Othman Abdulrahman was appointed as oil minister. Saleh also said that Hamed al-Mannan was appointed as minister of interior. The ruling National Congress Party(NCP) has dominated the majority of sovereign ministries, namely defense, foreign affairs, oil, finance, education and electricity. The new government was scheduled to be announced last February, but was delayed due to differences within the parties. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Market to Grow at a CAGR of 12.7% by 2021 - Growing Demand for Composite-based UAV Landing Gears - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 11 May, 2017, 17:30 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Market 2017-2021" report to their offering. The global UAV market to grow at a CAGR of 12.7% during the period 2017-2021. The report, Global UAV Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. 3D printing production refers to the process of synthesizing successive layers of materials with the support of computerized control technology to produce an object or component. This process enables manufacturers to design and manufacture small and micro-components of any shape or size and allows the producers to decrease the overall weight of the components. Additionally, the method allows cost-efficient and just-in-time (JIT) production of parts. According to the report, the threats to operating low-density high-demand UAVs are increasingly rising owing to the exponential technological growth, coupled with the proliferation of surface-to-air missiles. Employing such UAVs may reduce the flexibility and capability of commanding officers addressing a combat situation, unless these high-value UAVs are supported by small and miniaturized UAVs. Further, the report states that the demand for secure communications has led to increased and efficient use of telecommunication spectrum. With changing nature of modern warfare, use of dynamic spectrum, which is already heavily congested, becomes more difficult during conflict or disaster relief operations. Similarly, the growing popularity of mobile warfare is reflecting a large volume of data consumption and transfer, resulting in excessive load on the available wireless spectrum. Key vendors AeroVironment Boeing DJI Elbit Systems General Atomics Aeronautical Systems (GA-ASI) Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) Northrop Grumman Other prominent vendors Aeronautics Aeyron Labs Aibotix BAE Systems Blue Bear Systems Others Key Market Trends: Growing acceptance of 3D printing technology Emergence of alternative energy-powered UAVs Growing demand for composite-based UAV landing gears Preference for indigenous military UAV development Key Topics Covered: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Market landscape PART 06: Market segmentation by application PART 07: Market segmentation by UAV type PART 08: Geographical segmentation PART 09: Decision framework PART 10: Drivers and challenges PART 11: Market trends PART 12: Vendor landscape PART 13: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/n45cm6/global_unmanned Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-unmanned-aerial-vehicle-uav-market-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-127-by-2021---growing-demand-for-composite-based-uav-landing-gears---research-and-markets-300456057.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 11 May, 2017, 17:45 ET Preview: Global Metal Coatings Market to Grow at a CAGR of 6% by 2021: Base Shift to Emerging Economies by European Vendors - Research and Markets 11 May, 2017, 17:30 ET Preview: Global Healthcare Analytics/ Medical Analytics Market 2017-2021: Growing Pressure to Curb Healthcare Spending, and the Need for Improved Patient Outcomes - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 11 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Global Transplantation Market to Grow at a CAGR of 9.76% by 2021:... 11 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Research and Markets - Global Automotive Variable Geometry... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) Market to Grow at a CAGR of 12.7% by 2021 - Growing Demand for Composite-based UAV Landing Gears - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 11 May, 2017, 17:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Program Management Corner Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > AWIN_MRO > Hydraulic Systems Keep Evolving; MRO Options Expand You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Hydraulic Systems Keep Evolving; MRO Options Expand In the future, electrical motors and electric drives could be embedded with hydraulic systems May 12, 2017 Ben Hargreaves | Inside MRO EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 This month’s maiden flight of the Comac C919, the largest commercial airliner designed and built in China since the defunct Y-10, marks a major milestone in China’s long-term goal to compete with Boeing, Airbus and Bombardier. But the C919 has relied on extensive Western input for its design and manufacturing. Nowhere is this more the case than in the new aircraft’s hydraulic systems. For example, Parker Aerospace, part of Parker Hannifin, provides all of the key fluid ... THIS CONTENT REQUIRES SUBSCRIPTION ACCESS You must have an Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) account or subscribe to this Market Briefing to access "Hydraulic Systems Keep Evolving; MRO Options Expand".   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.   Not currently a subscriber? Click on the "Learn More" button below to view subscription offers. Learn More Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Next Steps In Harnessing Big Data For MRO   Opinion: Keeping F-35, Bomber Contractors’ Feet To The Fire 94   U.S. Air Force Secretary: Service May Delay A-10 Retirement 226   Why Airlines, Aftermarket Struggle With Digital Record-Keeping 10 How Inflight Entertainment And Communications Will Evolve 1   Advertisement Inside the Knowledge Center Access our growing collection of digital resources from thought leaders around the industry. Aug 21, 2016 White Paper AviationWeek.com Lean Six Sigma to Reduce Aircraft Turnaround Time and Improve On-Time Performance In the simplest terms, airlines need to maximize the value of their aircraft by increasing profits from time in the air while decreasing the costs and time on the ground. Efficient aircraft ground operations are fundamental to meeting customer service expectations...More Apr 13, 2017 Sponsored AviationWeek.com Digital Continuity Throughout Production Aircraft, aircraft completions, and the aftermarket business drive significant revenue for Aerospace and Defense manufacturers....More Oct 7, 2016 Webinar Aviation Week’s 2016 Workforce Study Aviation Week’s 2016 Workforce Study highlights several data points about the aerospace and defense industry and how companies are doing in terms of identifying, hiring and keeping the best talent....More Apr 13, 2017 Sponsored AviationWeek.com Production Floor Trends Making jigs and fixtures using additive manufacturing provides dramatic cost savings compared to conventional machining. But the savings involve more than how the tools are made....More Aug 21, 2016 White Paper Aviation Week 2016 Workforce Study For the past 20 years, Aviation Week has conducted the Workforce Study to answer some basic questions about the aerospace & defense (A&D) industry’s ability to meet ever-changing customer requirements through the innovation, ingenuity and capability of its people....More Knowledge Center Home Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Advanced Machines for Aerospace Manufacturing Sponsored by: Makino...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Special Topics Home Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman QuoteMedia, Inc. (QMCI: OTCQB) | QuoteMedia Announces Financial Results for Q1 2017 May 11, 2017 OTC Disclosure & News Service – PHOENIX, May 11, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — QuoteMedia, Inc. (OTCQB:QMCI), a leading provider of market data, financial web content solutions and cloud-based applications, announced financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2017.  These results reflect first quarter revenue of $2,288,453, up from $2,168,866 in the comparative period in 2016, an increase of $119,587 (6%). “We are pleased with the revenue growth we are now experiencing,” says CEO Keith Guelpa.  “We are seeing a growing demand for all product lines, and particularly for our QMod line of responsive, SEO-friendly HTML5 market data widgets, and for our enterprise deployments of the Quotestream line of financial data applications.” “Throughout 2017 we will continue our development efforts, expand our product lines and broaden our data coverage, including significantly increasing our coverage of international markets. We are moving forward with several promising new partnerships and opportunities, and we are expecting to see continued revenue growth for the remainder of 2017.” About QuoteMedia QuoteMedia is a leading software developer and cloud-based syndicator of financial market information and streaming financial data solutions to media, corporations, online brokerages, and financial services companies. The Company licenses interactive stock research tools such as streaming real-time quotes, market research, news, charting, option chains, filings, corporate financials, insider reports, market indices, portfolio management systems, and data feeds. QuoteMedia provides data and services for companies such as the NASDAQ Stock Exchange, TMX Group (TSX Stock Exchange), Dow Jones & Company, FIS, U.S. Bank, Broadridge Financial Systems, Ridge Clearing, JP Morgan, CIBC, JitneyTrade, Hilltop Securities, HD Vest, Intrinsic Research Systems, ING Investment Management, Stockhouse, Zacks Investment Research, General Electric, Dow Chemical, Boeing, Bombardier, Business Wire, PR Newswire, Marketwired, FolioFN, Regal Securities, ChoiceTrade, Qtrade Financial, CNW Group, Schaeffer’s Investment Research, Industrial Alliance, TradeKing, Suncor, Virtual Brokers, Equities.com, Leede Jones Gable, Divy Inc., Motif Investing, First Financial, Cirano, Stock-Trak, Mergent and others. Quotestream®, QModTM and Quotestream ConnectTM are trademarks of QuoteMedia. For more information, please visit: www.quotemedia.com. Statements about QuoteMedia’s future expectations, including future revenue, earnings, and transactions, as well as all other statements in the press release other than historical facts are „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. QuoteMedia intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created thereby. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that are identified from time to time in the Company’s SEC reports and filings, and are subject to change at any time. QuoteMedia’s actual results and other corporate developments could differ materially from that which has been anticipated in such statements. 
QuoteMedia
Dave Shworan, (877) 311-9911 ext. 101
contactus@quotemedia.com
 Copyright © 2017 GlobeNewswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 3D Dental Scanner Market Segment and Manufacturers analysis by Region, Type and Applications Next PostNext Global ANPR Software Market 2017 – Vigilant Solutions, Elsag Search Recent Posts Orange County Training Launches DWI-Ignition Interlock Enforcement Initiative Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman QuoteMedia, Inc. (QMCI: OTCQB) | QuoteMedia Announces Financial Results for Q1 2017 May 11, 2017 OTC Disclosure & News Service – PHOENIX, May 11, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — QuoteMedia, Inc. (OTCQB:QMCI), a leading provider of market data, financial web content solutions and cloud-based applications, announced financial results for the three months ended March 31, 2017.  These results reflect first quarter revenue of $2,288,453, up from $2,168,866 in the comparative period in 2016, an increase of $119,587 (6%). “We are pleased with the revenue growth we are now experiencing,” says CEO Keith Guelpa.  “We are seeing a growing demand for all product lines, and particularly for our QMod line of responsive, SEO-friendly HTML5 market data widgets, and for our enterprise deployments of the Quotestream line of financial data applications.” “Throughout 2017 we will continue our development efforts, expand our product lines and broaden our data coverage, including significantly increasing our coverage of international markets. We are moving forward with several promising new partnerships and opportunities, and we are expecting to see continued revenue growth for the remainder of 2017.” About QuoteMedia QuoteMedia is a leading software developer and cloud-based syndicator of financial market information and streaming financial data solutions to media, corporations, online brokerages, and financial services companies. The Company licenses interactive stock research tools such as streaming real-time quotes, market research, news, charting, option chains, filings, corporate financials, insider reports, market indices, portfolio management systems, and data feeds. QuoteMedia provides data and services for companies such as the NASDAQ Stock Exchange, TMX Group (TSX Stock Exchange), Dow Jones & Company, FIS, U.S. Bank, Broadridge Financial Systems, Ridge Clearing, JP Morgan, CIBC, JitneyTrade, Hilltop Securities, HD Vest, Intrinsic Research Systems, ING Investment Management, Stockhouse, Zacks Investment Research, General Electric, Dow Chemical, Boeing, Bombardier, Business Wire, PR Newswire, Marketwired, FolioFN, Regal Securities, ChoiceTrade, Qtrade Financial, CNW Group, Schaeffer’s Investment Research, Industrial Alliance, TradeKing, Suncor, Virtual Brokers, Equities.com, Leede Jones Gable, Divy Inc., Motif Investing, First Financial, Cirano, Stock-Trak, Mergent and others. Quotestream®, QModTM and Quotestream ConnectTM are trademarks of QuoteMedia. For more information, please visit: www.quotemedia.com. Statements about QuoteMedia’s future expectations, including future revenue, earnings, and transactions, as well as all other statements in the press release other than historical facts are „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. QuoteMedia intends that such forward-looking statements be subject to the safe harbors created thereby. These statements involve risks and uncertainties that are identified from time to time in the Company’s SEC reports and filings, and are subject to change at any time. QuoteMedia’s actual results and other corporate developments could differ materially from that which has been anticipated in such statements. 
QuoteMedia
Dave Shworan, (877) 311-9911 ext. 101
contactus@quotemedia.com
 Copyright © 2017 GlobeNewswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsQuoteMedia, Inc. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 3D Dental Scanner Market Segment and Manufacturers analysis by Region, Type and Applications Next PostNext Global ANPR Software Market 2017 – Vigilant Solutions, Elsag Search Recent Posts Orange County Training Launches DWI-Ignition Interlock Enforcement Initiative Hey Siri, send John $10 Hey Siri, book me a ride Hey Siri, show me my best selfies Manhattan’s newest Apple Store opens at World Trade Center RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 67 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER MAY 12, 2017 MAY 12, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAY 12, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 67 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Trump trade rep to take stern stance on China By PAUL WISEMAN The Associated Press First Published May 11 2017 02:39PM    •    Last Updated May 11 2017 02:39 pm FILE - In this March 14, 2017, file photo, U.S. Trade Representative-designate Robert Lighthizer testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington. Lighthizer has easily cleared a hurdle in the Senate. The Senate has voted 81-15 to advance the nomination of Lighthizer. A final confirmation vote could occur later Thursday, May 11, 2017. (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta, File) FILE - In this March 14, 2017, file photo, U.S. Trade Representative-designate Robert Lighthizer testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington. Lighthizer has easily cleared a hurdle in the Senate. The Senate has voted 81-15 to advance the nomination of Lighthizer. A final confirmation vote could occur later Thursday, May 11, 2017. (AP Photo/Manuel Balce Ceneta, File) Single page Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY (1) Washington • Robert Lighthizer has long complained that the United States dithered in the face of abusive Chinese trade policies, allowing its trade gap with Beijing to explode and American factories to close. Now, the veteran trade lawyer will get a chance to do something about it. The Senate voted 82-14 Thursday to confirm the 69-year-old Lighthizer to serve as U.S. trade representative. The job will empower him to renegotiate and enforce trade deals, many of which the new president has condemned as destroyers of American jobs. A fixture in Washington trade policy circles for nearly four decades, Lighthizer has built a reputation as a shrewd negotiator. And like the president who chose him, Lighthizer represents a departure for a Republican Party that for decades favored the free flow of global trade as a boon to economic growth. VIDEOS TOP JOBS "I agree with President Trump that we should have an 'America First' trade policy," Lighthizer told a Senate committee earlier this year. "And that we can do better in negotiating our trade agreements and be stronger at enforcing our trade laws." His nomination sends another signal that the Trump administration intends to upend decades of U.S. policy and act aggressively to block imports when it deems other countries to be acting unfairly. "He's a trade realist," Paul Rosenthal, a trade lawyer at the firm Kelley Drye & Warren. "He doesn't necessarily subscribe to free trade as a religion as some people do." Lighthizer's philosophy, Rosenthal suggests, essentially boils down to: "How can we afford to be unilateral free traders when the Chinese don't reciprocate?" Not all Republicans are enthusiastic. On Wednesday, Sens. John McCain of Arizona and Ben Sasse of Nebraska jointly wrote a letter to Lighthizer saying they would oppose his nomination, in part because he "did not have an appreciation" for the economic benefits of the North American Free Trade Agreement with Canada and Mexico, which Trump wants to renegotiate or end. Supporters of free trade, such as analysts at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, argue that a Trump-Lighthizer combative approach could backfire. Blocking or taxing imports would raise prices of imports for American consumers and provoke retaliation. The result could potentially be a trade war that would hurt U.S. farmers and companies — from Boeing to Caterpillar — that depend on exports. Drawing from experience in trade law and his work in the Reagan administration in countering Japanese imports, Lighthizer will likely try to force China and other competitors to end what the Trump team sees as unfair trade. Lighthizer won't be the administration's only trade policy heavyweight. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, a billionaire investor, is expected to involve himself in trade issues, including an effort to renegotiate NAFTA. And Peter Navarro, a vociferous critic of China, is advising the White House on trade. Could Lighthizer be overshadowed? "The words 'overshadow' and 'Bob Lighthizer' shouldn't appear in the same sentence," says Clyde Prestowitz, a Commerce official in the Reagan administration and a longtime critic of U.S. trade policy. Lighthizer has more congressional contacts and more experience with the fine points of trade law than Navarro or Ross. In 2008, he wrote a column in The New York Times criticizing McCain, then the Republican presidential candidate, for his unstinting support of free trade. Lighthizer noted that "conservative statesmen from Alexander Hamilton to Ronald Reagan sometimes supported protectionism." "They always understood that trade policy was merely a tool for building a strong and independent country with a prosperous middle class," he wrote. Lighthizer served as a top aide on the Senate Finance Committee under Sen. Bob Dole in the late 1970s and early 1980s and later as treasurer of Dole's 1996 Republican presidential campaign. (The 93-year-old Dole introduced Lighthizer at his committee hearing.) Under Reagan, Lighthizer served as deputy trade representative. Despite Reagan's reputation as a stalwart supporter of free trade, his administration seldom hesitated to pressure U.S. trade partners if it thought American manufacturers were being hurt. » Next page... Single page   Share This Article ARTICLE PHOTO GALLERY VIEW PHOTO GALLERY JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Mormon church takes steps away from Boy Scouts of America; does total exodus loom? KUTV anchor Shauna Lake arrested on suspicion of DUI Monson: Many Jazz players love Utah, but ... is Gordon Hayward one of them? NBA Combine: BYU's Eric Mika looks for best path to get better Top BSA leader, who is LDS, hopes Scouting-Mormon marriage lasts, but he's not sure it will ELEVATE 8 inspection pitfalls to avoid when buying a home   An Insider’s Guide to Lava Hot Springs   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
null
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Elephants continue to wreak havoc in northern Namibia 2017-05-11 18:50:56 GMT2017-05-12 02:50:56(Beijing Time) Xinhua English WINDHOEK, May 11 (Xinhua) -- The Ministry Environment on Thursday said that it has deployed ministry officials to assist farmers in affected areas to avoid and minimize damages in northern Namibia, following a spate of incidents that involved elephants. The ministry's spoke person, Romeo Muyunda said currently the officials are doing a situation analysis that will inform the ministry on what course of action to take. Muyunda said of late the ministry has been concerned with the escalating cases of human wildlife conflict as well as reports of elephants destroying field crops. "The ministry believes that the herd is being led by an aggressive elephant and a directive was given to officials on the ground to identify it. Once identified it will be recommended to be declared a problem animal," he said. According to Muyunda once the elephant is declared a problem, the ministry will have to hunt it down and the proceeds will be given to the affected communities and farmers. Human wildlife conflicts cases have become frequent in the northern regions and the ministry has committed resources to tackle the challenges. Despite the high prevalence of these incidents, Muyunda urged community members not to take the law in their own hands and work with ministry officials instead. Currently Namibia is reviewing the Human Wildlife Management Policy in order to come up with region-specific responses to deal with the challenges. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Namibia intensifies circumcision drive to curb HIV 2017-05-11 18:50:55 GMT2017-05-12 02:50:55(Beijing Time) Xinhua English WINDHOEK, May 11 (Xinhua) -- In efforts to combat and curb the HIV pandemic in Namibia, the Ministry of Health has embarked on a circumcision campaign during May 8-18 in the Oshana, Zambezi and Erongo Regions. The health ministry launched the Voluntary Medical Male Circumcision (VMMC) scale-up campaign and contracted the DOGG, a local veteran musician to support the campaign through mobilizing the community through music and entertainment. According to the Ministry' s Permanent Secretary, Andreas Mwoombola in a statement, the VMMC procedure is a recommended strategy to combat HIV in highly affected countries, adding that evidence has shown that VMMC provides benefits to reduce the spread of HIV by 60 percent. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz Trump: All Future U.S. Navy Carriers Will Use "Goddamned Steam" Catapults Dave Majumdar May 11, 2017 TweetShareShare President Donald Trump has weighed in on the future configuration of the U.S. Navy’s aircraft carrier fleet. Trump is insisting that the service return to installing steam catapults in place of the state-of-the-art Electromagnetic Aircraft Launch System (EMALS) that were developed for the Gerald R. Ford–class super carriers. The president is explicit in his directive—all future U.S. Navy carriers will revert to steam catapults.  “You know the catapult is quite important. So I said what is this? Sir, this is our digital catapult system. He said well, we’re going to this because we wanted to keep up with modern [technology]. I said you don’t use steam anymore for catapult? No sir. I said, ‘Ah, how is it working?’ ‘Sir, not good. Not good. Doesn’t have the power. You know the steam is just brutal. You see that sucker going and steam’s going all over the place, there’s planes thrown in the air,’” Trump told Time magazine in an interview. “It sounded bad to me. Digital. They have digital. What is digital? And it’s very complicated, you have to be Albert Einstein to figure it out. And I said–and now they want to buy more aircraft carriers. I said what system are you going to be–‘Sir, we’re staying with digital.’ I said no you’re not. You going to goddamned steam, the digital costs hundreds of millions of dollars more money and it’s no good.” While the EMALS—which is brand-new technology base on a powerful linear induction motor (analogies to railguns are spurious)—has had some teething issues in the past, the Navy has fixed the problems with the new catapults. Indeed, Gerald R. Ford was out at sea this April during builder’s trials, which included tests on the EMALS system. The Navy has scheduled test launching Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornets at sea onboard the giant vessel this year. The EMALS will soon be operational onboard the future USS Gerald R. Ford (CVN-78), which is scheduled to be commissioned later this year.  Moreover, the Navy has already started work on building EMALS catapults for follow-on vessels John F. Kennedy and Enterprise. The Ford-class design would have to be completely, extensively—not to mention expensively—redesigned to accommodate a steam catapult. Moreover, the Mk-13 steam catapults found onboard the Nimitz-class carriers are long out of production. Thus, the Navy would have to invest billions to develop a new steam catapult—especially if the president insists such a catapult utilize analog rather then digital technology. Longer term, the EMALS and the Advanced Arresting Gear are necessary investments for the Navy. The carrier air wing of the future is likely to be more diverse in terms of aircraft sizes and the EMALS allows for much more precise control of launch weights. It should also significantly reduce the wear and tear on aircraft once the bugs are worked out. The bottom line is that EMALS is the right technology for the future of the carrier. Dave Majumdar is the defense editor for The National Interest. You can follow him on Twitter: @davemajumdar. Image: Huntington Ingalls Newport News   TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Will the South China Sea Become the New Crimea? Xi Jinping has successfully avoided maritime overreach—but that might be about to change. Nicholas Lyall Tillerson Defines 'America First' Secretary Tillerson’s recent address to State Department employees was honest and direct. It establishes the basis for a policy that can both protect and advance U.S. national interests as well as assert American values. Paul J. Saunders The Anti-Russia Inquisition Intensifies Resurgent anti-Russia hysteria has broader, ominous implications for U.S. foreign policy and the health of political discourse in the United States.  Ted Galen Carpenter Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Masseglia re-elected as French Olympic Committee president 2017-05-11 16:11:03 GMT2017-05-12 00:11:03(Beijing Time) Xinhua English PARIS, May 11 (Xinhua) -- Denis Masseglia was re-elected as the president of the French Olympic Committee on Thursday's General Assembly for his third consecutive term on the post. The 69-year-old Masseglia won 556 of the total 995 votes, an absolute majority in the first round of the ballot to better two other candidates, Isabelle Lamour and David Douillet. Masseglia firstly took the presidential position in 2009, before he was re-elected for his second spell in 2013. Following his appointment, a new French Olympic Committee Board was also set up, with General Secretary Jean-Michel Brun and Treasurer Jean-Lou Charon winning their respective re-election for another four years. Two days ahead of IOC evaluation delegation's arrival in Paris, Masseglia's re-election was a boost for Paris 2024 Olympic and Paralympic Bid Committee, who expressed their congratulations to Masseglia and happiness to carry on the bidding work together. "Congratulations to D. Masseglia for your re-election. Looking forward to continue #Paris2024 together to win for France," tweeted Paris bid co-chairman Tony Estanguet. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Singapore launches tenders for new agriculture land 2017-05-11 16:15:58 GMT2017-05-12 00:15:58(Beijing Time) Xinhua English SINGAPORE, May 11 (Xinhua) -- Singapore will launch tenders for new agriculture land for food farming to increase food security and productivity, said the Agri-Food and Veterinary Authority (AVA) on Thursday in a press statement. A total of 36 plots of farm land located in Lim Chu Kang and Sungei Tengah will be tendered on 20-year leases, according to AVA. AVA said the tender encourages farmers to adopt innovative agri-technologies to maximize land and labor productivity as farmers with good production records will stand a good chance of winning new plots. In a blog post on Tuesday, National Development Minister Lawrence Wong said that Singapore's farmers providing vegetables, fish and eggs act as a buffer against overseas supply disruptions. It is therefore important for the local agriculture sector to stay innovative and productive given Singapore's land constraints, said AVA in its statement. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage U.S. WWII vet gets love letter from wife 72 years later 2017-05-11 16:15:57 GMT2017-05-12 00:15:57(Beijing Time) Xinhua English NEW YORK, May 11 (Xinhua) -- A 96-year-old U.S. World War II sailor has finally received a love letter from his late wife that was penned 72 years ago. The sweet note, postmarked May 1945 and written by a woman named Virginia to her husband Rolf Christofferson, was discovered by Melissa Fahy and her father in a gap under the stairs of their home in Westfield, New Jersey, local media reported on Thursday. Through facebook, Fahy managed to track down Christoffersen's son in California, who read it back to his emotional father on the sixth anniversary of Virginia's death. "I love you Rolf, as I love the warm sun, and that is what you are to my life, the sun about which everything else revolves for me," wrote then the pregnant woman to Christoffersen who was serving overseas in the Norwegian Navy, and added she was "longing for her sweetheart to come home to Westfield." "My time is up now, I must get back to work, but here's a warm, warm kiss for my sweet Norske and a prayer that you'll be home with me soon. Until death us do part, Virginia," she concluded. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Denmark extends border control to November 2017-05-11 16:10:54 GMT2017-05-12 00:10:54(Beijing Time) Xinhua English COPENHAGEN, May 11 (Xinhua) -- The Danish government announced on Thursday that the temporary border control at the Danish-German border would be extended until Nov. 12 of this year. The announcement came just a week after the European Commission called on Denmark to phase out border checks. However, the European Council adopted an implementing decision on Thursday setting out a recommendation to prolong temporary internal border controls in exceptional circumstances. Austria, Germany, Denmark, Sweden and Norway may prolong proportionate temporary border controls for a maximum period of six months, according to the recommendation. Denmark's temporary border control with Germany was introduced on Jan. 4, 2016. Since then, it has been extended several times. According to the Danish immigration authorities, nearly 3,000 people were rejected in 2016 from entering Denmark either from the Danish-German border in southern Jutland or by ferries on Lolland-Falster islands. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Macron party unveils names of candidates for France's parliamentary election 2017-05-11 16:05:55 GMT2017-05-12 00:05:55(Beijing Time) Xinhua English PARIS, May 11 (Xinhua) -- Emmanuel Macron's party "Republic on the move" announced on Thursday the names of hundreds of candidates for the upcoming parliamentary election, which the newly-elect French president needs to consolidate his presidency victory. Out of 19,000 applications to represent the centrist party created in 2016, a list included 428 definite names with 214 are female candidates, said Richard Ferrand, the movement's secretary-general. Ferrand added half of the contenders who joined the "Republic on the move" party for June election are from civil society and had never held an elected post, Ferrand added. According to the party's chief, the rest of 148 candidates "are still for discussion," as the party's is seeking to have a large working majority in the National Assembly to empower France's youngest head of state to pass his reforms and implement his economic and social project. The selection's process was of "unprecedented rigor, objectivity and impartiality under the Fifth Republic" and showed "the citizens' definitive return to the heart of our political life", Ferrand told reporters. Described as "neither right nor left", the party has no representatives in the country's lower house of parliament. The absolute majority in the National Assembly is 289 seats out of 577. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Another St. Petersburg blast suspect detained in Moscow 2017-05-11 16:15:59 GMT2017-05-12 00:15:59(Beijing Time) Xinhua English MOSCOW, May 11 (Xinhua) -- A Central Asian national was detained here Thursday for suspected links with a deadly bomb attack in the St. Petersburg metro last month, Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) said in a statement. FSB operatives held M.B. Ermatov for involvement in illegal trafficking of explosives and possible connections with Akbarzhon Dzhalilov, who detonated a bomb in the St. Petersburg metro on April 3, killing 14 people, including the perpetrator himself, and injuring over 50 others. Ermatov is now under FSB investigation. On April 17, Azimov Abror Akhralovich, a Central Asian native born in 1990, was caught in the Moscow region for possibly training Dzhalilov. On April 6, six people in St. Petersburg and two others in Moscow were detained for suspected involvement in the metro attack. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage EFSA publishes new guidance for infant formula from protein hydrolysates 2017-05-11 16:15:53 GMT2017-05-12 00:15:53(Beijing Time) Xinhua English BRUSSELS, May 11 (Xinhua) -- The European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) on Thursday published a new guidance for infant and follow-on formula manufactured from protein hydrolysates to assist applicants preparing and presenting documents for authorisation of their products. According to the guidance, the information the applicants need to provide include characterisation of the hydrolysed infant or follow-on formula, information about the nutritional safety and suitability of the formula, and information on the product's efficacy in reducing the risk of developing an allergy to milk proteins. Formulas manufactured from protein hydrolysates contain protein which has been partially broken down to different degrees in order to reduce the risk of infants developing allergies. EFSA decided that follow-on formula with a protein content of at least 1.6 grams per 100 kilocalories made from either cow or goat's milk is safe and suitable for infants living in Europe. Current EU legislation sets the minimum protein content at 1.8 g/100kcal. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
» · Trump · DonaldTrump · Russia · Comey · JamesComey · FederalBureauofInvestigation · Republicans · Democrats · GOP · 2018 · Senate · trumpcare · Progressives · election · TeaParty · Community · Vote · GOTV · HealthCare · Election2018 · trumprussia · 2018midterms · vote2018 · 2018Election · AffordableCareAct · VladimirPutin · JeffSessions · Media · Obamacare · House Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign the petition: Elect the president by national popular vote Donald Trump has won the presidency after narrowly carrying a few states to put him above 270 electoral votes. But... Sign if you agree: Jeff Sessions must resign, and a special prosecutor must investigate Trump's ties to Russia At his Senate confirmation hearing, Attorney General Jeff Sessions lied under oath that he had never had contact with the... Sign the petition: Appoint a special prosecutor on Russia's ties to the Trump campaign UPDATE 05/10/2017 10:07 AM: Donald Trump has fired FBI director James Comey. The dismissal comes in the middle of Comey’s... See All 10 Campaigns » Devil's Tower Blog Stream Groups Following Profile Time interview with Donald Trump isn't just revealing—it's horrifying By Mark Sumner   Thursday May 11, 2017 · 9:08 AM PDT 2017/05/11 · 09:08 318 Comments Share this article 218 218 218 Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS DonaldTrump foreignpolicy Military Recommended TIMEInterview Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History DonaldTrump created by Mark Sumner at 05/11/2017 09:08 AM DonaldTrump TIMEInterview created by Mark Sumner at 05/11/2017 09:08 AM DonaldTrump Military TIMEInterview created by Mark Sumner at 05/11/2017 09:08 AM DonaldTrump foreignpolicy Military TIMEInterview created by Mark Sumner at 05/11/2017 09:08 AM Done Editing Tags 318 Comments Share this article 218 218 218 Warning: Readers who already looked at portions of Donald Trump’s The Economist interview may have reached or exceeded their gibberish exposure level for the day. If that’s the case … oh, read this anyway. It’s too late for all of us. What follows are 100 percent real excerpts from Donald Trump’s conversation with Time magazine reporters Nancy Gibbs, Michael Sherer, and Zeke Miller on the subject of “what it means to be president.” Trump: I find the job very natural for me. I find–it’s a very big job obviously, there’s no job big like this. No job is important like this. But I think some of the–I just think it’s something that works for me, it feels very natural to me. And all I said, the job, it is, it’s a difficult job but it’s a job that I find to be–I love doing it. I love helping people. Mike [Pence] is doing a fantastic job. He fits it so well. I mean we have a great team, he and I guess, they say we’re somewhat opposite and that works to be a very good combination. That’s Trump’s first response. Again: This is real. It may seem like the kind of response you would get by listening to a Chatty Cathy filtered through a fan. But no. Trump: They said the F-35 program is now straightened out and the costs are way down. They’re down because of me. Then Boeing when the F-18, I mean I must have got thirty-five million of each plane off. . . . You know they had the F-35s, they had thirty-five of them fly over Japan when [Defense Secretary] General [James] Mattis was there, and they were not detected by the radar. They flew over and everyone said where the hell did they come from? That’s stealth. It’s pretty cool, right. Thirty-five of them flying at a high speed, low, and they were not detected. They flew right over the top of the deal, nobody knew they were coming. Pretty cool, right? Absolutely cool. There is nothing an ally likes better than being surprised by 35 planes, each of which packs two 1,000 pound bombs. And no one can say that Donald Trump isn’t afraid to get down to the details—and completely get Every. Last. One. Wrong. Trump: You know the catapult is quite important. So I said what is this? Sir, this is our digital catapult system. He said well, we’re going to this because we wanted to keep up with modern [technology]. I said you don’t use steam anymore for catapult? No sir. I said, "Ah, how is it working?" "Sir, not good. Not good. Doesn’t have the power. You know the steam is just brutal. You see that sucker going and steam’s going all over the place, there’s planes thrown in the air." It sounded bad to me. Digital. They have digital. What is digital? And it’s very complicated, you have to be Albert Einstein to figure it out. And I said–and now they want to buy more aircraft carriers. I said what system are you going to be–"Sir, we’re staying with digital." I said no you’re not. You going to goddamned steam, the digital costs hundreds of millions of dollars more money and it’s no good. Donald Trump believes that modern aircraft carriers toss planes forward using … digital. Honestly, there is no way to abbreviate this interview. No summary or snippet can do justice to the magnificent desolation, the towering cliffs of insanity, the mountainous madness, the baleful mounds of gibbering, ichorous, tentacular mglw'nafh Cthulhu R'lyeh wgah'nagl fhtagn ngphlegeth n'gha stell'bsna n'ghft, ehye, eyhe, ya uh Cth …. Umm. That is … go read the whole thing. But here’s one last glimpse of what lies ahead … Trump: You know what’s interesting, I’m getting very good marks in foreign policy. People would not think of me in that light. I’m just saying, and you read the same things I read. I’m getting As and A+s on foreign policy. And nobody thought about it. On whose grade card? On whose grade card? 318 Comments Share this article 218 218 218 318 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage EU Council of Ministers approve GSP plus for Sri Lanka 2017-05-11 15:25:54 GMT2017-05-11 23:25:54(Beijing Time) Xinhua English COLOMBO, May 11 (Xinhua) -- The European Union Foreign and Trade Ministers Council on Thursday approved Sri Lanka's application to obtain key trade concessions known as the Generalized Scheme of Preference Plus (GSP Plus), the government information department said here. Sri Lanka's Deputy Foreign Minister Harsha De Silva confirmed in a message that the Council of Ministers of the EU had approved Sri Lanka's GSP plus application which would be effective in less than two weeks. "It's now done. Effective in less than two weeks," De Silva said on his official twitter account. Earlier last month a motion taken up in the EU Parliament to not grant Sri Lanka the GSP Plus was defeated with 436 members voting against the motion and 119 in favor. Sri Lanka lost access to the EU GSP Plus since 2009 over human rights related issues. Sri Lanka's apparel sector took a severe beating as a result of losing access to the EU GSP Plus trade concession. The new government, which took office in 2015, began talks with the EU to regain GSP Plus and agreed to meet most of the conditions to obtain the facility. Sri Lanka reapplied for the EU GSP facility in June last year. Chinese, Vietnamese presidents hold talks on ties Construction of Boeing's 1st overseas 737 factory starts in China Pic story of male nurses working in central China Growing edible fungus becomes important industry in NE China Chinese submersible explores turbidity current in South China Sea Straw art gala held in E China's Shandong Xinjiang Int'l Grand Bazaar held in Urumqi, NW China 8th China Peking Opera art festival to be held in Nanjing | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
