Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News A month later and only rich would’ve been affected, says UP farmer Odisha: In country’s poorest district, ‘biggest single day deposit’, but no cash Demonetisation impact: Business in red at red-light district Unlawful Activities Prevention Act: Govt bans Zakir Naik’s IRF for five years Conjoined twins Riddhi & Siddhi begin new chapter, head to school Home World world news Barack Obama promises to veto bill that would block aircraft exports to Iran Barack Obama promises to veto bill that would block aircraft exports to Iran The legislation is the latest Republican-led effort to stop the sale of aircraft to Iran by Airbus and Boeing Co, allowed under the nuclear deal. By: Reuters | Washington | Published:November 15, 2016 7:05 am President Barack Obama waves while boarding Air Force One, Monday, Nov. 14, 2016, at Andrews Air Force Base, Md. Obama is traveling overseas and will visit Greece, Germany and Peru. (AP Photo/Pablo Martinez Monsivais) President Barack Obama’s administration said on Monday he would veto legislation seeking to block financial transactions related to the export of passenger aircraft to Iran, saying it would undermine the nuclear deal implemented early this year. The legislation in the House of Representatives is the latest Republican-led effort to stop the sale of aircraft to Iran by Airbus and Boeing Co, allowed under the nuclear deal. Watch What Else Is Making News The White House said US partners would view the bill, if implemented, as a violation of the nuclear agreement. The United States plus Britain, Russia, France, China and Germany agreed to lift sanctions if Iran would curtail its nuclear program. The deals by Airbus and Boeing to sell or lease over 200 jets to IranAir would help modernize and expand the country’s elderly fleet, held together by smuggled or improvised parts after years of sanctions. Some members of Congress have raised concerns that killing the sale could cost jobs. But opponents argue that the passenger aircraft could be used for military purposes such as transporting fighters to battle US troops or allies in Syria. The measure would bar the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing a transaction by a US financial institution related to the export, or re-export, of commercial aircraft to Iran. And it would revoke any authorities enacted before the bill passed, such as those that allowed the Boeing and Airbus sales. The measure also limits the role of Export-Import Bank financing of sales to Iran. Some banks have been reluctant to finance the aircraft deals, fearing they could fall foul of remaining sanctions prohibiting the use of the US financial system for Iranian business. The House is expected to take up, and pass, the measure as soon as this week. It is not expected to get through the Senate, where it would need Democratic support to advance. Lawmakers expect more efforts to stop the aircraft sale, and the broader Iran deal, after Donald Trump becomes US president in January. Trump has been critical of the nuclear agreement, which is seen by Obama supporters as one of the Democratic president’s signature foreign policy achievements. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaBJP leaders attend Janardhan Reddy daughter's multi-crore wedding and talk about black money: Anand Sharma IndiaRahul Gandhi: PM Narendra Modi is running the government of few industrialists IndiaSushma Swaraj suffers kidney failure, undergoes dialysis at AIIMS BusinessSBI writes off Rs 7,016 crore loans owed by wilful defaulters IndiaBirla text message shows payoff to ‘Gujarat CM’ in 2012, says Arvind Kejriwal EntertainmentBefikre's song You and Me: Ranveer Singh, wish it was just you! Watch video EntertainmentDimple Kapadia called Twinkle Khanna 'junglee' and that's where Akshay Kumar came in EntertainmentPM Modi's 'kadak chai' is sweet tea for the honest: Nana Patekar on demonetisation EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna asked Karan Johar full form of MNS, his reply will make you forget Koffee With Karan Must Read SportsZafar Ansari pitches it on the right length SportsFit-again Dhawan to be part of Delhi's Ranji team SportsHow the mighty Aussies have fallen TechnologyOnePlus 3T vs OnePlus 3: What's the big difference? TechnologyOnePlus 3T goes official: Price, specifications and features TechnologyWhatsApp video calling on Android, iOS: Here is how it works  Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra, Lisa Haydon: The rise of the thigh-high slit gowns Nov 16: Latest News Suicide bomber kills at least four security forces in Kabul: Afghan officials India vs England, 2nd Test: There will be few surprises in the playing XI, says Virat Kohli Japan’s hunger for pricey pork drives Canadian exports to record levels Puducherry: Parties prefer door-to-door campaign in Nellithope Bangladesh to cancel wheat import tender                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Chicago State unveils new design, will replace faulty license plates Chicago Vrdolyak indicted on income tax evasion, impeding IRS Chicago News Don’t let a bad Santa sell you fake sports keepsakes, FBI says Business AAA predicting biggest Thanksgiving travel rush in 9 years Chicago Sex offenders banned from child and teen sections of libraries Chicago News Chicago gossip columnist Ann Gerber dies Chicago Emanuel proposes changes to aldermanic pension plan Chicago 10 years of ‘Cooking up Change’ in Chicago Chicago Smooth sailing expected for Rahm’s 2017 budget Chicago Emanuel, Gutierrez seek to reassure immigrants fearful of Trump 48° News Trending Chicago Public Schools Crime Life on a Ledge News Home Sports Home Politics Home Entertainment Home Columnists Home Opinion Home Lifestyles Home Education Crime Business Chicago Transportation Sponsored Content News Chicago 11/14/2016, 07:16pm 18 passengers sue after fiery engine failure at O’Hare In this photo provided by passenger Jose Castillo, fellow passengers walk away from a burning American Airlines jet that aborted takeoff and caught fire on the runway at O'Hare International Airport on Friday. Pilots on Flight 383 bound for Miami reported an engine-related mechanical issue, according to an airline spokeswoman. | Jose Castillo/Distributed by the Associated Press Mitchell Armentrout @mitchtrout | email Sign-Up for our News & Politics Newsletter  Sign-Up Eighteen passengers have filed a lawsuit against Boeing and American Airlines after the airplane they were on caught fire last month on the tarmac of O’Hare International Airport when part of an engine failed. About 20 people were taken to hospitals after the right engine of Miami-bound American Airlines Flight 383 broke into four pieces about 2:30 p.m. Oct. 28, according to fire officials and the National Transportation Safety Board. The suit filed Monday in Cook County Circuit Court also names as a defendant General Electric Aviation, claiming it sold a faulty engine that Boeing used to assemble an unsafe 767 aircraft. The passengers also claim American Airlines employees should have done a better job inspecting the plane, and that they failed to provide “assistance, supervision and instruction” during evacuation. The National Transportation Safety Board released this photo of the pieces it recovered from a high pressure turbine disk that fractured inside the engine of an American Airlines jet that was about to take off from O’Hare International Airport on Oct. 28. | NTSB photo Spokesmen for Boeing and American declined to comment on the pending litigation. A representative for GE could not immediately be reached for comment Monday evening. An NTSB report issued a week after the fire said one of the fractures on the turbine disk of the engine was “consistent with fatigue cracking.” Takeoff was aborted due to the “uncontained engine failure” that led to fuel pooling under the plane’s right wing, which then burst into flames, authorities said. One piece of the turbine disk went through the inboard section of the right wing, over the fuselage and into a UPS warehouse facility more than a half-mile away. Another piece was found about 1,600 feet away, but it was still on O’Hare property, authorities said. No fire breached the cabin, and the 20 hospitalized passengers had been released a night after the fire. The five-count negligence suit seeks an unspecified amount in damages.   # Lawsuits O'Hare International Airport Previously from Chicago News Killings up because mayor let CPD wither: police union official | Chicago Sun-Times Police: Toddler found in lagoon killed because he kept crying | Chicago Sun-Times Madigan and Rauner meet, Republicans left scratching their heads | Chicago Sun-Times State labor board declares impasse between AFSCME, Rauner | Chicago Sun-Times Currently Trending chicago Killings up because mayor let CPD wither: police union official | Chicago Sun-Times chicago Police: Toddler found in lagoon killed because he kept crying | Chicago Sun-Times chicago Vrdolyak indicted on income tax evasion, impeding IRS | Chicago Sun-Times chicago State unveils new design, will replace faulty license plates | Chicago Sun-Times dear abby Dear Abby: For Thanksgiving, I'll come if she leaves | Chicago Sun-Times Post to Cancel
Wed 16 Nov 2016 | 5:01 GMT You are here: Home > News > World > Article Home News News by Country Top News Sport World Oddly Enough Investing Video AlertNet Humanitarian News About Thomson Reuters Obama promises to veto bill that would block aircraft exports to Iran Tue Nov 15, 2016 12:37am GMT   Print | Single Page [-] Text [+] By Patricia Zengerle WASHINGTON (Reuters) - President Barack Obama's administration said on Monday he would veto legislation seeking to block financial transactions related to the export of passenger aircraft to Iran, saying it would undermine the nuclear deal implemented early this year. The legislation in the House of Representatives is the latest Republican-led effort to stop the sale of aircraft to Iran by Airbus (AIR.PA: Quote) and Boeing Co (BA.N: Quote), allowed under the nuclear deal. The White House said U.S. partners would view the bill, if implemented, as a violation of the nuclear agreement. The United States plus Britain, Russia, France, China and Germany agreed to lift sanctions if Iran would curtail its nuclear program. The deals by Airbus and Boeing to sell or lease over 200 jets to IranAir would help modernize and expand the country's elderly fleet, held together by smuggled or improvised parts after years of sanctions. Some members of Congress have raised concerns that killing the sale could cost jobs. But opponents argue that the passenger aircraft could be used for military purposes such as transporting fighters to battle U.S. troops or allies in Syria. The measure would bar the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing a transaction by a U.S. financial institution related to the export, or re-export, of commercial aircraft to Iran. And it would revoke any authorities enacted before the bill passed, such as those that allowed the Boeing and Airbus sales. The measure also limits the role of Export-Import Bank financing of sales to Iran. Some banks have been reluctant to finance the aircraft deals, fearing they could fall foul of remaining sanctions prohibiting the use of the U.S. financial system for Iranian business.   Continued... View article on single page Latest AlertNet Crises News   Powered by Reuters AlertNet. AlertNet provides news, images and insight from the world's disasters and conflicts and is brought to you by Reuters Foundation. af.reuters.com:  Help and Contact Us Thomson Reuters Corporate:  Copyright  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Policy  |  Careers   International Editions : Africa  |  Arabic  |  Argentina  |  Brazil  |  Canada  |  China  |  France  |  Germany  |  India  |  Italy  |  Japan  |  Latin America  |  Mexico  |  Russia  |  Spain  |  United Kingdom  |  United States   Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Thomson Reuters journalists are subject to an Editorial Handbook which requires fair presentation and disclosure of relevant interests.
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE � Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad App for Windows 8 The official Gulf News app for Microsoft's latest OS Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing App for Blackberry 10 Gulf News tailored for your Blackberry App for Windows 8 Tablet A native Gulf News tablet app for Windows 8 SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? SHARES AVIATION November 16, 2016 | Last updated less than one minute ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: US Elections 2016 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope UAE holidays 2016 UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Gold posts biggest price drop in months Surprise Trump win triggers massive gold buying Gold prices drop as Clinton gains ground Gold Rate Sectors21 Markets11 Automotives Banking1 Construction Employment1 Features1 General Investment1 Media3 Careers1 Energy2 Retail5 Shipping Technology6 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors WhatsApp adds 'secure' video calling Google to grow London office, create 3,000 jobs Twitter takes fight to online trolls Aviation3 Live Flights top stories in Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines Etihad starts hiring additional crew Economy5 Property GN Property top stories in Property Hyatt to open four luxury hotel in Pakistan Union Properties profit at Dh32m in Q3 It’s all in the Trump name Money1 Visas Analysis4 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Etihad starts recruitment drive as UAE fleet expands UAE airline says it is looking for pilots in Europe to join both its Airbus and Boeing fleets Image Credit: Thinkstock UAE-based Etihad Airways has commenced its major talent search to hire pilots in Europe. Published: 08:16 November 15, 2016 Cleofe Maceda, Senior Web Reporter   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Dubai: Etihad Airways has embarked on a major recruitment drive to hire additional crew, as it fleet expands. The UAE’s national carrier said it is looking for pilots in Europe to join both its Airbus and Boeing fleets, with new aircraft expected to arrive between this year and 2025. The main focus of the talent search is to fill posts for First Officers. Recruiters for the airline were scheduled to be in Europe on Sunday, November 13. They started in Romania and were expected to be in Bulgaria today, Tuesday. They will then make stops in Hungary, Lithuania, Greece, Poland, Belgium and Portugal. Etihad had earlier announced it would freeze the hiring of non-operational staff, as currency fluctuations, economic uncertainty and market competition are putting pressure on yields. Recruitment of pilots, cabin crew and engineers, however, will continue. The airline has a range of aircraft including Airbus 330s, 380s, Boeing 777s and B787s, and expects new A380 deliveries next year. “2017 will see further additions to our fleet as we continue our growth. We are seeking to recruit highly motivated, skilled and qualified pilots to come and join our team,” said Richard Hill, chief operations officer for Etihad Airways. Between 2016 and 2025, Etihad is expected to expand its current fleet of 123 to 179 aircraft, presenting more employment opportunities for aviation professionals. In 2016 alone, ten aircraft were added to the fleet. “It is exciting to be joining an airline that is growing rapidly and while we will recruit experienced pilots, we also put great focus on continued training and excellence in operational standards. This significant growth also creates opportunities for our existing pilots,” said Hill. Recruitment days: BUCHAREST - RADISSON BLU - 13th November 2016 - 10am to 4pm Calea Victoriei 63-81 sector 10065 Bucharest Romania SOFIA - RADISSON BLU - 15th November 2016 - 10am to 4pm 4, Narodno Sabraine Square 1000 Sofia Bulgaria BUDAPEST - BOSCOLO MARRIOTT - 17th November 2016 - 10am to 4pm Erzsebet Krt 9 1073 Budpest Hungary VILNIUS – RADISSON BLU ROYAL ASTORIJA HOTEL - 19th November 2016 - 10am to 4pm Didzioji av. 35/2, LT-01128 Vilnius Lithuania ATHENS - HILTON - 28th November 2016 - 10am to 4pm 46 Vassilissis Sofias Avenue 11528 Athens Greece WARSAW – MARRIOTT HOTEL - 30th November 2016 - 10am to 4pm Al. Jerozolimskie 65/79 00-697 Warsaw Poland BRUSSELS – RENAISSANCE HOTEL - 2nd December 2016 - 10am to 4pm Rue du Parnasse 19 1050 Brussels Belgium LISBON – MARRIOTT HOTEL - 4th December 2016 - 10am to 4pm Avenida dos Combatentes 45 1600-042 Lisbon Portugal     .   , More from Aviation EasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines Etihad starts hiring additional crew Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed restructures Adac Passenger traffic at DWC up 161% Etihad Airways Engineering and Airbus sign MoU Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Air Arabia third quarter net profit rises 26% tags from this storyDubai follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsDubai follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AviationEasyJet profit falls as currency woes take toll Business Gallery Kish island turns to be a major tourism hub Pakistan, China launch new trade route Business Videos PlayStrata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Etihad starts hiring additional crew 02Berkshire bet on the biggest US airlines 03Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed restructures Adac 04Etihad Airways Engineering and Airbus sign MoU 05Emirates retires last Airbus A330, A340 10Images Apple unveils Nike+ smartwatch Oct 29, 2016 1Image In pictures: Evolution of Emirates airline Oct 25, 2015 15Images Inside a Russian precious metals plant Oct 26, 2016 9Images In pictures: World Economic Forum 2010 Jan 28, 2010 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Emirati who created 2 successful companies Jan 02, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News Why expats risk fines to live in bed spaces Viral: Saudi man’s love poem to Ivanka Trump 'Utter devastation' after New Zealand quakes Your guide to tonight’s Supermoon Affordable housing under review in Dubai Best airlines to fly with in 2017 Indian embassy to take up expats’ rupee concerns Emiratis in US warned of rising harrasment New Rs500, Rs2,000 notes not in UAE Close Recommended For You Mary Poppins coming to Dubai OperaPUBLISHED ON Nov 16, 2016 'Don't panic over scrapped rupees' PUBLISHED ON Nov 16, 2016 'Don't panic over scrapped rupees' PUBLISHED ON Nov 16, 2016 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
About DoD Buzz Twitter Facebook Military.com Sea Air Land Space Cyber International Intelligence Policy Industry Video Latest Headlines November 15, 2016 | Exposing Frays in GOP, McCain Rips Trump-Putin Talks November 14, 2016 | British Firm Tapped to Build V-22 Refueling Pallet November 11, 2016 | Defense Firms See Bonanza Under Trump Administration November 10, 2016 | Marines Do First-of-its-Kind Maintenance Test with F-35B on Ship November 8, 2016 | US Apache Gunships Back Iraqi Forces in Mosul Offensive Search for: Home Air British Firm Tapped to Build V-22 Refueling Pallet TOPICS:CobhamMarine CorpsMV-22BOsprey An MV-22B Osprey with 22nd Marine Expeditionary Unit (MEU) takes off from the amphibious assault ship USS Wasp (LHD 1) on Nov 8, 2016, in the Red Sea. The British defense contractor Cobham Plc was recently awarded a contract to develop a refueling pallet for the tilt-rotor aircraft. (U.S. Marine Corps photo/John A. Hamilton Jr.) Posted By: Brendan McGarry November 14, 2016 A British defense firm has been tapped to develop a refueling pallet for the Marine Corps’ MV-22B Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft made by Boeing Co. and Textron Inc.’s Bell Helicopter unit. Cobham Plc, based in Dorset, England, recently landed a contract from the service to develop the V-22 Aerial Refueling System, or VARS, according to a company announcement. The potential value of the deal wasn’t specified. The hose-and-drogue technology is a modified version of the company’s existing FR300 Hose Drum Unit that can be rolled on and off the aircraft on a standardized pallet, according to the statement. The system, to be manufactured at the company’s plant in Davenport, Iowa, will allow the Osprey to refuel the F-35B Joint Strike Fighter, a stealth fifth-generation fighter made by Lockheed Martin Corp., and the F/A-18 Hornet, a fourth-generation fighter made by Boeing Co., according to Cobham. “With VARS we continue the tradition of providing industry leading aerial refueling capability to war fighters,” Kevin McKeown, vice president and general manager of Cobham Mission Systems, said in a statement. “This program will enable the Marines to extend the flying range of their fighter aircraft and allow for efficient shipboard operations.” The contract for the refueling pallet comes as the military is looking at ways to reduce sustainment costs for the MV-22 — and just months after the first Osprey with 3-D printed parts took flight. An MV-22 equipped with a titanium link and fitting inside an engine nacelle performed a hover during a July 29 demonstration at Patuxent River Naval Air Station in Maryland. The historic test may pave the way for eventually helping to develop replacement parts in faster time and at less cost, officials have said. “That’s where the Rosetta Stone is going to be,” Rear Adm. (Sel.) Francis Morley, vice commander of Naval Air Systems Command, said earlier this year at the Navy League’s Sea Air Space conference outside Washington, D.C., according to a previous article on our Military.com sister blog DoDBuzz by my colleague, Hope Hodge Seck. “If we can start manufacturing flight-critical components, now you’re talking sustainment costs and speed and time; we have some really great opportunities to accelerate,” he added. Previous post Next post About the Author Brendan McGarry Brendan McGarry is the managing editor of Military.com. He can be reached at brendan.mcgarry@military.com. Follow him on Twitter at @Brendan_McGarry. Related Articles Marines Laud JSF Vertical Landing Future Marine Mega-Drone May Carry Same Weapons as F-35 Navy, Marine Corps Build New Sea-Basing Ships Israel Bumps Marines, Will Receive 6 Ospreys in 2 Years Popular Posts Twitter Feed Tweets by @DoDBuzz Recent Posts Exposing Frays in GOP, McCain Rips Trump-Putin Talks British Firm Tapped to Build V-22 Refueling Pallet Defense Firms See Bonanza Under Trump Administration Marines Do First-of-its-Kind Maintenance Test with F-35B on Ship US Apache Gunships Back Iraqi Forces in Mosul Offensive Got a Hot Tip? Get the DoD Buzz Newsletter  RSS | Subscribe by email Twitter | Facebook
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Obama promises to veto bill that would block aircraft exports to Iran By Reuters Published: 19:29 EST, 14 November 2016 | Updated: 19:30 EST, 14 November 2016 e-mail 26 shares By Patricia Zengerle WASHINGTON, Nov 14 (Reuters) - President Barack Obama's administration said on Monday he would veto legislation seeking to block financial transactions related to the export of passenger aircraft to Iran, saying it would undermine the nuclear deal implemented early this year. The legislation in the House of Representatives is the latest Republican-led effort to stop the sale of aircraft to Iran by Airbus and Boeing Co, allowed under the nuclear deal. The White House said U.S. partners would view the bill, if implemented, as a violation of the nuclear agreement. The United States plus Britain, Russia, France, China and Germany agreed to lift sanctions if Iran would curtail its nuclear program. The deals by Airbus and Boeing to sell or lease over 200 jets to IranAir would help modernize and expand the country's elderly fleet, held together by smuggled or improvised parts after years of sanctions. Some members of Congress have raised concerns that killing the sale could cost jobs. But opponents argue that the passenger aircraft could be used for military purposes such as transporting fighters to battle U.S. troops or allies in Syria. The measure would bar the Secretary of the Treasury from authorizing a transaction by a U.S. financial institution related to the export, or re-export, of commercial aircraft to Iran. And it would revoke any authorities enacted before the bill passed, such as those that allowed the Boeing and Airbus sales. The measure also limits the role of Export-Import Bank financing of sales to Iran. Some banks have been reluctant to finance the aircraft deals, fearing they could fall foul of remaining sanctions prohibiting the use of the U.S. financial system for Iranian business. The House is expected to take up, and pass, the measure as soon as this week. It is not expected to get through the Senate, where it would need Democratic support to advance. Lawmakers expect more efforts to stop the aircraft sale, and the broader Iran deal, after Donald Trump becomes U.S. president in January. Trump has been critical of the nuclear agreement, which is seen by Obama supporters as one of the Democratic president's signature foreign policy achievements. (Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Share or comment on this article e-mail 26 shares Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Sicktoria Sponge or Bum-offee Pie? Scarlett Moffatt and Carol Vorderman face the I'm A Celebrity Big Bush Bake Off in latest Bushtucker Trial 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward return to the Beeb to promote The Grand Tour Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED 'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'There's certainly no love lost between them': Laura Whitmore and Giovanni Pernice 'embroiled in backstage feud' before tearful elimination from Strictly Come Dancing My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene Fifi Geldof flogs her used make-up online for £2: PR assistant uses website to sell more than 100 items including lipsticks and eyeliners Flogging accessories online via Depop Jungle bound! Danny Baker and Martin Roberts are confirmed as the latest campmates on I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out Of Here! Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini for dip in the Indian Ocean...before smooching beau Hugo Taylor in smitten snap  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Why The Missing is too good to miss: It's TV's most compelling (and deliciously complex) drama. Here's our TV critic's must-read guide  Spencer Matthews and retired rugby aces Gareth Thomas and Jason Robinson are the first contestants named for the next series of Channel 4's The Jump Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Wayne Rooney 'was so drunk he couldn't string a sentence together as he partied until FIVE in the morning' after gatecrashing wedding at fancy hotel  'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit at Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy he even has a role in mind  Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold? Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square Peace out! Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Hillary Clinton and dealing with a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  Go glitter! As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the collection pieces  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Good time girls  Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Her turn to make her mark on music industry Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Flashed lacy black strap Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Said she was 'serious'' Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Plays Connor Walsh  Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Los Angeles Looked tanned and relaxed Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad It's a steak out! Trump hoodwinks reporters and sneaks out of Trump Tower to eat with family at famous 21 Club - and gets standing ovation from diners before taking his favorite table Mayhem at Oklahoma airport after father of Kansas City Chiefs player is shot dead and a 'sniper's nest is found' in nearby parking garage along with suspect's body Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller 'attempts to stop woman blackmailing him over $2.5million over sex tape she filmed' Inspirational story behind Brian Mast, the 36-year-old military vet Harvard grad who lost both legs in Afghanistan and has now become a congressman after winning swing state REVEALED: North Carolina foster parents who featured on 'Extreme Makeover: Home Edition' gave AWAY their five children after getting the home of their dreams One-year-old baby shot in the face by sibling, 2, while they sat in parked car in Louisiana strip mall Athens in flames: Greek protesters riot against arrival of Obama after blaming the US president for their eight-year depression Man, 26, pleads guilty to breaking into a six-year-old girl's home, snatching her from her bed and raping her How quickly can YOU spot which tile is out of place? Tricky puzzle leaves the internet scratching its head  West Virginia mayor resigns after backlash over racist Facebook post describing Michelle Obama as an 'ape in heels' Gun used by man killed who shot and injured an Alaska officer is connected to FIVE unsolved murders LeBron James slams coaching legend Phil Jackson for using the term 'posse' to describe Cleveland star's business partners Straight-A student, 16, 'stabs five of his classmates in a high school locker room then turns the knife on himself' Hero passer-by shoots and kills suspect attacking cop as the officer yells 'shoot him, shoot him!' Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher reveals she enjoyed a 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Boy, 14, weighing just 55lbs is in critical condition after being locked for two years in the basement of his Alabama home Texas woman finds armed 'sex offender' hiding under her stairs and her son shoots him in the face Chili's manager who confiscated African-American soldier's free Veterans Day meal has been 'removed' from his job Denver becomes the first city in the US to allow marijuana in bars and restaurants Murder charge brought against man accused of abusing his long-term girlfriend so much that she committed suicide is thrown out 'I am a terrorist your honor': Minnesota man who planned to join ISIS in Syria is sentenced to 10 years in prison after telling the judge he is a jihadi Who are the Hipster Four? Suspected fraudsters accused of installing skimming device on deli ATM are caught on camera laughing and joking around Manhattan Mexican-born American man, 29, deported after trying to illegally cross into Russia for a 'better life' Fatty foods attack children's brains - paving the way to depression, learning difficulties, and Alzheimer's, study reveals Previous Next Passengers aboard American Airlines plane which caught fire at Chicago airport sue over 'unsafe construction' Passengers  who were aboard an American Airlines aircraft that caught fire last month have filed a lawsuit Their suit claims General Electric sold a faulty engine that Chicago-based Boeing used to assemble an unsafe aircraft The passengers also claim American Airlines employees should have done a better job inspecting the plane They contend employees failed to provide 'assistance, supervision and instruction' during evacuation All 161 passengers and nine crew safely evacuated, with officials saying 20 people suffered minor injuries  By Associated Press Published: 21:52 EST, 14 November 2016 | Updated: 13:41 EST, 15 November 2016 e-mail 29 shares 18 View comments A lawsuit has been filed by 18 passengers who were aboard an American Airlines aircraft that caught fire last month on the tarmac of Chicago's O'Hare International Airport after an engine failed. The lawsuit was filed Monday in Cook County Circuit Court.  The passengers are suing American Airlines, aircraft manufacturer Boeing Inc. and engine manufacturer General Electric Aviation. The lawsuit claims GE sold a faulty engine that Chicago-based Boeing used to assemble an unsafe aircraft, The Chicago Sun-Times reported.  Passengers walk away from a burning American Airlines jet that aborted takeoff and caught fire on the runway at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport in this October 28 photo The passengers also claim American Airlines employees should have done a better job inspecting the plane.  They contend employees failed to provide 'assistance, supervision and instruction' during evacuation. Pilots on October 28 aborted the takeoff of American Airlines Flight 383 to Miami.  All 161 passengers and nine crew safely evacuated, with officials saying 20 people suffered minor injuries.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Judge orders Making A Murderer 'accomplice' Brendan Dassey... EXCLUSIVE: Trump University students hit back at... Share this article Share The lawsuit seeks unspecified damages, the Chicago Sun-Times reported.   American Airlines declined to comment on Tuesday morning. Boeing Inc. and General Electric Aviation did not immediately respond to Tuesday morning requests for comment. Chicago firefighters investigate a fire damaged American Airlines jet in October at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago Read more: 18 passengers sue after fiery engine failure at O'Hare Share or comment on this article e-mail 29 shares Most watched News videos Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Ivanka Trump gives glimpse of her father's $100m penthouse 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Protestor at an anti-Trump rally at Ohio State gets slammed Obama on Trump: This office has a way of waking you up Is this the creepy moment the corpse of a girl OPENS her eyes? Killer wife and lover speak out over fatal love triangle Shocking moment Kumbuka tries to smash glass at London Zoo Lavish mansion to rundown ruins: Learn about Briarcliff mansion SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain':... Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100... Inside America's 'creepiest mall': Apocalyptic images... The mansion that Coke built: Haunting photos show how home... 'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15,... Chaos at Oklahoma airport after Southwest Airlines employee... West Virginia officials under fire for racist Facebook post... It's a steak out! Trump hoodwinks reporters and sneaks out... EXCLUSIVE: Woman, 53, jailed for killing her cheating... 'My life goal is to assassinate Trump': Ohio man is first to... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (18) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'A** parade': Kourtney Kardashian shares very revealing image of sister Khloe in a bathing suit... then posts an equally naughty snap of herself Risque shots April Love Geary, 21, posts more sizzling bikini snaps from Necker Island but remains tight-lipped over 'secret marriage' to Robin Thicke, 39 Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together Vampy in velvet! Emma Watson stuns in black dress for Museum Of Modern Art benefit in NYC honoring Tom Hanks Looked sleek and sexy Newly flame-haired Bella Thorne bares her abs after gym session with her 'twin' sister Dani Was dressed for action in a grey sports bra Trevor Noah comments on Donald Trump's 'Stop it' response to hate crimes Sponsored Steven Spielberg's daughter Destry Allyn launches modelling career as she seductively tugs on mini dress in new photo shoot So what really happened onboard Flight Brangelina? FAA audio reveals NO fight was reported - despite claims Brad 'lunged' at son Maddox Coco Austin wears low-cut gown as she poses with baby Chanel while talking plans for the child's first birthday party Lavish affair Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Says she is serious  That's a bit tight! Ireland Baldwin puts on eye-popping display in a TINY bikini top for series of selfies Shared busty selfies of herself Sexy for Scott! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she continues to enjoy getaway with Disick  'You need to be there in one hour!' Justin Bieber 'invites six girls to his hotel suite' after placing social media request for female company in Prague 'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Ariel Winter dons tiny shorts for fast food at In-N-Out Burger in Burbank Finished off her scantily-clad ensemble with a grey top Girl time! Michelle Williams is attached at the hip with gal pal Busy Philipps...after talking about daughter Matilda's 'petting zoo' Spotted in Los Angeles Rihanna shows off her fiery red locks as she's spotted on the set of Bates Motel in Vancouver  The Needed Me singer has a soft spot for acting Seeing red! Amy Adams and lookalike ginger Isla Fisher stock up for the holidays at Beverly Hills gifting suite The pair both looked amazing  Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Looked as calm and collected as can be  That's a long haul! Tom Hiddleston looks a little weary after arriving back in LA after London trip Carried his own luggage with a large rucksack  Wildest Dreams! Taylor Swift tops Forbes richest celebs under 30 list with $170 million in ONE YEAR...more than double her nearest rival  Another massive year Prince's record label sues Jay-Z and Tidal for 'streaming all of the late singers music without permission'  The company has been streaming since June Has Margot Robbie moved to LA? Australian actress puts on a loved up display with boyfriend Tom Ackerley as they arrive in after bidding farewell to the UK Sheer beauty! Milla Jovovich leads the style crowd at special Los Angeles screening for David O. Russell and Prada collaboration Looked stylish  Cleopatra comin' at ya! Pregnant Marion Cotillard wears Egyptian-inspired outfit to Allied screening in NYC Growing baby bump Double date! Tom Hanks and Rita Wilson hang with longtime friends Steven Spielberg and Kate Capshaw at MOMA tribute to actor Paid homage to Hanks Amber Heard and Cara Delevingne opt for casual chic outfits while shopping together at Los Angeles flea market Enjoyed some outdoor retail therapy together Chrissy Teigen looks chic in all white before she slips into plush black ensemble to match John Legend on romantic date night in NYC 'Turn haters into motivators!': Khloe Kardashian whips fans into shape in trailer for new TV series Revenge Body Struggles with body image Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Singer looked stunning in Los Angeles  Is she fur real? Lady Gaga wears MASSIVE furry pelt as she pampers herself at Epione Salon in Beverly Hills Made quite the entrance 'Due to the current climate': Alicia Keys switches from new single to political song Holy War on The Voice The 35-year-old singer got political  Celebrity chef Matthew Tivy, 55, dies from brain tumor while awaiting trial on charges of having sex with a teenage boy Passed away  Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about  her 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars 'I love my husband and kids more than acting': Nicole Kidman reveals she and Keith Urban decide their next career moves during 'family meetings'  Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport Jumped on a connecting flight from Australia 'I think we'd be great together!' Billy Bob Thornton wants to work with ex-wife Angelina Jolie's estranged husband Brad Pitt  Told Playboy Magazine Fabulous at 47! Model Christy Turlington looks elegant in black and diamonds at Tom Hanks MOMA tribute in NYC The Vogue model wore a black dress Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Looked like she had plenty on her mind 'Neither is willing to betray anything intimate': Michael Fassbender and girlfriend Alicia Vikander have agreement not to discuss relationship Julian McMahon takes a dip with wife Kelly Paniagua at a Gold Coast beach in between shoots as he rocks 70s style moustache for new film Flammable Children New couple? Avril Lavigne and Ryan Cabrera 'snuggle up' at New York City restaurant where they sip wine and mingle with pals Extremely affectionate  No time to sleep! Britney Spears keeps fans awake as she releases new single Slumber Party at midnight    Big release for star How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Declared he was heterosexual  An early Christmas present! Christina Hendricks flaunts her formidable bust in tight dress at Bad Santa 2 premiere Looked radiant  WWE wrestler Big Van Vader announces on Twitter he is dying of congestive heart failure and has two years to live  Tragic news She's a bag lady! Hilary Duff shows off her $11k Hermes purse while running errands in Studio City The 29-year-old was spotted looking tanned  'I've never felt this pain before': Below Deck's Nico Scholly mourns death of his 21-year-old brother Tristen Bravo reality star shared heart-breaking tweets 'She called me her second daughter': Ariel Winter gushes about Caitlyn Jenner after they meet at Glamour awards She is a big fan of the Kardashian clan Joanna Krupa sues Tampa strip club for using her image without permission to promote 'dance and shower' shows Pink Pony club Sally Wood, 38, shows off her post-baby body in a leather dress as she joins husband Ronnie ,69, at The Rolling Stones' Exhibitionism launch in New York Caitlyn Jenner puts on leggy display as she goes on her daily coffee run in Malibu in patterned mini skirt Long hair was as usual parted in the middle Beauty and brains! Cindy Crawford goes back to school to expand on her savvy business skills The 50-year-old posted a snap of her desk  Hell for leather! Olivia Culpo brings serious va va voom to photo shoot in clingy trousers and sexy boots  Also rocked a fluffy, off-the-shoulder sweater  Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Spy Kids movies star Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in magical gown at Fantastic Beasts premiere... but is her dress silver or gold?  Shakira thanks fans for well wishes during son's illness and says one-year-old tot is 'back to his cheerful self' Canceled appearance at Latin Grammy's recently Baby joy! Sunset Beach star Ashley Hamilton welcomes a daughter with girlfriend Renee Karalian The 42-year-old son of George Hamilton  From boho to the boudoir! Elsa Pataky shows off her enviably-toned body in sultry lingerie campaign images Wife of Chris Hemsworth Meghan Markle 'wants a future with Prince Harry and is ready to give it all up to make their relationship work'  The actress is currently starring in Suits Poppy appeal! Glamorous Dame Joan Collins continues to sport a Remembrance Day poppy as she makes a super chic entrance at LAX No filter! Social media stars Devin Brugman and Natasha Oakley flaunt their natural curves in bikinis in candid beach snaps Bikini bloggers Georgia May & Co hit the pub after Royal Academy do: Model joined by Suki Waterhouse and Lily Donaldson for a night on the town  Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Move over Miley! Little sister Noah Cyrus unveils her first single Make Me (Cry) Dad broke achy hearts and her sister came in like a wrecking ball He's ripped! Nick Jonas displays buff biceps and six-pack abs as music, film and TV star covers new Men's Fitness Looking good  'There are areas we're exploring': HBO executive CONFIRMS Game Of Thrones prequel talks with creator George R.R. Martin As Mariah Carey dazzles in a revealing, crystal-encrusted bodysuit for her MAC make-up campaign, we zoom in on the pieces in the collection Moving on! Jared Leto lists his $2 million Hollywood Hills starter home nearly two years after splurging on a $5 million mansion Making a tidy profit too Tony Bennett, 90, reveals he met his third wife Susan, 50, when her pregnant mother came to one of his gigs  Revealed in his memoir, Just Getting Started Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Left show tragically  No wonder he's smiling! Guy Ritchie's wife Jacqui stuns in plunging black velvet jumpsuit as they attend Fantastic Beasts premiere  'I don't have time to fuss in the mirror for hours': Elsa Pataky reveals how moving to Byron Bay helped her embrace 'hippy' style  Chris Hemsworth's wife Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Spotted leaving Fig & Olive Gotham star Morena Baccarin 'fights ex-husband Austin Chick in court after he blocks son's trip to see dying great-grandmother in Brazil  Kim Zolciak suggests husband Kroy Biermann as a co-host for Kelly Ripa on the morning show Live! With Kelly Is she trying to find the free agent a job? Jeremy Clarkson claims he was kicked off a flight by airport worker who shouted 'I'm from Argentina so f*** you!' in Falklands rant Grand Tour host  'Someone asked me who the hunk on my screensaver is. It's JOE BIDEN': Internet users go gaga after snapshots of a young Vice President flood social media Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY middle in latest waist-training selfie Said it was 'disturbing' FEMAIL rounds up holiday make-up inspiration to steal from the star-studded and gorgeous Glamour Women of the Year Awards red carpet  Don't book 'em! Gossip Girl actress Tika Sumpter outraged after her mom is arrested for $10 LIBRARY FINE - even though she already returned the book Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller 'attempts to stop woman blackmailing him over $2.5m sex tape she filmed' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'Hallmark-card cliché' romance with Blake Lively... as he hints they slept together on first date Heavily pregnant Teresa Palmer is 'exhausted' at 36 weeks as she crashes on the couch in an awkward position Warm Bodies star 'Apologies in advance!' Ivanka Trump shares funny video of Arabella jumping in Theo's crib while performing an enthusiastic rendition of the 'Pineapple Pen' song Inside Donald Trump's $100million penthouse: Gold-rimmed candy bowls, a toy Mercedes for his 10-year-old son, coloring pencils for his wife and painted ceilings Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fightback The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals the juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala He got in the center of their feud Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Colonial-style home is owned by media mogul Bill O'Reilly suggests Megyn Kelly is making Fox News 'look bad' by releasing book claiming she was sexually harassed by Roger Ailes Appeared to criticize her Well it was the 80s! Diana's most memorable outfits are celebrated in a new exhibition Traces the evolution of the Princess's style A lesson in style! As Sophia Richie and Gigi Hadid embrace high school chic in letterman jackets, FEMAIL finds the coolest varsity bombers on the market Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Soon over heartache 'So what did you think of the Nubian ibexes?' Queen Elizabeth has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth host Sir David Attenborough at Buckingham Palace Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Third baby for actress 'We already love him': George W. Bush and wife Laura announce adoption of adorable rescue puppy named Freddy New addition to family Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir A big day for the Pitch Perfect actress 'He scared the s*** out of us': Lin-Manuel Miranda claims rapper Immortal Technique was a school bully Shared that the rapper used to pick on him 'What a mess!' Bristol Palin shares a snap of her nearly one-year-old daughter Sailor Grace grinning away while covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs Ivanka Trump comes under fire after her company promotes $10k bracelet she wore  during father's first TV interview as president-elect Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Got very emotional 'I hope you realise what s*** you laid on Yoko!': John Lennon's furious letter to Paul and Linda McCartney over their treatment of his wife goes up for auction Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic stroll Had smiles fixed to their faces Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Judge rules Nick Loeb must name his former lovers at the request of ex-fiance Sofia Vergara in bitter row over frozen embryos he wants to raise as children For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60million Super property  What a waist! Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo The magic returns! Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at star-studded London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win She's only 12! A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Let me entertain you! Legendary pop singer Robbie Williams to take centre stage at Australian music's night of nights and award show the ARIAS Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Bono is joined by his wife and daughters as he urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality during Glamour Awards acceptance speech  Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy The couple have already named the bundle of joy Jimi Hendrix's adopted sister is sued by the musician's bandmate for 'refusing to return guitars used in Rock and Roll Hall of Fame exhibit' Ugly battle Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London As fashion brands vow to donate funds to Planned Parenthood with sale of specially-designed products, FEMAIL rounds up the items now being sold Nick Viall goes shirtless as contestants fawn over his 'super hot' body in first promo for The Bachelor's new season Fans can't wait! 'Strange men turned up outside. Death threats were common': Megyn Kelly reveals safety fears after 'thin-skinned' Trump began publicly attacking her What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Welcomed her daughter just five days ago 'The band back together!': Kelly Ripa shares rare family photo with husband Mark Consuelos and their full brood Happy family  Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  Real name is Katherine von Drachenberg Reality star Kristin Cavallari said she's been bullied by 'insecure' fan of her Chicago Bears quarterback husband Jay Cutler on Twitter 'Never let anyone belittle you for your gender': Hilaria Baldwin tells her three-year-old daughter to never be 'objectified' in letter following Hillary's defeat Prince Harry wears identical bracelet to the one girlfriend Meghan Markle has as he meets staff at a sexual health charity and is serenaded by the group's choir Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is officially named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Williams, 36, was simply stunning  'He been f***ing some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'It's great that she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah Bagshawe... and jokes they are just 'trying to keep their baby alive' Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of $200m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH the trio if it fails Megyn Kelly claims Roger Ailes threatened her after she rejected his advances, and he'd still be Fox News CEO if Gretchen Carlson hadn't filed lawsuit Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife A-list crowd Make like Madonna in Cuba, Kim Kardashian in Mexico or the Beckhams in Greece: The hottest places to holiday in 2017 according to A-Listers That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I do!' Adrienne Bailon and Israel Houghton share first kiss in touching wedding video Revealed the dress and the wedding cake and first dance  The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Tried to board a flight Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time Was unrecognizable Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian Laurie Hernandez tearfully dances way into DWTS finals as late grandmother cheers her on in pretaped message The 16-year-old wiped away tears A family affair! Pregnant Tori Spelling shows her support for The Rock's new movie as she attends Moana premiere with her children Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after being honoured the year before Looked sensational  Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Revealing outfit Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Enjoyed a rare night out with her husband  Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Her most famous feature 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's how to do maternity wear Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves Hated the last one Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana She stunned for the star-studded occasion 'She stole my heart': Garth Brooks and Miley Cyrus fight back tears over teenager Darby Walker on The Voice They were both moved by her Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't decide on which look to keep 'Get over it': Jax Taylor tells girlfriend Brittany Cartwright to move past his growing rumors on Vanderpump Rules Risked losing her once and for all Making him proud! Robert Irwin, Bindi and their family, pay tribute to the late Steve Irwin as they put on a crocodile show at Australia Zoo Keeping his memory Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Once the Undisputed WWE Champion Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  Revealed how much of a big deal her photos are Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit Was a featured speaker at the LA event  Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Award Cut glamorous figures Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards One of the world's most recognizable models Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Turned a head or two Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA Top for the crops Has Chloe Lattanzi been editing her Instagram photos AGAIN? Olivia Newton-John's daughter shows off her VERY slim frame in new snaps Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA He looks younger than ever Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles The Blue Lagoon star layered her sweater with a white tee underneath 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album Disco doll! Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash Gave NeueHouse Hollywood patrons an eyeful of her taut figure Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Where's Eleven? Caleb McLaughlin, Gaten Matarazzo and Finn Wolfhard seen on Stranger Things season two set for first time Getting excited   Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend wished his fellow countryman well via video  Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney Emma Roberts cuts a stylish figure in skintight top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles The niece of Julia Roberts Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening Was joined at Cadillac House by husband Johannes Huebl and Poppy Delevingne Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message      DON'T MISS Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner can't believe their ears after learning about Kris Jenner's car crash in KUWTK preview Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  Ashley Graham sizzles as she flashes cleavage in sexy beaded jumpsuit at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after wowing in clingy black dress What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Star looked stunning She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry, asks EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  The 20-year-old wowed in an exquisite number Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video Very 21st century way to get around 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet affection  'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Bought some necessary edge to the premiere She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Looked beautiful  'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer For the upcoming film Patriots Day The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon Sofia Richie doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District More used to wrapping gold around his waist Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to hubby James Cook at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time Met the baby 18 days after his big brother Kevin welcomed her Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? Jessica Marais oozes sex appeal as she shows off her cleavage in a range of stunning dresses for sultry InStyle beach cover shoot Bon Jovi takes Billboard's number one album spot for SIXTH time with This House Is Not For Sale Sold 129,000 units according to figures Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy above-knee boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch 'Deadliest Catch' star is severely beaten and robbed after an altercation in Washington  Jake Harris was brutally attacked and robbed  The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film All the handbags but no clothes to wear? Model Jessica Hart strips down to bikini top and dances around in a revealing new Christmas video Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family 'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' James Packer's ex-fiancée Kate Fischer shares cryptic message alongside a throwback photo of the former couple Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly knows how to make a splash 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands Monday was a regular errand-running day for the A-lister Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) He's serving eight years Time to eat some Indian food? Pregnant Laura Csortan is WELL past her due date as she displays her baby bump in bikini snap Australian model  It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371,000 Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended Not a great start... Life's a beach! Liam Hemsworth dons a wet-suit as he enjoys surf session in Malibu after fiancée Miley Cyrus finally confirmed their engagement Meghan McCain named permanent co-host of Fox News's Outnumbered, three months after ousted Andrea Tantaros filed lawsuit against network Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie Looked in good spirits Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards Nominees named Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Busy mom-to-be Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Great way to bust any stress 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Showcased edgy side 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett talks about being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence Celebrity lookalikes He's an icon too! Duke of Edinburgh, 95, is shown objects from around the world as he opens London's Design Museum The Queen's husband Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS so easy! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick William or Harry in an interview months before royal romance NBC executives refused to let Saturday Night Live endorse Hillary Clinton for president claims Alec Baldwin  Plays Trump on show Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when swimsuit unfastens British aristocrat 'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Celebrating his 36th Twice the star power! Madonna and Zac Efron take selfies together as they watch UFC's Connor McGregor fight Lucky Madonna even got a kiss from Zac! Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the 58-year-old singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting in 1998 as they got their hair cut at same salon Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in Victoria's footsteps as he makes a fashion statement with pink beanie hat while out for lunch with friends She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Victoria's Secret Angel looked catwalk ready Naomi Campbell speaks about what it means to be black and British and joins other stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin color PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Vacation heating up  Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Hid most of her face Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Message on page said it 'isn't available' LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Held on to him firmly Ryan Lochte's fiancée Kayla Rae Reid reveals she posed as Playboy's Miss July 2015 with a botched breast augmentation 'Were just too big'  'You cannot be erotic': Showgirls director Paul Verhoeven says there is not enough sex onscreen in Hollywood He blamed the lucrative PG-13 market 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Said he was 'amazing' 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son Adam writes emotional tribute to his father following his death at 82 First full Ghost in the Shell trailer drops... as Scarlett Johansson admits 'nude' suit was easier than Black Widow costume Film is set in 2070 SPOILER ALERT: Rick Grimes makes explosive revelation about his 'daughter' Judith on The Walking Dead He is everyone's favorite post-apocalypse dad  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary buff! Ms Duff puts her sculpted physique on display in a studded bikini during Mexican holiday Fun in the sun Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen, 42, shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami after split from Scottie Back in business! Queen Letizia of Spain showcases her slender frame in a charcoal suit at a Madrid conference Harked back to her days as a news reader 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with British pop star husband Robbie Williams 'Wolf with rabies': Teresa Giudice continues taunting Jacqueline Laurita as fiery RHONJ reunion concludes Can't stay friends 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Stark warning Feeding the flock! Jennifer Garner and estranged husband Ben Affleck provide snacks for family church as they bring their children to Sunday service Reunited and it feels so good! Jennifer Garner flashes her lithe legs in a chic LBD as she enjoys night out with former Alias co-star Victor Garber 'I thought my life would be normal': Hollywood megastar Goldie Hawn says she only ever wanted to get married, have children and run a dance school  'I'm fed up and shutting this down!' Gabby Douglas puts her foot down over cruel online trolls, vowing to block anyone who 'can't be nice' in furious post Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar  'My sunshine, you're amazing': Bindi Irwin shares heartfelt tribute to her American boyfriend Chandler Powell on his 20th birthday  Khloe Kardashian posts cryptic Instagram message amid speculation she's split with new beau Tristan Thompson Is it over already? Iman takes incognito ride on NYC subway... days after the release of David Bowie's posthumous album Hid beneath wig and sunglasses 'Erica is really excited': James Packer's ex wife said to be looking forward to spending the summer in Sydney with Seal and their SIX children  Sparkling in sequins! Zelda Williams shimmers in gold and black dress with thigh high boots for LA fashion show The 27-year-old wowed Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight 'I'm going to be a daughter': Ivanka Trump denies she will be part of her father's administration in first televised interview since election victory  Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner 'Sometimes he listens, sometimes he doesn't': Melania says she tells Donald when he overdoes it on Twitter but ultimately 'he will do what he wants' Ashley Graham shows off her fabulous curves in a fitted black cold-shoulder dress as she attends star-studded fashion bash Megyn Kelly opens up to Dr Phil about the 'sexual harassment' she suffered at hands of Roger Ailes and how Trump once 'screamed' at her  Hailey Baldwin flaunts her bikini body in a swimsuit before planting a kiss on her female friend Daughter of Stephen Baldwin Mums unite! Jennifer Garner and Rachel Zoe bring their children to a star-studded outdoor Malibu party Sunday afternoons are meant for partying  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kate Upton and fiancé Justin Verlander put on a tactile display on romantic Italian vacation SI Swimsuit model kept close  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kourtney Kardashian flaunts fabulous figure in skimpy bikini on romantic getaway in Mexico with on/off beau Scott Disick She's ripped! Former model and author Kelly Bensimon, 48,  wears torn blue jeans while out with teenage daughter Thadeus in New York City Billy Bob Thornton smokes a cigarette as he touches down in LA after saying ex-wife Angelina Jolie 'seems OK' following Brad Pitt split Nicole Kidman reunites with To Die For co-star Casey Affleck for Variety's Actors on Actors taping Reunion 21 years after film was released  In a Potter bother! Fantastic Beasts star Eddie Redmayne reveals he got grilled over wand after trying to smuggle it through customs Stunning at 70! Goldie Hawn cuts a fabulous figure in silk dress as she makes an appearance ahead of her comedy show in Australia 'FIRST look': Ruby Rose posts teaser of The Veronicas' new single On Your Side... which details her love story with singer Jess Origliasso  Lea Michele shimmers in strapless dress as Kristen Bell goes sheer daring in lacy top for Christmas event in LA Attended The Grove Christmas event Nikki Reed stuns in white off-the-shoulder patterned top as she attends  American Civil Liberties Union dinner in Beverly Hills  Looked gorgeous  More Fergalicious than ever! Fergie's got legs for days in behind-the-scenes footage from new video Life Goes On  Black Eyed Peas beauty posted racy clip  'You started it': Kenya Moore and Shereé Whitfield hurl nasty insults over home renovations on Real Housewives of Atlanta  Feisty friction  Jamie Foxx has fun on set with Robert Downey Jr and Jeremy Piven as they film All-Star Weekend Revolves around two tow-truck drivers No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  Ignored questions regarding his plans to run for president Mother-of-two Jessica Alba, 35, goes casual chic as she takes her two daughters Honor, eight, and Haven, five, to the Beverly Hills Farmers' Market Elizabeth Hurley wows in a plunging black dress as she's joined by her very dapper son Damian, 14, for a night at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards  Happiest place! Ashlee Simpson and hubby Evan Ross enjoy family bonding day with kids at Disneyland Knows how to have family fun Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose as they get their groove on at UK theater awards Lily James is spring chic in yellow dress and denim jacket as she is seen for first time on set of Baby Driver Fans of Edgar Wright can rest assured Animal attraction! Make-up free Heidi Klum, 43, gets wild with leopard print at a celeb-studded fundraiser in Los Angeles Kept it casual  Unhappy birthday to you! Glum Hillary Clinton supporter  Anne Hathaway is a lady in red as she heads out for fancy celebratory dinner in New York Puppy love! Sofia Richie, 18, shows taut tummy as pal Cameron Dallas carries cute canine at West Hollywood store Puppy love  She's got some front! Rebecca Hall looks radiant in low-cut patterned dress at AFI Fest in Los Angeles The Christine star wore an eccentric outfit  'You had me at bonjour': Make-up free Rebecca Gayheart, 45, shows off her clear complexion as she dons cheeky T-shirt at charity event Kate Beckinsale shows off her slim figure in tight top as she attends AFI FEST in Los Angeles Arrived at the Roosevelt Hotel Pregnant Katherine Heigl, 37, dresses her baby bump with loose fitting tank top at flea market with husband Josh Kelley in Pasadena, California  She's a real page turner! Emma Roberts goes make-up free as she peruses a newsstand in LA Loked comfortable and stylish Back to her pre-baby best! Kim Kardashian recycles 2009 Princess Jasmine costume for fun with North Body is back in pre-baby shape 'You always inspire': Sylvester Stallone presents Jackie Chan with honourary Oscar... as Arnold Schwarzenegger also pays tribute 'Fight like a Brenda:' Beverly Hills, 90210 cast honor absent Shannen Doherty at reunion event amid her breast cancer battle Touching gesture  Sharp-suited Tom Hiddleston arrives at Evening Standard Theatre Awards in good spirits... amid claims Taylor Swift will sing about their breakup The Duchess of Cambridge looks chic in a DVF coat as she joins Camilla and Sophie Wessex at the Cenotaph on Remembrance Sunday Australian model Pia Miller flaunts her ample cleavage in a low-cut swimsuit as she spends the weekend by the water with beau Tyson Mullane Nikki Reed looks radiant in floral patterned frock as she cuddles up to Ian Somerhalder at Unlikely Heroes event in Dallas Was a hostess at event Bea parties as the royals remember: Princess hits the town at a private members' club as the Queen and other royals attend Remembrance service  Sophie's tears as the nation stops to remember: ROBERT HARDMAN witnesses poignant scenes as the Queen leads the commemoration What a whirl-wand trip! Eddie Redmayne looks exhausted as he lands in London in time for the UK premiere of Fantastic Beasts after debuting movie in New York A man cave for her Tyga? Kylie Jenner stocks a special room with Playboy magazine for 'the boys' at her Hidden Hills mansion Saucy collection  Pucker up! Jesse Metcalfe and fiancee Cara Santana pack on the PDA at their engagement party The pair have been dating for eight years  SNL mocks overconfident white Hillary Clinton voters in election night sketch Dave Chappelle was joined by Chris Rock for very on the nose sketch  Margo Stilley flashes her bra and hot pants in raunchy sheer dress as she makes rare red carpet appearance at Evening Standard Theatre Awards PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Megan Fox and Brian Austin Green take baby Journey and his older brothers on family outing Relaxed stroll  Swift beatz? Pop princess Taylor calls on rumored rapper flame Drake 'to help give her music a hip-hop vibe' Has approached the 30-year-old rapper Prince's estate 'rejects Jay Z's $40million offer toward late icon's unreleased work' They didn't want 'Roc Nation to exploit any of the intellectual property  Today's headlines Most Read It's a steak out! Trump hoodwinks reporters and sneaks out of Trump Tower to eat with family at famous 21... Chaos at Oklahoma airport after Southwest Airlines employee and father of NFL player is shot dead and a... Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller 'attempts to stop woman blackmailing him over... Inspirational story of Brian Mast, the 36-year-old military vet Harvard grad who lost his legs in... REVEALED: North Carolina foster parents who featured on 'Extreme Makeover: Home Edition' gave AWAY their... Man, 26, pleads guilty to breaking into a six-year-old girl's home, snatching her from her bed and raping... How quickly can YOU spot which tile is out of place? Tricky puzzle leaves the internet scratching its head  Straight-A student, 16, 'stabs five of his classmates in a high school locker room then turns the knife on... Hero passer-by shoots and kills suspect attacking cop as the officer yells 'shoot him, shoot him!' West Virginia mayor resigns after backlash over racist Facebook post describing Michelle Obama as an 'Ape in... Gun used by man killed who shot and injured an Alaska officer is connected to FIVE unsolved murders LeBron James slams coaching legend Phil Jackson for using the term 'posse' to describe Cleveland star's... Boy, 14, weighing just 55lbs is in critical condition after being locked for two years in the basement of... Texas woman finds armed ‘sex offender’ hiding under her stairs and her son shoots him in the face Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about her 'wine-sodden' affair with... Chili's manager who confiscated African-American soldier's free Veterans Day meal has been 'removed' from... Denver becomes the first city in the US to allow marijuana in bars and restaurants Murder charge brought against man accused of abusing his long-term girlfriend so much that she committed... 'I am a terrorist your honor': Minnesota man who planned to join ISIS in Syria is sentenced to 10 years in... Who are the Hipster Four? Suspected fraudsters accused of installing skimming device on deli ATM are caught... Mexican-born American man, 29, deported after trying to illegally cross into Russia for a 'better life' Fatty foods attack children's brains - paving the way to depression, learning difficulties, and Alzheimer's,... Mystery deaths in paradise: Man and woman die from heart attacks at almost exactly the same time while... Why you should ALWAYS drink red wine when you smoke, according to medical report Wildest Dreams! Taylor Swift tops Forbes richest celebs under 30 list with $170 million in ONE YEAR...more... Assistant principal who wanted to try marijuana for her 50th ends up hospitalized and in jail after... More than half the 112 anti-Trump protesters arrested in Portland didn't even vote Did Russian police MURDER 'suicidal' 15-year-olds after claiming the lovers shot themselves at the end of... Why are so many dogs being killed by Detroit's cops? Shocking investigation finds that two officers alone... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary and Bill had a screaming match over who to blame for her flagging campaign - the ex-president so angry he threw his phone off the roof of his Arkansas penthouse  'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama says Trump can't keep his promises as he warns his successor's 'temperament' will be his doom unless he 'corrects' it 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain': Husband 'catches his wife cheating' by using a DRONE Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100 million Trump Tower penthouse, complete with gold-rimmed candy bowls, a Mercedes for his son, 10, and ceiling murals of the Greek gods Inside America's 'creepiest mall': Apocalyptic images capture abandoned shopping center weeks before derelict building is due to be torn down The mansion that Coke built: Haunting photos show how home built by debauched Coca-Cola tycoon - who had his own zoo and magic tricks room - has now crumbled into disrepair  'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15, livestream shootout with police after running away together and even post photos on Instagram before killing themselves  Chaos at Oklahoma airport after Southwest Airlines employee and father of NFL player is shot dead and a 'sniper's nest is found' in nearby parking garage West Virginia officials under fire for racist Facebook post which described Michelle Obama as an 'Ape in heels' compared to 'classy, beautiful' Melania Trump It's a steak out! Trump hoodwinks reporters and sneaks out of Trump Tower to eat with family at famous 21 Club - and promises diners 'we'll get your taxes down' before taking his favorite table  EXCLUSIVE: Woman, 53, jailed for killing her cheating millionaire husband after being taunted by his mistress, 34, who sent her videos of them having sex, breaks down in first prison interview 'My life goal is to assassinate Trump': Ohio man is first to be charged for sending threatening election night tweet Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he tells how HE won by going to 'every fish fry'  Supermoon 2016: Stunning photographs show incredible sights as the moon is the closest to the Earth it has been for 68 years Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together Man accused of raping and killing a 4-year-old girl is murdered after a mob storm the police station where he was held and drag him out to hang him from a tree  Abandoned girl, five, found at New York's Port Authority Bus Terminal leads cops to her mother's murdered body at home in Connecticut in 'love-triangle gone awry' Hero passer-by shoots and kills suspect attacking cop as the officer yells 'shoot him, shoot him!' Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible €1 million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Straight-A student, 16, 'stabs five of his classmates in a high school locker room then turns the knife on himself' Bizarre birther theory suggests Donald Trump was born in PAKISTAN before he was adopted and taken to America when his parents died in a car accident Chili's manager who confiscated African-American soldier's free Veterans Day meal has been 'removed' from his job Ivanka Trump apologizes for promoting $10k bracelet from her jewelry line on back of father's first TV interview as president-elect 'It's a knife fight at Trump Tower': Priebus and Bannon already 'at war over Secretary of State pick' as team descends into 'buffoonery' amid claims Trump underestimated transition to White House The dramatic moment a police sniper shot a child kidnapper dead as he held the two-year-old girl hostage Trump's secret weapon to make friends with Beijing is revealed! Video of his grand-daughter Arabella perfectly reciting poetry in Mandarin goes viral in China The moment an anti-Trump protester is tackled from behind and sent flying down a flight of stairs at Ohio State University Shocking moment Chinese wedding guests force bride and groom to strip off and have sex in front of them  Woman 'raped in a ditch for two hours after an illegal immigrant crashed his car into her vehicle and ran her off the road' MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Events Whitepapers The Next Platform Data Center Software Security Transformation DevOps Business Personal Tech Science Emergent Tech Bootnotes Alerts Newsletters Columnists Mobile Video Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Servers HPC Cloud Storage Networks Virtualization BOFH Satya Nadella hits Sydney and channels Steve O'Ballmer from eight years ago Is that your television? Or a zero client running a virtual desktop? SpectraLogic SLACSS off to speed HPC archiving Qumulo bangs out new software, Apollo server support Samsung sets fire to $9m by throwing it at Tizen devs Microsoft leaks Visual Studio for Mac, then scrubs the news Hadoop for joy? ODPi 2.0's available, but questions persist Fear of Staxit: What next for ASF's Cassandra as biggest donor cuts back Gone in 70 seconds: Linux can be owned by holding Enter key If you can chdir you can hack CA's Unified Infrastructure Manager Security bods find Android phoning home. Home being China TalkTalk teen hacker pleads guilty as firm reveals £22m profit jump The cloud is not new. What we are doing with it is Glued-shut IT wallets hindered UK govt's programmes – study Data integrity and failover in the hybrid cloud Adding trendy tech SIEM to a hybrid computing setup Dirty code? If it works, leave it says Thoughtworks CTO Fancy 15 hours of DevOps learnings, and lunch? GitHub Enterprise catches up with GitHub proper Just what everyone needs right now – an HPE chat bot wrapped in a Docker container, right? Policy The Channel Fujitsu says 1,800 UK job cuts needed to boost ailing margins Adobe fined a whole million dollars for 2013 mega-breach Nostradamus, what do you see in 2017? Navy STEALS? US sailors dispute piracy claim Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Secretions on your phone reveal your secrets Twitter rolls out troll controls DirecTV Now to give Apple TV free for those who take 3-month deal SPB Geek's Guide NASA discovers mysterious super-fast electrons whizzing above Earth Martian 'ice cauldrons' are prime spot to hunt LGMs, say boffins Quantum traffic jam of atoms could unlock origin of dark energy, physicists claim Hurrah! Urinals will soon be splash-free Artificial Intelligence Internet of Things Telstra launches Australian homes onto the Internet of S**t Virgin Galactic and Boom unveil Concorde 2.0 tester to restart supersonic travel GSMA: 5G at risk if governments don't get their acts together Samsung flings $8bn at buyout of connected car biz Harman Verity Stob Bong: Let me talk to Trump 'Pavement power' - The bad idea that never seems to die Married man arrives at A&E with wedding ring stuck on todger Pythons Idle and Cleese pen anti-selfie screed More like this iPhone China Donald Trump Business China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Tim Cook still trying to figure out how he got caught up in this 15 Nov 2016 at 00:37, Shaun Nichols Shaun Nichols Get email alert when this author posts Common Topics Ios, Apple, Fcc, Microsoft, Google Recent Articles Mac book, whoa! Apple unveils $300 design tome Navy STEALS? US sailors dispute piracy claim Verizon pours cash into city Wi-Fi with LQD buy China says the rhetoric of US President-elect Donald Trump could lead it to block the sale of products by Apple and other US tech companies. An editorial from the state-run Global Times news outlet suggests that, should Trump make good on his campaign promise to declare China a currency manipulator and raise tariffs on imported goods, China's government could respond by blocking the import of US goods to the mainland, with the Apple iPhone in particular getting special mention. "China will take a tit-for-tat approach then," the article promises. "A batch of Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus. US auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and US soybean and maize imports will be halted." The paper goes on to urge Trump to back off from any planned sanctions on China, and instead keep the current trade scenario, which it calls a "win-win" for the two countries. "If Trump wrecks Sino-US trade, a number of US industries will be impaired," the editorial promises. "Finally the new president will be condemned for his recklessness, ignorance and incompetence and bear all the consequences." Not that China has been doing Apple many favors as of late, anyway. The last quarterly numbers to come out of Cupertino showed that revenues from China fell by 30 per cent from the prior year, and globally iPhone shipments were down 13 per cent. Still, CEO Tim Cook has to be wondering just what he did to end up in the middle of a Sino-Trumpian war of words, particularly when he recently issued a letter to employees in an effort to ease anxiety over the election. ® Sponsored: The state of mobile security maturity Tips and corrections 140 Comments More from The Register Tech Trump: Silicon Valley steps into the valley of unhappiness It's a long litany of problematic positions 61 Comments Donald Trump running insecure email servers But he's got a yuge firewall, folks... the best kind of firewall 85 Comments Criticize Donald Trump, get your site smashed offline from Russia Newsweek Cuban connection story enrages miscreants 128 Comments You think Donald Trump is insecure? Check out his online store Updated Yuge security flaws, the best kind of security flaws, guaranteed incredible flaws 84 Comments Silicon Valley VCs: We're gonna make California great again – on its own Move over Brexit, this is Calexit 107 Comments Add 'fattism' and hacker stereotyping to the list of Donald Trump's list of non-PC positions Says 'someone weighing 400 pounds' could be DNC hacker in first presidential debate 51 Comments Whitepapers Data and Analytics Maturity Model and Business Impact How top performing enterprises use their IT investments to store, process, and use data to make more effective, real-time decisions. Solving the right problem in the datacentre This white paper discusses the limitations of traditional cloud and virtualisation management. Securing Productivity in the Borderless Enterprise Before you transform your business with mobility services, you need to consider both the management and security challenges you’ll face from the combination of mobile devices and cloud-based apps. Email security guide The security industry has provided large businesses with effective email security solutions for many years. Most read NHS IT bod sends test email to 850k users – and then responses are sent 'reply all' China gets mad at Donald Trump, threatens to ruin Apple Encrypted email sign-ups instantly double in wake of Trump victory WileyFox Swift 2: A new champ of the 'for around £150' market Shhh! Shazam is always listening – even when it's been switched 'off' Spotlight The sharks of AI will attack expensive and scarce workers faster than they eat drivers Testing times: Between some IoT code and a hard place CIOs: VDI? Maybe, just maybe, it really will be different this time... Power to the (outsourced) people – globalisation starts small Brexit judgment could be hit for six by those crazy Supreme Court judges, says barrister Broadcom would certainly be broader with Brocade on board Lessons from the Mini: Before revamping or rebooting anything, please read this Hardware ain't hard, money is: Crowdfunding, bootstraps and startups Sponsored links Sign up to The Register to receive newsletters and alerts Follow us More content Subscribe to newsletter Top 20 stories Week’s headlines Archive Webcasts About us Privacy Company info Advertise with us Syndication Send us news tips The Register Biting the hand that feeds IT © 1998–2016 Independent news, views, opinions and reviews on the latest in the IT industry. Offices in London, San Francisco and Sydney.
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Investing and Wall Street commentary from CNBC's Jim Cramer Previous Next Cramer: 'I smell a trade war' CNBC 1 day ago Abigail Stevenson Click to expand Replay Video 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving AAA says 48.7 million Americans will be traveling this Thanksgiving. CNBC Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Two of the world’s biggest internet companies, Google and Facebook, are taking new steps to fight the rising tide of fake news. Conspiracy theories and misleading information from no-name sites masquerading as news exploded on their platforms during this campaign cycle. Both companies have come under fire for widely-shared fake news stories. Such stories spread false information about the candidates. Wochit Tech New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Helicopters have started evacuating parts of New Zealand, a day after a powerful earthquake killed two people and triggered massive landslides cutting off the town of Kaikoura. As Eve Johnson reports, the cost of repairs has been put in the billions. Reuters PlayPause Seek i VolumeVolume VolumeMuteUnmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LOFull ScreenExit Full Screen PlayPause VolumeVolume Cramer: 'I smell a trade war' CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next 48.7 million Americans to travel this Thanksgiving CNBC0:46 Facebook, Google enact new policies to fight fake news Wochit Tech1:13 New Zealand quake repair bill could cost billions Reuters1:05 How US workers would lose in a trade war with China The Wall Street Journal.2:24 Apple selling $300 book with photos of products CNBC0:40 New technology helping airlines find lost bags Wochit Tech0:45 Obamacare architect: Premiums have actually gone down Fox Business5:26 Is Britain building enough new homes? BBC News3:09 Russian Economy Minister accused of bribery Reuters0:53 Could the Trump presidency roll back marijuana legalization? Forbes1:10 Samsung's drive toward smarter cars The Wall Street Journal.1:30 US internet companies issue requests to Trump Wochit Tech0:45 What does a Trump presidency mean for the Fed? CNN Money1:21 Bond market reels over $1 trillion loss from 'Trump thump' Wochit Business0:59 American Apparel files for second bankruptcy in just over a year Reuters0:48 Australia's pearl industry struggles to shine The Wall Street Journal.5:05 UP NEXT As the market digested the news of a Donald Trump win and the Dow rally extended to six days, Jim Cramer said investors are now starting to realize there's another negative side to the story. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▼ 148.11 -1.88 -1.25% Facebook Inc FB ▲ 117.20 +2.12 +1.84% Alphabet Inc GOOGL ▲ 775.16 +21.94 +2.91% Nucor Corp NUE ▲ 60.33 +0.73 +1.22% "I smell a trade war. That is what I think this market has become all about," the "Mad Money" host said. Stocks initially rallied last week from the prospects of tax cuts and infrastructure and defense spending. On Monday, however, investors finally realized that President-elect Trump could crack down on trading partners who take advantage of the U.S. market without opening theirs, Cramer said. They are starting to see what it could mean if Trump does more than just talk tough about imports and dumping. "We are beginning to witness the other side of the trade of the Trump rally and it might hurt as many companies as it helps," Cramer said. © Provided by CNBC Stocks showed signs of weakness when technology plays fell out of favor and banks and domestic stocks rotated in. At the time, Cramer thought it might have just been managers raising money to buy winning stocks.  News out of China changed Cramer's mind when he read a story in the Global Times, which called Trump naïve if he started a real trade war with China. It said that if a trade war was launched, Boeing (BA) orders would be replaced by Airbus, auto and iPhone sales would have setbacks, and U.S. soybean and maize imports would be halted. Read more from Jim Cramer and other top money experts With 1.4 billion consumers in China, many U.S. companies could see their earnings slammed hard in a trade war. Cramer questioned whether President Trump will follow through on all of candidate Trump's rhetoric. Former Nucor (NUE) CEO Dan DiMicco is one of Trump's closest advisors. Cramer has interviewed DiMicco many times and says DiMicco believes China has been getting a better deal over on the U.S. for ages. "He's telling Trump to be more concerned about how Chinese trading chicanery impacts workers than about whether we lose their shampoo and soda market. In other words, a trade war might really be in the cards," Cramer said. "That is certainly what the stock market was saying today." Shares of Apple (AAPL) fell more than 2 percent on Monday, and pulled down the rest of technology with them. It was also another tough day for FANG — Cramer's acronym for Facebook (FB), Amazon (AMZN), Netflix (NFLX) and Google, now Alphabet (GOOGL). General Motors (GM) also fell, even after it was a winner last week. On the flipside, Boeing actually had a nice rally on Monday. FedEx (FDX), which needs strong Asian markets, rallied too. "I think it is worth pointing out that, after today, we have a newfound risk to this market, one that can only be described as the big downside of helping to keep jobs here in America," Cramer said. Companies that exported jobs overseas need those overseas markets to make profits. Ultimately, if Trump sticks with his campaign promises on trade, Cramer said to prepare for a brave new world. Questions for Cramer? Call Cramer: 1-800-743-CNBC Want to take a deep dive into Cramer's world? Hit him up! Mad Money Twitter - Jim Cramer Twitter - Facebook - Instagram - Vine Questions, comments, suggestions for the "Mad Money" website? madcap@cnbc.com Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC CNBC View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 44° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low 44F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 10:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Dana Miilbank Close Associated Press In this Nov. 10, 2016, photo, President-elect Donald Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis., pose for photographers after a meeting in the Speaker's office on Capitol Hill in Washington. Washington’s new power trio consists of a bombastic billionaire, a telegenic policy wonk, and a taciturn political tactician. How well they can get along will help determine what gets done over the next four years, and whether the new president’s agenda founders or succeeds. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) Dana Milbank: Will Trump bring out the ghosts of Nixon and Hoover? Dana Milbank •  dana.milbank@washpost.com 23 hrs ago (…) Associated Press In this Nov. 10, 2016, photo, President-elect Donald Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan of Wis., pose for photographers after a meeting in the Speaker's office on Capitol Hill in Washington. Washington’s new power trio consists of a bombastic billionaire, a telegenic policy wonk, and a taciturn political tactician. How well they can get along will help determine what gets done over the next four years, and whether the new president’s agenda founders or succeeds. (AP Photo/Alex Brandon) As a Donald Trump victory became clear Tuesday night, the ghost of Herbert Hoover paid a visit to Trump’s election night party in New York. In the Fox News coverage playing on screens in the ballroom, Megyn Kelly turned to Karl Rove. “It didn’t happen under Reagan or the Bushes. When was the last time a Republican president had a Republican Congress?” “1928,” Rove answered. “Incredible,” Kelly said. Yes, quite: Republicans actually had unified control for four years under George W. Bush, and for two years under Dwight Eisenhower, as Rove amended when I followed up with him. But the 1928 comparison is instructive. It’s the last time a Republican president enjoyed anything like the majority Trump will have, particularly in the House. And how did that work out for them? Hoover took over in a time of general prosperity but stagnant wages and vast income inequality. Populists in Congress proposed dramatic increases in tariffs to help the struggling agricultural sector, the equivalent of today’s beleaguered blue-collar workers. The proposal divided Republicans in Congress and Hoover before they produced the 1930 Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act, setting off retaliation, freezing international trade, contributing to the Great Depression and accelerating a ruinous cycle of nationalism around the world. Hoover’s ghost should haunt the GOP right now. A populist, protectionist president has come to power at a time of long-depressed wages and vast inequality. He threatens to implement a 45 percent tariff against China and 35 percent against Mexico, and he’s about to collide with free-traders and pro-business interests in his own party. If they jettison Trump’s agenda and proceed with business as usual, they risk inflaming Trump’s already furious followers. If they do what Trump has promised, there will be chaos as they pursue what amounts to a mission impossible: enacting a huge tax cut, making enormous spending increases on infrastructure and the military and cutting the debt in half — all without touching Social Security and Medicare. With unified control, Republicans now own every issue — health care, the economy, national security — and Democrats, who narrowly won the popular vote and are supported by exit polls showing tepid support for many of Trump’s policy priorities, have little incentive to cooperate. Some early signs show Trump won’t hesitate to disappoint supporters. Drain the swamp? Trump has packed his transition team with a who’s who of the K Street lobbying trade, according to Politico. Among those in charge of staffing the new administration are people who have lobbied for or represented Altria, Visa, Anthem, Coca-Cola, General Electric, HSBC, Pfizer, PhRMA, United Airlines, Southern Company, Dow Chemical, Rosemont Copper Company, Boeing, Duke Energy and Nucor. My colleague Catherine Ho reports that Trump’s win “is likely to be a boon to the lobbying business,” as businesses try to counteract the uncertainty with more lobbyists. The Trump-proposed ban on Muslims entering the country? As the Post’s Jose A. DelReal reported, the Trump campaign removed that policy’s webpage Thursday, then restored it after the reporter’s inquiries. That wall on the Mexican border? “Going to take a while,” Trump lieutenant Rudy Giuliani said Thursday, suggesting “he can do it by executive order by just reprogramming money within the immigration service.” “Reprogramming” money away from ... deportation? Truly building the wall would cost many billions of dollars and require approval from Congress. The “lock her up” crowd may also be disappointed. Chris Christie said “politics are over now.” On that same question, however, Giuliani said prosecuting Clinton would be “a presidential decision” — an extraordinary departure from the American tradition of removing the president from prosecutorial decisions, particularly since President Nixon tried to block the Justice Department’s Watergate probe in 1973. The Trump transition sounded another Nixonian note when Trump surrogate Omarosa Manigault told a conservative website that Trump is keeping an enemies list. The conflicting signals suggest Trump himself hasn’t settled on his course. His gracious victory speech was about reaching out to the opposition, but Breitbart News, whose once and future leader ran the campaign, has been whipping up racial fears (“Shock Video Shows White Man Viciously Beaten in Chicago After Election”). On Thursday night, the president-elect tweeted that “professional protesters, incited by the media, are protesting. Very unfair!” Friday morning he reconsidered: “Love the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be proud!” Trump’s internal tension is understandable. He can leave supporters disillusioned, or he can keep his promises — and send us all back to 1928. Dana Milbank dana.milbank@washpost.com Copyright The Washington Post Dana Milbank: To my daughter: You are going to be OK NEW YORK • As I watched the returns at Donald Trump’s celebration here Tuesday night, the ha… Dana Milbank: Baby boomers, you've done enough. Time to go When this generation got power, they created polarization and gridlock from both sides. Dana Milbank: The lap dogs of democracy who don't bark at Trump We in the media enjoyed the entertainment (and ratings) he provided for far too long. Tags Donald Trump Republicans Herbert Hoover View (…) comments From the Post-Dispatch's archives Found on St. Louis Post Dispatch powered by Newspapers.com Follow the Platform on social media Most popular Wentzville man shoved fingers in throat of infant son to stop his crying, police say 'Trump' scratched into side of Indian-American family's car in Town and Country Hundreds march through downtown St. Louis in opposition to Trump Two Ladue students discliplined after chanting 'Trump,' saying black students belong in back of bus Monday's supermoon extra super; closest in nearly 69 years Latest in section Dana Milbank: Will Trump bring out the ghosts of Nixon and Hoover? Dana Milbank: To my daughter: You are going to be OK Dana Milbank: Comey's dangerous October surprise Dana Milbank: Baby boomers, you've done enough. Time to go Dana Milbank: The lap dogs of democracy who don't bark at Trump Quick links Aisha Sultan Bill McClellan Current Affairs Kevin Horrigan Pat Gauen Tony Messenger Do you know a woman of achievement? Access our archives See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to main content e-Paper Newsletter Advertisement Contact Newspaper Business Opinion Sports A & E Lifestyle Bytes Showbiz Shout epaper All Sections Multimedia Video Stories World Star Weekend Spaces Shift Next Step In Focus Literature Book Reviews Health Science Law & Our Rights Wide Angle Environment Travel City Country Supplements Round Tables Home Business 11:35 AM, November 15, 2016 / LAST MODIFIED: 11:41 AM, November 15, 2016 Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link An Apple logo hangs above the entrance to the Apple store on 5th Avenue in the Manhattan borough of New York City, July 21, 2015. Photo: Reuters/Mike Segar/File Photo Reuters, San Francisco Apple's (AAPL.O) stock extended recent losses on Monday after a warning that iPhone sales could suffer if President-elect Donald Trump follows through on campaign threats to impose new tariffs on China. Apple is among several major technology stocks, including Amazon.com (AMZN.O), Facebook (FB.O) and Alphabet (GOOGL.O), selling off since Tuesday's election as investors shift funds into financial and public works companies seen benefiting from deregulation and infrastructure spending under President-elect Trump. In a continuation of that trend, the Cupertino, California company's stock fell 2.5 percent on Monday, bringing its loss since Tuesday's election to almost 5 percent, compared to the S&P 500's .SPX 1.16 percent advance. Adding to concern for Apple investors, an op-ed published in the China government-backed Global Times on Sunday warned of "tit-for-tat" retaliation should Trump follow through on a campaign pledge to impose 45-percent tariffs on all imports from China. "A batch of Boeing (BA.N) orders will be replaced by Airbus. US auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and US soybean and maize imports will be halted," the op-ed said. China has already become a disappointment for Apple, failing to deliver rapid growth that the company hoped would make up for slower iPhone sales in the United States and other mature markets. Revenue from China slumped 30 percent in Apple's September quarter, worse than the Americas' 7 percent decline. Apple's China sales could be hurt by potential trade conflicts as well as the country's weakening currency, said Rosenblatt Securities analyst Jun Zhang by email. He said he believes China iPhone sales fell in October, even after fixing supply issues affecting the iPhone 7 Plus. Synovus Trust Company Senior Portfolio Manager Daniel Morgan, who owns $33 million worth of Apple shares, warned not to read too much into Trump's campaign trail threats against China, at least in the near term. Copyright: Any unauthorized use or reproduction of The Daily Star content for commercial purposes is strictly prohibited and constitutes copyright infringement liable to legal action. Leave your comments Comment Policy Top News View More Most Popular Stories Popular In Business Trump refuses presidential salary Muslim ban statement disappears from Trump website 'Bury Trump in a landslide' Analysis: He made a fool of the world Faraaz named for Mother Teresa Award SHOULD I STAY OR SHOULD I GO? DOOB - A Descend to Ascend Girl in hijab reports intimidation following US polls Trump triumphs over Clinton in White House upset Professors must have PhDs, at least DataSoft plans big on tech solutions Alibaba rakes in $5 billion in 1 hour While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks Bangladesh can become export powerhouse: WB report India's currency move leaves visiting Bangladeshis in trouble Cyber heist: BB receives $15m stolen money from Manila Open up MFS to telcos: Tarana Bangladesh receives Bangabandhu-1 Satellite replica New joint venture to provide LPG solutions Apparel export growth hinges on long-term strategies 0 Share this with Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn E-mail Viber Copy this link Top News View More More from Business German growth hits speed bump in third quarter India to use indelible ink to stop repeat cash exchanges Russian economy minister detained over $2m bribe ECB warns of risks of protectionism after Trump win Nokia says telecoms gear market tough, but outpacing Ericsson In case you missed it Time to declare Turag dead Let the salute remain a mystery The ancient fort city in the North Who cares about Sundarbans? Girls break a social barrier Multimedia you may like England tour of Bangladesh, 2nd Test England tour of Bangladesh, 3rd ODI Sports in Pictures Floating schools gear up education for underprivileged ‘Chalanbeel’ kids Opening ceremony Attack during Sholakia Eid prayers facebook twitter Instagram google plus youtube About Us Contact Us SMS Subscription Apps Comment Policy RSS Sitemap Advertisement Newsletter Conference Hall Archives © 2016 / thedailystar.net | Powered By: RSI LAB Top
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | PHOTOS | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Editorial | Columns | Career | Food | teenAGE | Letters | Auto | Clovis Toons | Page2 | E-Paper | Supplements | Football Tourism minister woos UK Diaspora 8:00 PM Special tickets being designed to deal with ganja offences 7:46 PM Support for Spanish Town High to transition from shift system 7:32 PM Grange to attend culture meeting in Paraguay 7:17 PM Security to be improved at Cumberland High School — Education Ministry 6:47 PM Labour minister hails Canadian farmwork programme 6:28 PM UPDATE: Security guard killed in St Elizabeth identified 6:00 PM Forex: J$129.01 to one US dollar 5:44 PM US Embassy to hand over maintenance shed to JCF 5:34 PM Stolen cables disable Mandela Highway stoplight 5:07 PM PNP calls for probe in garbage collection contracts 4:52 PM Cuban gov’t pardons over 700 prisoners 4:38 PM Manchester independent candidate withdraws from Local Gov’t Elections 4:20 PM ‘JLP a dismal failure’— PNP 4:01 PM Never mind closing Guantanamo, Trump might make it bigger 3:51 PM Blind Calabar High past student helping the disabled 3:32 PM Payday winner dreams of a new home 3:09 PM Chapelton midwife removed from frontline duty, not suspended — SRHA 2:50 PM ‘Too early to speculate’ about new US administration, says St Lucian Gov’t 2:32 PM 20,000 evacuated amid relentless rain in Dom Rep 2:05 PM Move to LNG a giant leap, says supplier 1:51 PM Pitbull owner charged with violating dangerous dog law 1:17 PM Anti-Obama protesters clash with Greek police in Athens 12:53 PM UPDATE: Man held for killing Coronation Market vendor 12:43 PM Bunting wants Gov’t to ‘urgently change crime strategy’ 11:59 AM Editorial A time for bold government, expansive thinking Tuesday, November 15, 2016     Tweet There was little doubt, in our mind, that the executive board of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) would have approved Jamaica’s application for a new precautionary three-year Stand-by Facility. After all, the Jamaican Government has demonstrated that it can maintain fiscal discipline, a particularly difficult achievement given Jamaica’s harsh economic climate that has had a severe impact on social conditions. The IMF announced on Friday that under the new stand-by arrangement Jamaica will have access to about US$1.64 billion. However, the Government has indicated that it will not draw on the arrangement “unless exogenous shocks generate an actual balance of payments need”. The executive board approval, the IMF pointed out, “will make about US$411.9 million (SDR 300.1 million) immediately available, and the remainder in six tranches upon completion of semi-annual programme reviews”. As we pointed out in this space a few weeks ago, in addition to maintaining fiscal discipline, this new agreement will seek to achieve the long-awaited public sector transformation, while focusing new expenditure on infrastructure, social protection and security. Other objectives include keeping inflation low, bolstering the resilience of the financial system, and tax reform. We have already discussed those objectives and the challenges the country will face in achieving them. While we accept that the task is difficult, we are encouraged by the measures being taken by the Government, particularly in the area of stimulating economic growth. For instance, the shift from direct to indirect taxation, which the IMF describes as “growth-friendly”, is most commendable because it will , as the fund so correctly noted, improve efficiency in the tax system and widen the tax base. Maintaining fiscal discipline, we accept, is good and vital, but, as we have seen in the recent past, holding the fiscal reins tight will not, by itself, improve conditions in the country. It must be accompanied by policies that spur economic growth that will, in turn, reduce debt. We have repeatedly used this space to highlight a number of initiatives in the United States that have encouraged businesses to invest and contribute to economic growth in that country. Among them was the case of Washington State, which competed intensely with more than 20 other states, offering a range of tax incentives to ensure that aircraft manufacturer Boeing kept its 777X assembly plant there. Essentially, Boeing was offered nearly US$9 billion in tax breaks as the Washington State authorities calculated that keeping the 777X plant there would result in US$21.3 billion in tax revenue for 15 years, based on a total of approximately 57,000 jobs. We also cited the case of New Jersey convincing Forbes magazine to move 350 jobs from New York with an offer of US$21.1 million in tax incentives over 10 years. The New Jersey Economic Development Agency had calculated that Forbes ’ move would result in a net estimated benefit to the state of US$72 million over 20 years. There are examples in the Caribbean of forward-thinking governments offering incentives to investors that have been mutually beneficial. As we have clearly stated before, we don’t expect the Jamaican Government to give away the country, but it needs to be bold in making these kinds of deals, as long as it is convinced they will redound to Jamaica’s benefit. ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES   1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper – email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus OTHER STORIES A time for bold government, expansive thinking Local Government’s unsteady status The dilemma of the American working class Make medical screening in school sports a reality An encouraging signal from Mr Trump More reasons for a fixed election date Mr Trump has a steep learning curve After America votes today... Towards transformation without unbalancing people’s lives The importance of arbitration in small, developing countries Young Mr Jason Holder will have to stay tough Questions for the FLA A compelling argument for fiscal continuity PNP on to a good thing, keep it bipartisan, please International Criminal Court must deal with racial fears In praise of teachers and the power of knowledge When Sir George Alleyne leaves UWI, he’ll be sorely missed Keep going, Miss Alia Atkinson Dr Lowe makes a valid call Mr Karl Samuda still has the fire in his belly, but... ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Poll Can current government strategies reduce crime? Yes No What strategies? View Results » ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 06:53 GMT, Nov 16, 2016 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica Strike called for by 98% of UPS aircraft workers over health benefits Published time: 15 Nov, 2016 05:05Edited time: 15 Nov, 2016 11:42 Get short URL A UPS cargo plane. © William Thomas Cain / Getty Images / AFP Essential UPS workers have voted, nearly unanimously, to strike against the shipping giant, threatening to halt delivery services globally. Employees are demanding fair healthcare as UPS cut benefits amid revenue growth and far reaching expansion plans. “In total, 80 percent, 950 of the company’s 1,200 maintenance employees, participated in the strike vote, and 98 percent of those workers voted in favor of a strike,” Teamsters Local 2727, a union representing UPS workers, said Monday.  With a reputation of being among the world’s leading delivery companies, United Parcel Service Inc’s success in shipping essentially lies in the hands of mechanics who maintain hundreds of its aircraft daily, working “sometimes up to 39 hours straight.” This holiday shopping season alone, the company is expected to ship some 700 million packages worldwide. ‘False charges’: Case against FedEx over drug trafficking dismissed https://t.co/cBiwuieIImpic.twitter.com/kDG5hozR1n— RT (@RT_com) June 18, 2016 It has been three years of negotiations between the Teamsters and UPS over its massive reductions in healthcare and benefits for retirees, who dedicated most of their time working for the company. “UPS aircraft mechanics and other maintenance workers do physically demanding and often dangerous work around jet engine aircrafts and equipment and toxic chemicals and exhaust,” the Teamsters said. Yet UPS wants a price tag of more than $19,000 on health coverage for a retiree and his or her dependent in the first year and increase that each year thereafter, according to the union. While cutting benefits, UPS has been adding to its revenue, in the third quarter earning $14.9 billion, up 4.9 percent over the same period of time in 2015. In late October, UPS also sealed a $5.3 billion multi-plane deal with Boeing, placing an order for 14 jumbo aircraft between 2017 and 2020. “We’re glad that UPS can afford to invest in beefing up its international fleet,” said Jim Kelley, a 29-year aircraft mechanic at UPS’s Louisville, Ky. gateway. “But if UPS can afford major capital investments and huge raises for top brass, then UPS can also choose to invest in the maintenance workers who do strenuous and dangerous work every day to make its success possible.” However, while the workers might be eager to strike, they can’t proceed right away. First, under the Railway Labor Act, before going on a strike, unions must obtain an approval of a federal mediator. With the presidential transition just about to go into full swing, it is likely that the Teamsters will have to deal with President-elect Donald Trump, but not sooner than his inauguration on January 20. The president may have to appoint an emergency board that will decide on whether to grant that permission. The process also includes several 30-day cooling off periods. All of those requirements mean that it is very unlikely that the potential strike may land UPS in a shipping disaster amid holiday season. UPS has issued a statement also assuring that its service would not be affected by its workers’ overwhelming support for the strike. “It’s important to understand that the vote does not give Local 2727 the right to strike under US labor law,” the company said. “A strike is not possible unless authorized by the National Mediation Board. The vote is simply a routine show of solidarity common in many negotiations.” The company has stressed that it keeps negotiating “in good faith for a contract that is good for our employees, our customers and our company.” Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2016. All rights reserved.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes banned: What is ATM Recalibration and why it could take 2-3 weeks By Naina Khedekar 5   Comments Researchers find that surface of Mars is so dry that it is uninhabitable 4   Comments Demonetisation: To get India to trade and transact digitally, UPI needs to succeed By Nash David 3   Comments Currency ban: An analysis of social media sentiment around India’s latest financial regulation By Nash David 3   Comments India’s new e-service tax a headache for content providers, a moneyspinner for Modi govt 2   Comments more from #Apple Super Mario Run will be available on iOS from 15 December across 151 countries WhatsApp announces global rollout of video calling as debate rages on user privacy Google Play is a music streaming service unlike any other Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Apple continues to register loss after China warns about iPhone sales if Trump imposes new taxes #Apple Image Credit: REUTERS 0   15 Nov 2016 , 10:02 Apple’s stock extended recent losses on Monday after a warning that iPhone sales could suffer if President-elect Donald Trump follows through on campaign threats to impose new tariffs on China. Apple is among several major technology stocks, including Amazon.com, Facebook and Alphabet, selling off since Tuesday’s election as investors shift funds into financial and public works companies seen benefiting from deregulation and infrastructure spending under President-elect Trump. In a continuation of that trend, the Cupertino, California company’s stock fell 2.5 percent on Monday, bringing its loss since Tuesday’s election to almost 5 percent, compared to the S&P 500’s .SPX 1.16 percent advance. Adding to concern for Apple investors, an op-ed published in the China government-backed Global Times on Sunday warned of “tit-for-tat” retaliation should Trump follow through on a campaign pledge to impose 45-percent tariffs on all imports from China. “A batch of Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus. US auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and US soybean and maize imports will be halted,” the op-ed said. China has already become a disappointment for Apple, failing to deliver rapid growth that the company hoped would make up for slower iPhone sales in the United States and other mature markets. Revenue from China slumped 30 percent in Apple’s September quarter, worse than the Americas’ 7 percent decline. Apple’s China sales could be hurt by potential trade conflicts as well as the country’s weakening currency, said Rosenblatt Securities analyst Jun Zhang by email. He said he believes China iPhone sales fell in October, even after fixing supply issues affecting the iPhone 7 Plus. Synovus Trust Company Senior Portfolio Manager Daniel Morgan, who owns $33 million worth of Apple shares, warned not to read too much into Trump’s campaign trail threats against China, at least in the near term. “You just don’t just jump in and start rewriting trade agreements,” Morgan said. Reuters Tags: Alphabet, Amazon, Apple, China, deregulation, Donald Trump, Facebook, infrastructure, stock, United States, USA, warning Also read Apple is preparing to launch a brand new iPad line in March: Analysts Apple may get into wearable business with glass headsets X Recommended For You Super Mario Run will be available on iOS from 15 December across 151 countries WhatsApp announces global rollout of video calling as debate rages on user privacy Google Play is a music streaming service unlike any other Apple pay makes it easy to donate to nonprofits Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Fake News Nov 16, 2016 Facebook and Google fake news: The rise of echo chambers, and the need to shatter them #OnePlus 3T Nov 16, 2016 OnePlus 3 vs OnePlus 3T: All you need to know about the latest device upgrade #Cash Nov 16, 2016 Demonetisation: 4 Apps and services to find ATMs, banks with cash near you #Samsung Nov 16, 2016 Another Samsung smartphone explodes, this time it’s the Galaxy S7 #WhatsApp Nov 16, 2016 WhatsApp temporarily pauses user data sharing with Facebook in Europe SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 1:12 A.M. ET Australia wage growth falls to record low 1:09 A.M. ET Dollar’s march higher takes a break as investors wonder if it’s gone too far 12:51 A.M. ET Violent Protests Break Out in Athens as Obama Visits 11/15 Updated Asian stocks peek higher, led by financials 11/15 Walgreens says Theranos voided 11.3% of its customers’ blood tests 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses Ideological Divides Among Black Americans 11/15 Want a cheaper fare on United? It’ll cost you the overhead bin 11/15 Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 11/15 Henry Louis Gates Discusses New PBS TV Series 11/15 Updated SEC boss Mary Jo White should be stepping up the fight, not stepping down 11/15 Updated 5 reasons why it’s too early for investors to stop worrying about President Trump 11/15 Investors hope Snap will unlock IPO market for tech unicorns 11/15 Updated New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 11/15 Elizabeth Warren rips Trump’s picks of ‘Wall Street insiders’ 11/15 Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 11/15 Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 11/15 Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 11/15 Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 11/15 PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 11/15 Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release European Police Modernization & First Responders Markets - 2016-2022 By Published: Nov 14, 2016 11:10 p.m. ET Share LONDON, Nov. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- European Police Modernization & First Responders Markets - 2016-2022 Europe's 2.55 million police officers and 820,000 1st responders are facing ISIS terror attacks and threats coupled with the surge in entry of 1.8 million migrants (UN data) with far greater complexity than ever before. Germany's police forces and other 1st responders (which include only 9% of the European police officers and 1st responders) are forecast by 2020 to procure 22% of the continent's market for police and 1st responder's related goods and services. The European police forces challenges were best stated in March 2016 by Mr. E. Walter, Chairman of the German Federal Police (DPoIG): "Germany's police (is) the first and last line of defense and response to any terror attack; they're simply not equipped for the challenge. Where we are not prepared is with the policeman on the street; normally the first to confront terrorists. (For example) we need modern weapons. We need armed helmets against shooting by a Kalashnikov. We have very old weapons in the German police force. The machine guns are the machine pistol MP5 it is about 50 years old". Present European police agencies' capabilities simply can't meet Europe's Terror & Migration Crisis challenges. Following the Paris and Brussels terror attacks a major overhaul of the European police forces infrastructure and funding is already in progress. The "European Police Modernization & First Responders Markets – 2016-2020" report is the most comprehensive review of the market available today. It provides a detailed and reasoned roadmap of this growing market. The market is set to undergo a major transformation from 2016-2022 through the following drivers: The Paris and Brussels 2015-2016 terror attacks shook the European police agencies, governments and public unlike any other recent homegrown or ISIS-Da'esh-inspired terrorist attacks since they were complex and well-planned. Western Europe, the largest economy in the world with a 2015 GDP of approximately $22 trillion (vs. the U.S. $17.5 trillion), can invest "whatever it takes" in its police forces to protect its citizens from the looming risks of terrorism and immigration. The Western European police forces are ill equipped to counter 21st century terrorists who use cutting edge encrypted communication, conduct remarkable pre-attack intelligence by jihadists who have been trained by ISIS ex-Iraqi military officers on planning and conducting modern day guerrilla warfare, and use modern weapons. Europol estimates that up to 11,000 European jihadists (5000 in Western Europe and 6000 in Eastern Europe) have returned to Europe after obtaining combat experience on the battlefields of the Middle East. The European Police Office (EUROPOL) estimates that there are 4 million unregistered illegal firearms in the Balkans, and over 30,000 military-grade weapons from the former Yugoslavia in circulation in Western Europe. The Law Enforcement, Police modernization & 1st Responder industry faces a considerable challenge in seeking to provide the necessary solutions to current and future threats. At the same time, this challenge presents immense opportunities for the defense and security industries able to deliver effective functions, integrate systems and maximize security and productivity per $ invested. The EU and the rest of the European police & 1st responders' market for products and services are served by local defense and security companies. Even with a preference for locally manufactured products, foreign products can usually strongly compete on the basis of cost-performance. They do not encounter any EU direct trade barriers or quotas. Non-tariff, indirect trade barriers may be the approval process of dual use goods, which include many security market products. This report is a resource for executives with interests in the market. It has been explicitly customized for the security industry and other decision-makers in order to identify business opportunities, developing technologies, market trends and risks, as well as to benchmark business plans. Questions answered in this 185-page report + one* report include: What will the market size and trends be during 2016-2022? Which submarkets provide attractive business opportunities? Who are the decision-makers? What drives the police and 1st responder agencies to purchase products and services? What are the customers looking for? What are the technology & services trends? What is the market SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities and Threats)? What are the challenges to market penetration & growth? With 185 pages, 21 tables and 32 figures, the "European Police Modernization & First Responders Markets – 2016-2022" report covers 12 countries and regions and 3 revenue source submarkets, offering for each of them 2015 data and assessments, and 2016-2022 forecasts and analyses. * Customers who purchase a multi-readers license of the report will get the "Global Homeland Security & Public Safety Industry – 2016 Edition" report free of charge. Single-reader license customers will get a 50% discount for the Industry report. Why Buy this Report? A. Market data is analyzed via 2 key perspectives:With a highly fragmented market we address the "money trail" – each dollar spent – via the following 2 viewpoints:By 12 Country Markets:UKFranceHolland & BelgiumSweden, Norway, Finland & DenmarkGermanyAustria & SwitzerlandItalySpainPolandHungary & Czech RepublicRussiaRest of EuropeBy 3 Revenue Sources:Products Sales RevenuesAfter Sale Revenues Including: Maintenance, Service, Upgrades & RefurbishmentOther Revenues Including: Planning, Training, Consulting, Contracted Services & Government Funded R&DB. Detailed market analysis frameworks for each of the market sectors:Market drivers & inhibitorsBusiness opportunitiesSWOT analysisCompetitive analysisBusiness environmentThe 2015-2022 market segmented by 36 submarketsC. The report includes the following 4 appendices:Appendix A: European Homeland Security & Public Safety Related Product StandardsAppendix B: The European Union Challenges and OutlookAppendix C: Europe Migration Crisis & Border SecurityAppendix D: AbbreviationsD. The report addresses over 300 European Homeland Security and Public Safety standards (including links)E. The supplementary (*) "Global Homeland Security & Public Safety Industry – 2016 Edition" report provides the following insights and analyses of the industry including:The Global Industry 2016 statusEffects of Emerging Technologies on the IndustryThe Market TrendsVendor – Government RelationshipGeopolitical Outlook 2016-2022The Industry Business Models & StrategiesMarket Entry ChallengesThe Industry: Supply-Side & Demand-Side AnalysisMarket Entry StrategiesPrice ElasticityPast Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) EventsF. The supplementary (*) "Global Homeland Security & Public Safety Industry – 2016 Edition" report also provides a May 2016 updated extensive data (including company profile, recent annual revenues, key executives, homeland security and public safety products, and contact info.) of the leading 119 Homeland Security and Public Safety vendors including: 3M 3i-MIND 3VR 3xLOGIC ABB Accenture ACTi Corporation ADT Security Services AeroVironment Inc. Agent Video Intelligence Airbus Defence and Space Alcatel-Lucent (Nokia Group) ALPHAOPEN American Science & Engineering Inc. Anixter Aralia Systems AT&T Inc. Augusta Systems Austal Avigilon Corporation Aware Axis AxxonSoft Ayonix BAE Systems BioEnable Technologies Pvt Ltd BioLink Solutions Boeing Bollinger Shipyards, Inc Bosch Security Systems Bruker Corporation BT Camero Cassidian CelPlan China Security & Surveillance, Inc. Cisco Systems Citilog Cognitec Systems GmbH Computer Network Limited (CNL) Computer Sciences Corporation CrossMatch Diebold DRS Technologies Inc. DVTel Elbit Systems Ltd. Elsag Datamat Emerson Electric Ericsson ESRI FaceFirst Finmeccanica SpA Firetide Fulcrum Biometrics LLC G4S General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Inc. General Dynamics Corporation Getac Technology Corporation Hanwha Techwin Harris Corporation Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hexagon AB Honeywell International Inc. Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd IBM IndigoVision Intel Security IntuVision Inc iOmniscient IPConfigure IPS Intelligent Video Analytics Iris ID Systems, Inc. IriTech Inc. Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd. ISS L-3 Security & Detection Systems Leidos, Inc. Lockheed Martin Corporation MACROSCOP MDS Mer group Milestone Systems A/S Mirasys Motorola Solutions, Inc. National Instruments NEC Corporation NICE Systems Northrop Grumman Corporation Nuance Communications, Inc. ObjectVideo Panasonic Corporation Pelco Pivot3 Proximex QinetiQ Limited Rapiscan Systems, Inc. Raytheon Rockwell Collins, Inc. Safran S.A. Salient Sciences Schneider Electric SeeTec Siemens Smart China (Holdings) Limited Smiths Detection Inc. Sony Corp. Speech Technology Center Suprema Inc. Synectics Plc Tandu Technologies & Security Systems Ltd Texas Instruments Textron Inc. Thales Group Total Recall Unisys Corporation Verint Vialogy LLC Vigilant Technology Zhejiang Dahua Technology Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3837917/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/european-police-modernization--first-responders-markets--2016-2022-300362789.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska European Police Modernization & First Responders Markets - 2016-2022 News provided by ReportBuyer Nov 14, 2016, 23:10 ET Share this article LONDON, Nov. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- European Police Modernization & First Responders Markets - 2016-2022 Europe's 2.55 million police officers and 820,000 1st responders are facing ISIS terror attacks and threats coupled with the surge in entry of 1.8 million migrants (UN data) with far greater complexity than ever before. Germany's police forces and other 1st responders (which include only 9% of the European police officers and 1st responders) are forecast by 2020 to procure 22% of the continent's market for police and 1st responder's related goods and services. The European police forces challenges were best stated in March 2016 by Mr. E. Walter, Chairman of the German Federal Police (DPoIG): "Germany's police (is) the first and last line of defense and response to any terror attack; they're simply not equipped for the challenge. Where we are not prepared is with the policeman on the street; normally the first to confront terrorists. (For example) we need modern weapons. We need armed helmets against shooting by a Kalashnikov. We have very old weapons in the German police force. The machine guns are the machine pistol MP5 it is about 50 years old". Present European police agencies' capabilities simply can't meet Europe's Terror & Migration Crisis challenges. Following the Paris and Brussels terror attacks a major overhaul of the European police forces infrastructure and funding is already in progress. The "European Police Modernization & First Responders Markets – 2016-2020" report is the most comprehensive review of the market available today. It provides a detailed and reasoned roadmap of this growing market. The market is set to undergo a major transformation from 2016-2022 through the following drivers: The Paris and Brussels 2015-2016 terror attacks shook the European police agencies, governments and public unlike any other recent homegrown or ISIS-Da'esh-inspired terrorist attacks since they were complex and well-planned. Western Europe, the largest economy in the world with a 2015 GDP of approximately $22 trillion (vs. the U.S. $17.5 trillion), can invest "whatever it takes" in its police forces to protect its citizens from the looming risks of terrorism and immigration. The Western European police forces are ill equipped to counter 21st century terrorists who use cutting edge encrypted communication, conduct remarkable pre-attack intelligence by jihadists who have been trained by ISIS ex-Iraqi military officers on planning and conducting modern day guerrilla warfare, and use modern weapons. Europol estimates that up to 11,000 European jihadists (5000 in Western Europe and 6000 in Eastern Europe) have returned to Europe after obtaining combat experience on the battlefields of the Middle East. The European Police Office (EUROPOL) estimates that there are 4 million unregistered illegal firearms in the Balkans, and over 30,000 military-grade weapons from the former Yugoslavia in circulation in Western Europe. The Law Enforcement, Police modernization & 1st Responder industry faces a considerable challenge in seeking to provide the necessary solutions to current and future threats. At the same time, this challenge presents immense opportunities for the defense and security industries able to deliver effective functions, integrate systems and maximize security and productivity per $ invested. The EU and the rest of the European police & 1st responders' market for products and services are served by local defense and security companies. Even with a preference for locally manufactured products, foreign products can usually strongly compete on the basis of cost-performance. They do not encounter any EU direct trade barriers or quotas. Non-tariff, indirect trade barriers may be the approval process of dual use goods, which include many security market products. This report is a resource for executives with interests in the market. It has been explicitly customized for the security industry and other decision-makers in order to identify business opportunities, developing technologies, market trends and risks, as well as to benchmark business plans. Questions answered in this 185-page report + one* report include: What will the market size and trends be during 2016-2022? Which submarkets provide attractive business opportunities? Who are the decision-makers? What drives the police and 1st responder agencies to purchase products and services? What are the customers looking for? What are the technology & services trends? What is the market SWOT (Strengths, Weaknesses, Opportunities and Threats)? What are the challenges to market penetration & growth? With 185 pages, 21 tables and 32 figures, the "European Police Modernization & First Responders Markets – 2016-2022" report covers 12 countries and regions and 3 revenue source submarkets, offering for each of them 2015 data and assessments, and 2016-2022 forecasts and analyses. * Customers who purchase a multi-readers license of the report will get the "Global Homeland Security & Public Safety Industry – 2016 Edition" report free of charge. Single-reader license customers will get a 50% discount for the Industry report. Why Buy this Report? A. Market data is analyzed via 2 key perspectives:With a highly fragmented market we address the "money trail" – each dollar spent – via the following 2 viewpoints:By 12 Country Markets:UKFranceHolland & BelgiumSweden, Norway, Finland & DenmarkGermanyAustria & SwitzerlandItalySpainPolandHungary & Czech RepublicRussiaRest of EuropeBy 3 Revenue Sources:Products Sales RevenuesAfter Sale Revenues Including: Maintenance, Service, Upgrades & RefurbishmentOther Revenues Including: Planning, Training, Consulting, Contracted Services & Government Funded R&DB. Detailed market analysis frameworks for each of the market sectors:Market drivers & inhibitorsBusiness opportunitiesSWOT analysisCompetitive analysisBusiness environmentThe 2015-2022 market segmented by 36 submarketsC. The report includes the following 4 appendices:Appendix A: European Homeland Security & Public Safety Related Product StandardsAppendix B: The European Union Challenges and OutlookAppendix C: Europe Migration Crisis & Border SecurityAppendix D: AbbreviationsD. The report addresses over 300 European Homeland Security and Public Safety standards (including links)E. The supplementary (*) "Global Homeland Security & Public Safety Industry – 2016 Edition" report provides the following insights and analyses of the industry including:The Global Industry 2016 statusEffects of Emerging Technologies on the IndustryThe Market TrendsVendor – Government RelationshipGeopolitical Outlook 2016-2022The Industry Business Models & StrategiesMarket Entry ChallengesThe Industry: Supply-Side & Demand-Side AnalysisMarket Entry StrategiesPrice ElasticityPast Mergers & Acquisitions (M&A) EventsF. The supplementary (*) "Global Homeland Security & Public Safety Industry – 2016 Edition" report also provides a May 2016 updated extensive data (including company profile, recent annual revenues, key executives, homeland security and public safety products, and contact info.) of the leading 119 Homeland Security and Public Safety vendors including: 3M 3i-MIND 3VR 3xLOGIC ABB Accenture ACTi Corporation ADT Security Services AeroVironment Inc. Agent Video Intelligence Airbus Defence and Space Alcatel-Lucent (Nokia Group) ALPHAOPEN American Science & Engineering Inc. Anixter Aralia Systems AT&T Inc. Augusta Systems Austal Avigilon Corporation Aware Axis AxxonSoft Ayonix BAE Systems BioEnable Technologies Pvt Ltd BioLink Solutions Boeing Bollinger Shipyards, Inc Bosch Security Systems Bruker Corporation BT Camero Cassidian CelPlan China Security & Surveillance, Inc. Cisco Systems Citilog Cognitec Systems GmbH Computer Network Limited (CNL) Computer Sciences Corporation CrossMatch Diebold DRS Technologies Inc. DVTel Elbit Systems Ltd. Elsag Datamat Emerson Electric Ericsson ESRI FaceFirst Finmeccanica SpA Firetide Fulcrum Biometrics LLC G4S General Atomics Aeronautical Systems Inc. General Dynamics Corporation Getac Technology Corporation Hanwha Techwin Harris Corporation Hewlett Packard Enterprise Hexagon AB Honeywell International Inc. Huawei Technologies Co., Ltd IBM IndigoVision Intel Security IntuVision Inc iOmniscient IPConfigure IPS Intelligent Video Analytics Iris ID Systems, Inc. IriTech Inc. Israel Aerospace Industries Ltd. ISS L-3 Security & Detection Systems Leidos, Inc. Lockheed Martin Corporation MACROSCOP MDS Mer group Milestone Systems A/S Mirasys Motorola Solutions, Inc. National Instruments NEC Corporation NICE Systems Northrop Grumman Corporation Nuance Communications, Inc. ObjectVideo Panasonic Corporation Pelco Pivot3 Proximex QinetiQ Limited Rapiscan Systems, Inc. Raytheon Rockwell Collins, Inc. Safran S.A. Salient Sciences Schneider Electric SeeTec Siemens Smart China (Holdings) Limited Smiths Detection Inc. Sony Corp. Speech Technology Center Suprema Inc. Synectics Plc Tandu Technologies & Security Systems Ltd Texas Instruments Textron Inc. Thales Group Total Recall Unisys Corporation Verint Vialogy LLC Vigilant Technology Zhejiang Dahua Technology Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/3837917/ About ReportbuyerReportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishershttp://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/european-police-modernization--first-responders-markets--2016-2022-300362789.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com Nov 14, 2016, 23:11 ET Preview: North American Hosted IP Telephony and UCaaS Market Nov 14, 2016, 23:09 ET Preview: 2016 Europe Tumor Marker Testing in 28 Countries: Supplier Shares and Strategies, Sales Segment Forecasts by Test--Oncogenes, Biochemical Markers, Lymphokines, GFs, CSFs, Hormones, Immunohistochemical Stains--Emerging Technologies, Opportunities for My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 15, 2016, 22:58 ETTransformer Monitoring System Market by Type, Application,... Nov 15, 2016, 22:51 ETAsia-Pacific Hotels Market Analytics to 2020: Rooms and Revenue... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Health Care & Hospitals Surveys, Polls and Research Foreign Policy & International Affairs You just read: European Police Modernization & First Responders Markets - 2016-2022 News provided by ReportBuyer Nov 14, 2016, 23:10 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
The requested URL was rejected. Please consult with your administrator. Your support ID is: 9475761043320133491
LATEST NEWS 26th Anniversary of the Brunei Studies Academy » Since its establishment in 1990, the Brunei Stud... Women's rights in Islamic Family Law » Women's rights in Islamic Family Law, the Islami... IBTE Convocation Ceremony » The country requires a large working population ... IBTE Convocation Ceremony Afternoon Session » In the afternoon session, another 9 hundred 20 g... Key to Success » Perseverance, determination, and prayer as well ... 2:53:07 pm BNT PM Home About Us National International Business Sports Archives National Feedback Contact Us You are here: Home»Business News»Business 1»Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Tuesday, 15 November 2016 08:55 0 Comments Apple's  stock extended recent losses on Monday after a warning that iPhone sales could suffer if President-elect Donald Trump follows through on campaign threats to impose new tariffs on China. Apple is among several major technology stocks, including Amazon.com, Facebook and Alphabet, selling off since Tuesday's election as investors shift funds into financial and public works companies seen benefiting from deregulation and infrastructure spending under President-elect Trump. In a continuation of that trend, the Cupertino, California company's stock fell 2.5 percent on Monday, bringing its loss since Tuesday's election to almost 5 percent, compared to the S&P 500's 1.16 percent advance. Adding to concern for Apple investors, an op-ed published in the China government-backed Global Times on Sunday warned of "tit-for-tat" retaliation should Trump follow through on a campaign pledge to impose 45-percent tariffs on all imports from China. "A batch of Boeing  orders will be replaced by Airbus. US auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and US soybean and maize imports will be halted," the op-ed said. China has already become a disappointment for Apple, failing to deliver rapid growth that the company hoped would make up for slower iPhone sales in the United States and other mature markets. Revenue from China slumped 30 percent in Apple's September quarter, worse than the Americas' 7 percent decline. Apple's China sales could be hurt by potential trade conflicts as well as the country's weakening currency, said Rosenblatt Securities analyst Jun Zhang by email. He said he believes China iPhone sales fell in October, even after fixing supply issues affecting the iPhone 7 Plus. Synovus Trust Company Senior Portfolio Manager Daniel Morgan, who owns $33 million worth of Apple shares, warned not to read too much into Trump's campaign trail threats against China, at least in the near term. "You just don't just jump in and start rewriting trade agreements," Morgan said. - Reuters -   Add comment Name (required) E-mail (required, but will not display) Website Notify me of follow-up comments Refresh Send Cancel JComments News National News International News Business News Sports News Documentary Links CNN News BBC News AseanMedia Channel News Asia Others About Us Contact Us Feedback Copyright © 2016 RTB News Website. All Rights Reserved
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 15 November 2016 | MYT 8:27 AM Apple stock extends losses after China warning about Trump Challenging outlook: An analyst says Apple's China sales could be hurt by potential trade conflicts as well as the country's weakening currency. — Reuters SAN FRANCISCO: Apple's stock extended recent losses on Monday after a warning that iPhone sales could suffer if President-elect Donald Trump follows through on campaign threats to impose new tariffs on China. Apple is among several major technology stocks, including Amazon.com, Facebook and Alphabet , selling off since Tuesday's election as investors shift funds into financial and public works companies seen benefiting from deregulation and infrastructure spending under President-elect Trump. In a continuation of that trend, the Cupertino, California company's stock fell 2.5% on Monday, bringing its loss since Tuesday's election to almost 5%, compared to the S&P 500's 1.16% advance. Adding to concern for Apple investors, an op-ed published in the China government-backed Global Times on Sunday warned of "tit-for-tat" retaliation should Trump follow through on a campaign pledge to impose 45% tariffs on all imports from China. "A batch of Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus. US auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and US soybean and maize imports will be halted," the op-ed said. China has already become a disappointment for Apple, failing to deliver rapid growth that the company hoped would make up for slower iPhone sales in the United States and other mature markets. Revenue from China slumped 30% in Apple's September quarter, worse than the Americas' 7% decline. Apple's China sales could be hurt by potential trade conflicts as well as the country's weakening currency, said Rosenblatt Securities analyst Jun Zhang by email. He said he believes China iPhone sales fell in October, even after fixing supply issues affecting the iPhone 7 Plus. Synovus Trust Company Senior Portfolio Manager Daniel Morgan, who owns US$33mil (RM142mil) worth of Apple shares, warned not to read too much into Trump's campaign trail threats against China, at least in the near term. "You just don't just jump in and start rewriting trade agreements," Morgan said. —  Reuters You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Minding the language of politics Messi masterclass puts Argentina back on World Cup track MRT fare starts at RM1 advertisement Latest News US trade panel eyes Qualcomm patent complaint against Chinese firms Photo Kit: Taking better photos of your pets (and kids) Google commits to post-Brexit UK with major London investment GE acquires two artificial intelligence startups Singapore to launch blockchain project for interbank payments Most Viewed in Tech GE acquires two artificial intelligence startups Best smartphones for the holidays Singapore to launch blockchain project for interbank payments Warning! Traces of grime on your phone reveal your life story Google commits to post-Brexit UK with major London investment Photo Kit: Taking better photos of your pets (and kids) Sex hook-up websites' login credentials hacked Xiaomi opens its Mi Store on Lazada Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years Nintendo Switch priced from US$249 Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Avcorp Announces 2016 Third Quarter Financial Results VANCOUVER, Nov. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ – Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the “Company”, “Avcorp” or the “Avcorp Group”) today announced its financial results for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016. All amounts are in Canadian currency unless otherwise stated. Q3 Financial and Operational Highlights Revenue was $41.0 million, up 89.6% from $21.5 million for Q3 2015. Including costs incurred from the Hitco acquisition that have yet to be recovered, loss from operations was $17.9 million. In Q3 2015, loss from operations was $2.0 million. Awarded multiple production contracts from Boeing consisting of complex metal bond and multi-material structural assemblies. Secured a US$5 million loan facility for use as working capital purposes. Order backlog at September 30 was $640 million, up 62% from $395 million at June 30, 2016. Signed a memorandum of understanding with the University of British Columbia to explore the creation of a Learning Factory for Advanced Composites. Highlights Subsequent to Quarter End Signed a long-term production contract with the Aerospace Company of Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd. (“FHI”), a tier-one supplier to major original equipment manufacturers (“OEM”) of commercial and defence aircraft around the world. Announced a restructuring at the Gardena facility which will result in significant annual cost savings for the Company, net of anticipated severance costs of approximately $260,000. As a subsequent event, the Company has amended and extended its existing credit facility. CEO Commentary “Our third quarter was among our most active ever as marked by our revenue growth and the signing of a major contract award with one our longest-standing customers,” said Mr. Peter George “We are sustaining this momentum into Q4 with the signing of a long-term production contract with Fuji Heavy Industries and efforts to improve operational performance and utilization at our facilities.” Mr. George added, “Looking ahead, we will continue to strengthen our relationships with OEM aircraft manufacturers and their related Tier 1 suppliers through our ongoing efforts to expand our composite manufacturing capabilities. These efforts will run in parallel with initiatives to improve our profitability and market valuation.” Review of Financial Results During the quarter ended September 30, 2016 Avcorp Group revenues totalled $41.0 million as compared to $21.6 million in revenue for the same quarter in the previous year.  The December 18, 2015 acquisition of the US based composite Aerostructures division of Hitco, a subsidiary of Frankfurt-listed SGL has added $26.0 million to current quarter revenues. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Avcorp Group recorded a loss from operations of $17,861,000, which includes costs incurred and yet to be recovered under the Hitco acquisition agreement, on $41.0 million in revenue; as compared to a $2.0 million operating loss on $21.6 million in revenue for the same quarter in the previous year.  Pre-Hitco acquisition operational events although indemnified under a service agreement and asset purchase agreement with Hitco and SGL, and on which Avcorp was required to assist, further adversely impacted operations and caused excessive personnel costs, and administrative and legal expenditures at ACF Avcorp’s Gardena facility during the third quarter. These costs have yet to be recovered and are included in all the costs for 2016. The Company has taken decisive steps towards reducing costs at its Gardena facility by way of issuing 60 day WARN notifications on October 24, 2016, as part of a restructuring initiative at its Gardena California facility that will result in a workforce reduction of 75 permanent employees by December 31, 2016.  This reduction is in addition to exiting 180 temporary workers during the last 90 days, which were added this year to support customers’ requirements arising from legacy product issues. Over the course of 2016 and into the first part of 2017 certain of the smaller loss making contracts, assumed with the Hitco acquisition, are being wound down thereby eliminating the associated losses.  What will be the remaining significant loss making contract has been the focus of a comprehensive Company initiative within which management has commenced discussions and planning with a major customer which would provide for an orderly and protected transition of this significant loss making contract from Avcorp’s Gardena facility. Contract revisions are in process which will ultimately improve Avcorp’s financial performance. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, cash flows from operating activities, excluding the impact of changes in non-cash working capital, utilized $17.4 million of cash as compared to utilizing $0.4 million of cash during the quarter ended September 30, 2015.  Cash flows from operating activities were most significantly impacted as a result of operating losses incurred from the integration and productionization costs expended for the newly acquired Hitco operations, losses arising from unfavourable customer contracts assumed, and operational, administrative, and legal expenditures, incurred at Avcorp’s Gardena facility as a direct result of pre-Hitco acquisition operational events. The order backlog as at September 30, 2016 is $640.0 million, in consideration of attaining full award values; compared to $395.0 million as at June 30, 2016.  The primary factor underlying the change in order backlog is an approximately $277.0 million increase in order backlog due to increases in production rates, contract renewals for various existing programs, and new contract awards. The Company’s complete interim financial statements and management’s discussion and analysis for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 can be found at www.avcorp.com or at www.sedar.com. About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world’s leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Fuji Heavy Industries and Lockheed Martin.  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light-weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company’s unaudited financial statements contained in the Company’s Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation’s customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation’s ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation’s ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation’s access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. CONDENSED INTERM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (unaudited, prepared in accordance with IAS 34, expressed in thousands of Canadian dollars) September 30, 2016 December 31, 2015 ASSETS Current assets Cash $5,342 $14,484 Accounts receivable 29,989 30,124 Consideration receivable 11,463 26,624 Inventories 28,651 36,383 Prepayments and other assets 2,750 1,424 78,195 109,039 Non-current assets Prepaid rent and security 433 449 Consideration receivable – 12,096 Development costs 4,801 3,187 Property, plant and equipment 30,195 29,880 Intangibles 12,155 16,095 Total assets 125,779 170,746 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Bank indebtedness 7,483 – Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 34,002 27,087 Current portion of long-term debt 2,261 240 Customer advance 9,860 10,408 Deferred program revenues 5,751 4,924 Unfavourable contracts liability 8,614 11,335 67,971 53,994 Non-current liabilities Deferred gain and lease inducement 283 392 Long-term debt 1,674 1,646 Customer advance 4,447 12,697 Unfavourable contracts liability 68,310 78,636 Deferred program revenues 150 – Deferred income taxes payable 1,170 1,235 144,005 148,600 Equity Capital stock 80,302 80,158 Contributed surplus 5,762 4,453 Accumulated other comprehensive income 303 – Deficit (104,593) (62,465) (18,226) 22,146 Total liabilities and equity 125,779 170,746 CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF (LOSS) AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) (unaudited, prepared in accordance with IAS 34, expressed in thousands of Canadian dollars, except number of shares and per share amounts) Three months ended September 30 Nine months ended September 30 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues $40,979 $21,610 $120,572 $57,640 Cost of sales 51,694 18,451 143,985 51,770 Gross (loss) profit (10,715) 3,159 (23,413) 5,870 Administrative and general expenses 7,061 5,068 19,236 11,327 Office equipment depreciation 85 121 392 370 Operating (Loss) (17,861) (2,030) (43,041) (5,827) Finance costs – net 99 219 131 313 Foreign exchange (gain) loss (874) (194) (994) (189) Gain on sale of equipment – (2) (50) (2) (Loss) Income before income tax (17,086) (2,053) (42,128) (5,949) Income tax expense – – – – Net (loss) for the period (17,086) (2,053) (42,128) (5,949) Other comprehensive (loss) (126) – (303) – (Loss) and total comprehensive (loss) for the period (17,212) (2,053) (41,825) (5,949) (Loss) per share: Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per common share (0.06) (0.01) (0.14) (0.02) Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding (000’s) 307,141 302,633 306,428 302,633 CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited, prepared in accordance with IAS 34, expressed in thousands of Canadian dollars) Three months ended September 30 Nine months ended September 30 2016 2015 2016 2015 Cash flows from (used in) operating activities Net (loss) income for the period $(17,086) $(2,053) $(42,128) $(5,949) Adjustment for items not affecting cash: Accrued interest and government royalties 23 96 61 190 Depreciation 888 395 2,616 1,177 Development cost amortization 243 882 530 930 Intangible assets amortization 1,031 – 3,126 – Loss (gain) on disposal of equipment – – (50) – Provision for onerous contracts (2,903) – (8,401) – Provision for loss-making contracts and obsolete inventory 75 (66) 1,071 64 Stock based compensation 374 244 839 736 Non-cash financing cost accretion 20 123 20 123 Other items (32) (32) (96) (94) (17,367) (411) (42,412) (2,823) Changes in non-cash working capital Accounts receivable (261) (2,413) (617) (3,953) Inventories 7,095 1,255 6,650 (348) Prepayments and other assets (1,324) 122 (1,344) 286 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (719) (763) 6,925 986 Customer advance (2,680) – (7,649) – Deferred program revenues 1,985 (1,229) 410 (4,700) Net cash from (used in) operating activities (13,271) (3,439) (38,037) (10,552) Cash flows from (used in) investing activities Proceeds from consideration receivable 6,490 – 25,429 – Proceeds from sale of equipment 10 – 60 – Purchase of equipment (1,469) (240) (4,097) (1,028) Payments relating to development costs and tooling (429) (114) (2,144) (1,209) Net cash from (used in) investing activities 4,602 (354) 19,248 (2,237) Cash flows from (used in) financing activities Increase (decrease) in bank indebtedness 5,972 (784) 7,483 5,465 Payment of interest (7) (57) (21) (132) Proceeds from current and long term debt 2,623 5,090 2,682 5,843 Proceeds from issuance of common shares – – 113 – Repayment of current and long-term debt (38) (106) (201) (290) Net cash from (used in) financing activities 8,550 4,143 10,056 10,886 Net increase (decrease) in cash (119) 350 (8,733) (1,903) Net foreign exchange difference 409 (204) (409) (280) Cash – Beginning of period 5,052 830 14,484 3,159 Cash – End of period 5,342 976 5,342 976 CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (unaudited, prepared in accordance with IAS 34, expressed in thousands of Canadian dollars, except number of shares) Capital Stock   Contributed Surplus Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive  Income Total Equity Number of Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2014 302,633,184 $79,921 $3,129 $(65,673) $ – $17,377 Stock based compensation expense – – 736 – – 736 Fair value of warrants issued – – 656 – – 656 Loss and total comprehensive loss for the period – – – (5,949) – (5,949) Balance September 30, 2015 302,633,184 79,921 4,521 (71,622) – 12,820 Balance December 31, 2015 305,555,184 80,158 4,453 (62,465) – 22,146 Issue of Common Shares 1,586,000 113 – – – 113 Stock-based compensation expense – – 1,259 – – 1,259 Cancellation of issued stock options – – (420) – – (420) Transfer to share capital on exercise of stock options – 31 (31) – – – Fair value of warrants issued – – 501 – – 501 Unrealized currency gain on translation for the period – – – – 303 303 Loss and total comprehensive loss for the period – – – (42,128) – (42,128) Balance September 30, 2016 307,141,184 80,302 5,762 (104,593) 303 (18,226) SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 15, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: New York Mom launches financial literacy book series for kids Next Next post: Post-Show Report Manufacturing World Osaka 2016 Concluded in a Huge Success! Search for: Search Recent Posts Insomnia Pipeline Landscape and Therapeutics Development Market Review H2 2016 McKay Brothers Slashes Latency Between Tokyo and Singapore Diet Doc Provides Pharmacy-Grade Weight Loss Solutions and Customized Diet Plans With Ketogenic Diet Reliance Group Invests USD 12 MN in Realty Firm Square Yards Direct2Guests Announces Integration of the Guest Connect Platform with Hotel's in-room Televisions Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Avcorp Announces 2016 Third Quarter Financial Results News provided by Avcorp Industries Inc. Nov 14, 2016, 19:59 ET Share this article VANCOUVER, Nov. 14, 2016 /PRNewswire/ - Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) (the "Company", "Avcorp" or the "Avcorp Group") today announced its financial results for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016. All amounts are in Canadian currency unless otherwise stated. Q3 Financial and Operational Highlights Revenue was $41.0 million, up 89.6% from $21.5 million for Q3 2015. Including costs incurred from the Hitco acquisition that have yet to be recovered, loss from operations was $17.9 million. In Q3 2015, loss from operations was $2.0 million. Awarded multiple production contracts from Boeing consisting of complex metal bond and multi-material structural assemblies. Secured a US$5 million loan facility for use as working capital purposes. Order backlog at September 30 was $640 million, up 62% from $395 million at June 30, 2016. Signed a memorandum of understanding with the University of British Columbia to explore the creation of a Learning Factory for Advanced Composites. Highlights Subsequent to Quarter End Signed a long-term production contract with the Aerospace Company of Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd. ("FHI"), a tier-one supplier to major original equipment manufacturers ("OEM") of commercial and defence aircraft around the world. Announced a restructuring at the Gardena facility which will result in significant annual cost savings for the Company, net of anticipated severance costs of approximately $260,000. As a subsequent event, the Company has amended and extended its existing credit facility. CEO Commentary "Our third quarter was among our most active ever as marked by our revenue growth and the signing of a major contract award with one our longest-standing customers," said Mr. Peter George "We are sustaining this momentum into Q4 with the signing of a long-term production contract with Fuji Heavy Industries and efforts to improve operational performance and utilization at our facilities." Mr. George added, "Looking ahead, we will continue to strengthen our relationships with OEM aircraft manufacturers and their related Tier 1 suppliers through our ongoing efforts to expand our composite manufacturing capabilities. These efforts will run in parallel with initiatives to improve our profitability and market valuation." Review of Financial Results During the quarter ended September 30, 2016 Avcorp Group revenues totalled $41.0 million as compared to $21.6 million in revenue for the same quarter in the previous year.  The December 18, 2015 acquisition of the US based composite Aerostructures division of Hitco, a subsidiary of Frankfurt-listed SGL has added $26.0 million to current quarter revenues. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, the Avcorp Group recorded a loss from operations of $17,861,000, which includes costs incurred and yet to be recovered under the Hitco acquisition agreement, on $41.0 million in revenue; as compared to a $2.0 million operating loss on $21.6 million in revenue for the same quarter in the previous year.  Pre-Hitco acquisition operational events although indemnified under a service agreement and asset purchase agreement with Hitco and SGL, and on which Avcorp was required to assist, further adversely impacted operations and caused excessive personnel costs, and administrative and legal expenditures at ACF Avcorp's Gardena facility during the third quarter. These costs have yet to be recovered and are included in all the costs for 2016. The Company has taken decisive steps towards reducing costs at its Gardena facility by way of issuing 60 day WARN notifications on October 24, 2016, as part of a restructuring initiative at its Gardena California facility that will result in a workforce reduction of 75 permanent employees by December 31, 2016.  This reduction is in addition to exiting 180 temporary workers during the last 90 days, which were added this year to support customers' requirements arising from legacy product issues. Over the course of 2016 and into the first part of 2017 certain of the smaller loss making contracts, assumed with the Hitco acquisition, are being wound down thereby eliminating the associated losses.  What will be the remaining significant loss making contract has been the focus of a comprehensive Company initiative within which management has commenced discussions and planning with a major customer which would provide for an orderly and protected transition of this significant loss making contract from Avcorp's Gardena facility. Contract revisions are in process which will ultimately improve Avcorp's financial performance. During the quarter ended September 30, 2016, cash flows from operating activities, excluding the impact of changes in non-cash working capital, utilized $17.4 million of cash as compared to utilizing $0.4 million of cash during the quarter ended September 30, 2015.  Cash flows from operating activities were most significantly impacted as a result of operating losses incurred from the integration and productionization costs expended for the newly acquired Hitco operations, losses arising from unfavourable customer contracts assumed, and operational, administrative, and legal expenditures, incurred at Avcorp's Gardena facility as a direct result of pre-Hitco acquisition operational events. The order backlog as at September 30, 2016 is $640.0 million, in consideration of attaining full award values; compared to $395.0 million as at June 30, 2016.  The primary factor underlying the change in order backlog is an approximately $277.0 million increase in order backlog due to increases in production rates, contract renewals for various existing programs, and new contract awards. The Company's complete interim financial statements and management's discussion and analysis for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2016 can be found at www.avcorp.com or at www.sedar.com. About Avcorp The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for some of the world's leading aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Fuji Heavy Industries and Lockheed Martin.  The Avcorp Group has more than 50 years of experience, over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, USA has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. The Avcorp Group offers integrated composite and metallic aircraft structures to aircraft manufacturers, a distinct advantage in the pursuit of contracts for new aircraft designs, which require lower-cost, light-weight, strong, reliable structures.  Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., at our Burlington, Ontario, Canada location also provides aircraft operators with aircraft structural component repair services for commercial aircraft.  Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc.  Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Avcorp Industries Inc. is a federally incorporated reporting company in Canada and traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange (TSX:AVP). PETER GEORGE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AVCORP GROUP Forward-Looking Statements This release should be read in conjunction with the Company's unaudited financial statements contained in the Company's Annual Report and with the quarterly financial statements and accompanying notes filed with Sedar (www.sedar.com). Certain statements in this release and other oral and written statements made by the Company from time to time are forward-looking statements, including those that discuss strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; or projected revenues, income, returns or other financial measures.  These forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in the statements, including the following:  (a) changes in worldwide economic and political conditions that impact interest and foreign exchange rates; (b) the occurrence of work stoppages and strikes at key facilities of the Corporation or the Corporation's customers or suppliers; (c) government funding and program approvals affecting products being developed or sold under government programs; (d) cost and delivery performance under various program and development contracts; (e) the adequacy of cost estimates for various customer care programs including servicing warranties; (f) the ability to control costs and successful implementation of various cost reduction programs; (g) the timing of certifications of new aircraft products; (h) the occurrence of downturns in customer markets to which the Corporation products are sold or supplied or where the Corporation offers financing; (i) changes in aircraft delivery schedules or cancellation of orders; (j) the Corporation's ability to offset, through cost reductions, raw material price increases and pricing pressure brought by original equipment manufacturer customers; (k) the availability and cost of insurance; (l) the Corporation's ability to maintain portfolio credit quality; (m) the Corporation's access to debt financing at competitive rates; (n) uncertainty in estimating contingent liabilities and establishing reserves tailored to address such contingencies; and (o) integration of newly acquired operations and associated expenses may adversely affect profitability. CONDENSED INTERM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF FINANCIAL POSITION (unaudited, prepared in accordance with IAS 34, expressed in thousands of Canadian dollars) September 30, 2016 December 31, 2015 ASSETS Current assets Cash $5,342 $14,484 Accounts receivable 29,989 30,124 Consideration receivable 11,463 26,624 Inventories 28,651 36,383 Prepayments and other assets 2,750 1,424 78,195 109,039 Non-current assets Prepaid rent and security 433 449 Consideration receivable - 12,096 Development costs 4,801 3,187 Property, plant and equipment 30,195 29,880 Intangibles 12,155 16,095 Total assets 125,779 170,746 LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Bank indebtedness 7,483 - Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 34,002 27,087 Current portion of long-term debt 2,261 240 Customer advance 9,860 10,408 Deferred program revenues 5,751 4,924 Unfavourable contracts liability 8,614 11,335 67,971 53,994 Non-current liabilities Deferred gain and lease inducement 283 392 Long-term debt 1,674 1,646 Customer advance 4,447 12,697 Unfavourable contracts liability 68,310 78,636 Deferred program revenues 150 - Deferred income taxes payable 1,170 1,235 144,005 148,600 Equity Capital stock 80,302 80,158 Contributed surplus 5,762 4,453 Accumulated other comprehensive income 303 - Deficit (104,593) (62,465) (18,226) 22,146 Total liabilities and equity 125,779 170,746 CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF (LOSS) AND COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) (unaudited, prepared in accordance with IAS 34, expressed in thousands of Canadian dollars, except number of shares and per share amounts) Three months ended September 30 Nine months ended September 30 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues $40,979 $21,610 $120,572 $57,640 Cost of sales 51,694 18,451 143,985 51,770 Gross (loss) profit (10,715) 3,159 (23,413) 5,870 Administrative and general expenses 7,061 5,068 19,236 11,327 Office equipment depreciation 85 121 392 370 Operating (Loss) (17,861) (2,030) (43,041) (5,827) Finance costs – net 99 219 131 313 Foreign exchange (gain) loss (874) (194) (994) (189) Gain on sale of equipment - (2) (50) (2) (Loss) Income before income tax (17,086) (2,053) (42,128) (5,949) Income tax expense - - - - Net (loss) for the period (17,086) (2,053) (42,128) (5,949) Other comprehensive (loss) (126) - (303) - (Loss) and total comprehensive (loss) for the period (17,212) (2,053) (41,825) (5,949) (Loss) per share: Basic and diluted (loss) earnings per common share (0.06) (0.01) (0.14) (0.02) Basic and diluted weighted average number of shares outstanding (000's) 307,141 302,633 306,428 302,633 CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited, prepared in accordance with IAS 34, expressed in thousands of Canadian dollars) Three months ended September 30 Nine months ended September 30 2016 2015 2016 2015 Cash flows from (used in) operating activities Net (loss) income for the period $(17,086) $(2,053) $(42,128) $(5,949) Adjustment for items not affecting cash: Accrued interest and government royalties 23 96 61 190 Depreciation 888 395 2,616 1,177 Development cost amortization 243 882 530 930 Intangible assets amortization 1,031 - 3,126 - Loss (gain) on disposal of equipment - - (50) - Provision for onerous contracts (2,903) - (8,401) - Provision for loss-making contracts and obsolete inventory 75 (66) 1,071 64 Stock based compensation 374 244 839 736 Non-cash financing cost accretion 20 123 20 123 Other items (32) (32) (96) (94) (17,367) (411) (42,412) (2,823) Changes in non-cash working capital Accounts receivable (261) (2,413) (617) (3,953) Inventories 7,095 1,255 6,650 (348) Prepayments and other assets (1,324) 122 (1,344) 286 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities (719) (763) 6,925 986 Customer advance (2,680) - (7,649) - Deferred program revenues 1,985 (1,229) 410 (4,700) Net cash from (used in) operating activities (13,271) (3,439) (38,037) (10,552) Cash flows from (used in) investing activities Proceeds from consideration receivable 6,490 - 25,429 - Proceeds from sale of equipment 10 - 60 - Purchase of equipment (1,469) (240) (4,097) (1,028) Payments relating to development costs and tooling (429) (114) (2,144) (1,209) Net cash from (used in) investing activities 4,602 (354) 19,248 (2,237) Cash flows from (used in) financing activities Increase (decrease) in bank indebtedness 5,972 (784) 7,483 5,465 Payment of interest (7) (57) (21) (132) Proceeds from current and long term debt 2,623 5,090 2,682 5,843 Proceeds from issuance of common shares - - 113 - Repayment of current and long-term debt (38) (106) (201) (290) Net cash from (used in) financing activities 8,550 4,143 10,056 10,886 Net increase (decrease) in cash (119) 350 (8,733) (1,903) Net foreign exchange difference 409 (204) (409) (280) Cash - Beginning of period 5,052 830 14,484 3,159 Cash - End of period 5,342 976 5,342 976 CONDENSED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY (unaudited, prepared in accordance with IAS 34, expressed in thousands of Canadian dollars, except number of shares) Capital Stock   Contributed Surplus Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive  Income Total Equity Number of Shares Amount Balance December 31, 2014 302,633,184 $79,921 $3,129 $(65,673) $ - $17,377 Stock based compensation expense - - 736 - - 736 Fair value of warrants issued - - 656 - - 656 Loss and total comprehensive loss for the period - - - (5,949) - (5,949) Balance September 30, 2015 302,633,184 79,921 4,521 (71,622) - 12,820 Balance December 31, 2015 305,555,184 80,158 4,453 (62,465) - 22,146 Issue of Common Shares 1,586,000 113 - - - 113 Stock-based compensation expense - - 1,259 - - 1,259 Cancellation of issued stock options - - (420) - - (420) Transfer to share capital on exercise of stock options - 31 (31) - - - Fair value of warrants issued - - 501 - - 501 Unrealized currency gain on translation for the period - - - - 303 303 Loss and total comprehensive loss for the period - - - (42,128) - (42,128) Balance September 30, 2016 307,141,184 80,302 5,762 (104,593) 303 (18,226) SOURCE Avcorp Industries Inc. Related Links http://www.avcorp.com Nov 10, 2016, 20:28 ET Preview: Avcorp Awarded Long-Term Production Contract from Fuji Heavy Industries My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 10, 2016, 20:28 ETAvcorp Awarded Long-Term Production Contract from Fuji Heavy... Nov 08, 2016, 19:29 ETAvcorp announces restructuring at its Gardena facility Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Earnings You just read: Avcorp Announces 2016 Third Quarter Financial Results News provided by Avcorp Industries Inc. Nov 14, 2016, 19:59 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
null
