Wednesday, November 16, 2016 News Sarawak State Election 2016 Nation Sabah World Brunei Kalimantan Business Sports Football General Tennis Badminton Utusan Borneo Berita Sarawak Berita Sabah Berita Nasional Berita Iban Sukan thesundaypost Columns BPO Seeds BAT Business  Boeing, Airbus trade barbs as China competition heats up November 3, 2016, Thursday ZHUHAI, CHINA: Aerospace giants Boeing and Airbus took potshots at one another at the Zhuhai air show, as the US and European rivals seek to capture more of China’s booming aircraft market. China is one of the Western manufacturers’ key battlegrounds, with its travellers taking to the skies in ever-growing numbers. The country’s airlines will need nearly 6,000 new planes worth US$945 billion over the next two decades, Airbus said in its 2016-2035 Global Market Forecast. Boeing’s expectations are even more optimistic, for 6,800 aircraft costing US$1 trillion. To win favour locally both have built partnerships with Chinese firms. Airbus has a completion and delivery centre in Tianjin, where workers install furnishings and apply paint to aircraft for the domestic market. It also buys parts such as exit doors, brake blades and wing sections from Chinese suppliers. Boeing is planning to open a facility with the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) to paint and install cabins for 737-model planes, the Chinese firm said. Eric Chen, president of Airbus China, dismissed the Seattle firm’s plan as “close to one generation” behind his own firm, saying it was following Airbus’s strategy “with a lot of reluctance”. “I got two impressions,” he said at a briefing at the China Airshow in Zhuhai, the industry’s biggest event in the country. “First one, the decision we made 10 years ago was right. The second impression is that we are well in advance of our competitor.” Darren Hulst, managing director for Northeast Asia marketing at Boeing, earlier told reporters that the Airbus A350 fell short of the 787 widebody plane in range, capacity, carbon emissions, window size and aerodynamics. “The 787 is capable and has technology and features built into it that are not available on the A350, which was obviously introduced later into the market,” he said. He added the company had 14 China deliveries of 787-9s in 2016 and had secured orders and commitments for 46 more. While the two megafirms see a sunny future in China, homegrown competitors backed by Beijing aim to beat them at home – and ultimately abroad. Chinese authorities have urged companies to acquire technology and skills in a range of high-value sectors including aerospace in the ‘Made in China 2025’ plan. At the same time as it is working with both Boeing and Airbus, COMAC is developing single-aisle jets to compete with them. Its C919 narrow-body is going up against the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 in the 160-seat segment, which the Chinese company predicts will have more than 17,000 deliveries over the next 20 years. In Zhuhai COMAC announced that state-owned China Eastern Airlines had committed to buy 20 C919s. In the summer COMAC’s regional jet, the 90-seat ARJ21, flew its first commercial flight after years of delays. Boeing, Airbus and Canadian regional builder Bombardier all played down the threat of Chinese competition. But the business climate has darkened for US and European firms in the country, with the American Chamber of Commerce in China reporting this year that more than three-quarters of survey respondents felt “less welcome” there. — AFP What do you think of this story? Great (0%) Interesting (0%) Nothing (0%) Sad (0%) Angry (0%) Share this: Tweet Email   ← ‘KL, Beijing reaping fruits of Tun Razak’s trust in China’ StanChart says faces probe over work on Hong Kong IPO → We encourage commenting on our stories to give readers a chance to express their opinions; please refrain from vulgar language, insidious, seditious or slanderous remarks. While the comments here reflect the views of the readers, they are not necessarily that of Borneo Post Online. Borneo Post Online reserves the right not to publish or to remove comments that are offensive or volatile. Please read the Commenting Rules. Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Red Shirt Jamal banned from Sarawak New law may slash LPG price Villagers keeping their distance from Sg Oya Surat bongkar rahsia GLC director, 2 others remanded for power abuse, corruption involving RM39 mln Weekly News Highlights Affiliates -- Affiliates -- Borneo Post Online See Hua Online KTS Trading Metropolitan Oriental Daily Borneo Post International Education Fair Yayasan Sarawak   Supplement Downloads BP Supplement Archive Member of Quicklinks CAREERS ADVERTISE CONTACT US RSS Fastlane Home News Business Sports Utusan Borneo thesundaypost Columns Useful Links BPO Commenting Rules and Regulations BPO News Archive Handy Contacts This service is provided on BorneoPost online standard Policies and Conditions. Copyright 2010-2015 BorneoPost Online. All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Follow Us On Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > ShowNews > NBAA 2016 > New MAX 7 Boosts Boeing Business Jet Range You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN New MAX 7 Boosts Boeing Business Jet Range Nov 2, 2016 Guy Norris | ShowNews EMAIL Tweet Comments 2 Advertisement Bolstered by the launch of a new, longer range MAX 7 variant of its BBJ range, Boeing Business Jets has unveiled a package of incentives to attract new customers and speed re-sale of used BBJs. The BBJ MAX 7 is “the aircraft we’ve been waiting to sell for a very long time” says Boeing BBJ president David Longridge.  The new variant is based on the revised 737 MAX 7 model announced by Boeing at the recent Farnborough airshow and becomes available from as a BBJ from 2022 onward. Based on the heavier structure of a shortened MAX 8 rather than a stretch of the lighter MAX 7, the new BBJ variant will have a 76-inch longer cabin and a 7,000 nm range. “This can make the Dubai to New York mission which is frankly something we’ve been waiting a decade to do,” says Longridge. “We think this will probably be the best-selling business jet over the next 20 years and will outstrip even the BBJ. The BBJ1, the one that flies the furthest, represents 75% of all the BBJs we sell and this is bigger and flies further.” Powered by more efficient CFM Leap-1Bs the BBJ MAX 7 will fly almost 800 nm. further than the current BBJ using less fuel. This means maximum range will be achievable using only seven belly-mounted auxiliary fuel tanks rather than the nine required today, providing an 85% increase in lower hold baggage space.  With the coming availability of the newer aircraft Boeing has developed a new program called the All Access Pass which, for $500,000, will make it easier to sell pre-owned aircraft, interest in which is particularly growing in China. “We pay close attention to the pre-owned BBJ market because if planes are difficult to sell it means residual value and the financing of new planes we are trying to sell is affected,” says Longridge. The package will also boost market perception and “the ability to introduce new customers who haven’t flown a Boeing before,” he adds. The package provides technical support at no extra cost, a 10-year waiver on intellectual property royalties, a one-year suite of flight operations and maintenance documents and options for BBJ flight operations and maintenance training. It also includes contract and customer support. Working with a network of completion centers and General Electric, Boeing has also led development of ‘power-by-the-hour’ packages, “so that if a potential operator thinking about moving into an aircraft of this size then they have a high level of confidence in what they will pay to operate the aircraft,” he adds. Overall Boeing Business Jets has taken 239 orders of all versions and delivered 217, of which 164 and 162 are BBJs respectively. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 2 Talyn on Nov 3, 2016 Regardless of it's greater efficiency and longer range would the BBJ MAX 7 be able to accommodate additional belly-mounted auxiliary fuel tanks beyond the standard seven for even greater range? Considering it's size the BBJ MAX7 is a large aircraft and could still accommodate a lot of baggage in the lower hold space even with nine auxiliary fuel tanks. Log In or Register to post comments rengab1@gmail.com on Nov 4, 2016 Competitor for ISR aircraft vice 707 platforms Rene Abad AirPino PH Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Pilot Report: Gulfstream G500 12   Can New Products Shake Bizav Out Of Doldrums? 2 A New MOM Aircraft? It’s the Economics, Stupid 107   Boeing MAX Stretch Variant Poses Engine Challenges 77   Simpler 737-10X, New Midsize Airplane Both ‘Doable’ 89   NBAA 2016 Coverage Sponsors Full Coverage Advertisement Business & Commercial Aviation The cornerstone of Aviation Week’s business aviation portfolio. Business & Commercial Aviation is the industry’s most reliable "how-to" source for business aviation intelligence.   Two ways to read online: Digital issues – Read online by article Digital edition – Replica of print magazine, posted monthly Login or subscribe for full access Advertisement Connect with ShowNews Email your latest news that you have planned for NBAA and Zhuhai to ShowNews' Editor-In-Chief, John Morris Sign up to receive the ShowNews edition of the Daily Digest newsletter. Interested in advertising? Learn More Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
Back To Top[*] Boeing, Airbus trade barbs as China competition heats up Nov. 03, 2016 - 06:26AM JST Aerospace giants Boeing and Airbus took potshots at one another at the Zhuhai air show, as the U.S. and European rivals seek to capture more of China’s booming aircraft market. China is one of the Western manufacturers’ key battlegrounds, with its travellers taking to the skies in ever-growing numbers. The country’s airlines will need nearly 6,000 new planes worth $945 billion over the next two decades, Airbus said in its 2016-2035 Global Market Forecast. Boeing’s expectations are even more optimistic, for 6,800 aircraft costing $1 trillion. To win favour locally both have built partnerships with Chinese firms. Airbus has a completion and delivery center in Tianjin, where workers install furnishings and apply paint to aircraft for the domestic market. It also buys parts such as exit doors, brake blades and wing sections from Chinese suppliers. Boeing is planning to open a facility with the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) to paint and install cabins for 737-model planes, the Chinese firm said. Eric Chen, president of Airbus China, dismissed the Seattle firm’s plan as “close to one generation” behind his own firm, saying it was following Airbus’s strategy “with a lot of reluctance”. “I got two impressions,” he said at a briefing at the China Airshow in Zhuhai, the industry’s biggest event in the country. “First one, the decision we made 10 years ago was right. The second impression is that we are well in advance of our competitor.” Darren Hulst, managing director for Northeast Asia marketing at Boeing, earlier told reporters that the Airbus A350 fell short of the 787 widebody plane in range, capacity, carbon emissions, window size and aerodynamics. “The 787 is capable and has technology and features built into it that are not available on the A350, which was obviously introduced later into the market,” he said. He added the company had 14 China deliveries of 787-9s in 2016 and had secured orders and commitments for 46 more. While the two megafirms see a sunny future in China, homegrown competitors backed by Beijing aim to beat them at home—and ultimately abroad.  Chinese authorities have urged companies to acquire technology and skills in a range of high-value sectors including aerospace in the “Made in China 2025” plan. At the same time as it is working with both Boeing and Airbus, COMAC is developing single-aisle jets to compete with them. Its C919 narrow-body is going up against the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 in the 160-seat segment, which the Chinese company predicts will have more than 17,000 deliveries over the next 20 years. In Zhuhai COMAC announced that state-owned China Eastern Airlines had committed to buy 20 C919s. In the summer COMAC’s regional jet, the 90-seat ARJ21, flew its first commercial flight after years of delays. Boeing, Airbus and Canadian regional builder Bombardier all played down the threat of Chinese competition. But the business climate has darkened for U.S. and European firms in the country, with the American Chamber of Commerce in China reporting this year that more than three-quarters of survey respondents felt “less welcome” there. Pessimism among European companies hit an all-time high in the summer, according to a European Chamber of Commerce in China report on the “increasingly hostile” business climate. Chinese-built planes are sure to secure market share in the country, Eric Lin, Hong Kong-based director of Asia transport research with UBS Securities, told AFP. In the short term, he added, foreign firms have little to fear from Chinese rivals in the developed countries that are their home market. “But after 10 years, it’s hard to say,” he noted. China has a history of adapting foreign technology with remarkable swiftness, turning from a buyer of Russian military aircraft to a producer of advanced stealth jets in 20 years. Its high speed rail and clean energy industries went from collaborators to competitors faster than global rivals anticipated. Like all foreign firms with valuable intellectual property operating in China, the aerospace giants understand the risks of training their future rivals, said Christopher Balding, professor of economics at Peking University’s HSBC Business School. But they are stuck between a rock and a hard place, he added, because shareholders want them to fight for Chinese market share. “Even if they don’t come to China, there’s a good chance that if they are doing anything innovative it’s going to get stolen anyway, so the only thing they are doing is harming their revenue.” Back To Top[*] Switch to full browser version © 2016 GPlusMedia
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper BUSINESS CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper BUSINESS Daily Sabah > Business Close Boeing, Airbus' competition in China heats up FRENCH PRESS AGENCY - AFP ZHUHAI Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE Aerospace giants Boeing and Airbus took potshots at one another at the Zhuhai air show, as the U.S. and European rivals seek to capture more of China's booming aircraft market. China is one of the Western manufacturers' key battlegrounds, with its travellers taking to the skies in ever-growing numbers. The country's airlines will need nearly 6,000 new planes worth $945 billion over the next two decades, Airbus said in its 2016-2035 Global Market Forecast. Boeing's expectations are even more optimistic, for 6,800 aircraft costing $1 trillion. To win favour locally both have built partnerships with Chinese firms. Airbus has a completion and delivery centre in Tianjin, where workers install furnishings and apply paint to aircraft for the domestic market. It also buys parts such as exit doors, brake blades and wing sections from Chinese suppliers. Boeing is planning to open a facility with the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) to paint and install cabins for 737-model planes, the Chinese firm said. Eric Chen, president of Airbus China, dismissed the Seattle firm's plan as "close to one generation" behind his own firm, saying it was following Airbus's strategy "with a lot of reluctance." "I got two impressions," he said at a briefing at the China Airshow in Zhuhai, the industry's biggest event in the country. "First one, the decision we made 10 years ago was right. The second impression is that we are well in advance of our competitor." Darren Hulst, managing director for Northeast Asia marketing at Boeing, earlier told reporters that the Airbus A350 fell short of the 787 widebody plane in range, capacity, carbon emissions, window size and aerodynamics. "The 787 is capable and has technology and features built into it that are not available on the A350, which was obviously introduced later into the market," he said. He added the company had 14 China deliveries of 787-9s in 2016 and had secured orders and commitments for 46 more. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Business Qatar said it expects "100 percent compliance" from businesses by... Next in Business Under the new strategy, Volvo and its Chinese owner are revving up... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Egypt devalues its currency by 48 percent Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us

<script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=1000&h=100&posid=17&x=js'></script> authorizing (0) (0)   Sign Up  |  Login hello, |  Log out  Advanced Search Follow us @  |  <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=248&h=87&posid=18&x=js'></script> Shanghai Mostly Cloudy/Haze °C  | °F 23°C 31°C Home Business View more »Latest Business News Chinese eying overseas homes set to grow JD.com’s Q3 revenue exceeds estimates Extended Time For Cross-Border Retail Scrutiny Hyundai to spin off firms to improve efficiency Explore Business Auto Autotalk Special Benchmark Biz Commentary Biz Special Consumer Economy Energy Finance Finance Special IT Manufacturing Media Real estate Real Estate Special Transport Metro View more »Latest Metro News Man nabbed for using fake car plate Public To Get A Greater Say Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper Jobless gambler lands back in prison City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions ‘Monster’ hairy crabs crowned Explore Metro Education Entertainment and culture Environment Expat community Health and science In-depth Interactive Services Society Nation World Sports View more »Latest Sports News San Marino hits back at Mueller China’s 2018 hopes hit with draw Messi’s bumpy ride Jellyfish attack Explore Sports American football Athletics Awards Badminton Baseball Basketball Boxing Cricket Cycling Diving Doping East Asian games Golf Gymnastics Ice hockey Motor racing Motorcycling Olympics Rugby Sailing Skating Skiing Snooker Soccer Swimming Table tennis Tennis Feature View more »Latest Feature News A panoply of sights and sounds to explore Kashgar’s resplendent past survives in redevelopment Orchestra From Ukraine Violinist Kyung Wha Chung presents Bach's unaccompanied pieces Chile’s National Day festivities made special by visit of Esmeralda Jews: Extraordinary characters in troubled times Explore Feature Animal planet Art and culture Community District special Education News Feature People Events and TV Health and environment iDEAL Travel Mice StyleHai Opinion View more »Latest Opinion News For better or worse, modern obsession with consumption changes everything The end of US soft power as fear overtakes hope? US professor lays out top policy priorities, possibilities as Trump enters White House Misconceptions around growth of business education slow spread of vital knowledge Explore Opinion Opinion Columns Book review China Knowledge Chinese Views Foreign Views Global Lens on China View more »Opinion Columns Wang Yong Opinion editor of Shanghai Daily   Spirit of ancient Dunhuang offers model for confident exchange between civilizations Bamboo flute player who has a heart of gold Sunday View more »Latest Vibe News Dinosaur brain tissue identified Please do not cuddle the animals Thai companies join in Singles Day online shopathon Tourists flock to Bangladeshi safari park ‘Billy Lynn’s’ a mesmerizing trip Verhoeven’s ‘Elle’ smoulders with lust Explore Vibe Book City scene Film Home and design Now and then Style Technology Viral PDF Subscribe Latest news: Eco-activists swim Dead Sea to raise awareness ‘Monster’ hairy crabs crowned City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions Jobless gambler lands back in prison Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper The story appears on Page A3 November 3, 2016 GET this page in PDF Free for subscribers View shopping cart Related News Global Lens on China 外媒看中国 Lippi begins tenure as China coach, target still World Cup 里皮正式执掌中国国家队，目标世界杯 View more » Photo Sets Brad Pitt greeted by swarms of fans at 'Allied' Shanghai premiere Celebrating one-month-old birthday 'Rose Wedding' on the Bund First Shanghai-born panda cub officially named View more » Home » Business » Transport China, Russia reveal mock-up of long-haul jet Source: Agencies | November 3, 2016, Thursday | Print Edition CHINA and Russia have taken a step closer to the joint development of a long-haul jet to challenge Boeing and Airbus, yesterday displaying a model of the unnamed plane that would compete with Western rivals. State-owned planemakers Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) and United Aircraft Corp of Russia said they had started looking for suppliers, as they presented a mock-up of the wide-body jet at Airshow China. Neither firm gave details of financing or technical specifications. China opened the show in the southern city of Zhuhai on Tuesday with a brief flypast of its J-20 stealth fighter. Both countries are currently developing smaller narrow-body jets to compete with the bestselling Airbus and Boeing types. Guo Bozhi, general manager of COMAC’s wide-body department, said a 50-50 joint venture based in Shanghai will start operations this year. First announced in 2014, the project has so far been slow to materialize. The firms have said they want a maiden flight in 2022 and to begin deliveries in 2025 or later. Western industry analysts consider the target challenging, but more realistic than recent aircraft programs that sought results in five to seven years and came in late. “A wide-body jet is an extremely complicated product, which will require a lot of skills and require broad industrial knowledge,” Guo told reporters. “China and Russia each have their own advantages.” Descriptions accompanying the model showed the firms ultimately envision three variants, based on a basic version that will seat 280 and have a range of up to 12,000 kilometers. The decision to base the venture in Shanghai was a “mutual decision,” Guo said at the event, attended by COMAC Chairman Jin Zhuanglong, UAC’s Chief Executive Yury Slyusar and Russia’s Minister of Trade and Industry Denis Manturov. Guo declined to say how much each party had invested in the project. A global effort to assess potential suppliers is now under way, said COMAC, which is separately pushing its own C919 narrow-body passenger jet toward a long-delayed maiden flight, now aimed for the end of this year or early next. US firms Honeywell and United Technologies Corporation said yesterday that they discussed the China-Russia jet with COMAC officials at the airshow, without commenting on the nature or subject of the contacts. “We will choose suppliers who have rich experience in development, whose products are competitive globally, and who can continually guarantee quality from the development stage until the planes go into operation,” Guo said. A key decision will be what engines to use. Industry sources speculate the jet could use Western engines. Another potentially tricky issue will be how the work should be divided, a subject which caused years of wrangling at Europe’s Airbus, which began in 1970 as a consortium of nations and took more than two decades to make a significant impact. Though a 50-50 joint venture, analysts view the Chinese side as being the more influential in the project. The firm’s Shanghai headquarters tells “where the balance of power is going to be and that reflects the size of the Chinese domestic market,” said Sash Tusa, an analyst at London-based consultancy Agency Partners. Transport <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=31&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=300&h=250&posid=55&x=js'></script> Most Read Today Weekly Monthly King and queen of crabs HK's High Court disqualifies 2 nation-insulting legislators-elect for violating Basic Law Nail-gun murderer executed Billionaire Warren Buffett invests in 3 big US airlines Evacuations underway in quake-hit New Zealand Singles Day expects record takings Stricter smoking ban from March Xi congratulates America’s victor Shanghai facing big diabetes problem Toddler Survives after Glass Door Falls on Her Chinese archaeologist refutes BBC report on Terracotta Warriors Foreign trio show how not to win friends abroad Huangpu to have its own Lujiazui Last time it was this wet in Shanghai was in 1875 Airport officials lose licenses after near miss <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=125&h=125&posid=21&x=js'></script> <script language='javascript' src='http://www2.shanghaidaily.com/showadcode.asp?w=160&h=600&posid=20&x=js'></script> Latest News Eco-activists swim Dead Sea to raise awareness ‘Monster’ hairy crabs crowned City to factor in credit history for job appointments, decisions Jobless gambler lands back in prison Garlic gets costly, but veges cheaper View more » Latest Business News Samsung’s phone just for China JD.com’s Q3 revenue exceeds estimates Hyundai to spin off firms to improve efficiency Trump to cast a shadow over free-trade talks China’s new home sales moderates Forex sales blues View more » °C | °F Shanghai Weather Loading... Loading... Loading... Details » China Weather Loading... More » World Weather Loading... More » City Specials Hangzhou Ningbo Chengdu Suzhou District Specials Chongming Pudong Huangpu Zhabei Jiading Minhang Songjiang Putuo Singapore Switzerland Germany France View more » Country Profiles Our Partners Find your friends and love powered by Explore the site Metro Education, Entertainment and culture, Environment, Expat community, Health and science, Society, In-depth, Services... Nation World Business Auto, Consumer, Economy, Energy, Finance, Real estate... Opinion Chinese perspectives, Foreign perspectives, Columnists.. Sports Basketball, Boxing, Cricket, Golf, Diving, Rugby, Soccer, Tennis... Features Art and culture, Community, Education, Animal planet, Travel... Sunday Book, City Scene, Film, Home and design, Now and Then, Style, Technology, The Week... Districts Minhang Supplement Odd PDF Multimedia Photo Sets, Cartoon, Video In-depth Reports Services Subscribe, Contact Us, RSS Center About Us | Terms of Use | RSS | Privacy Policy | Contact Us | Shanghai Call Center: 962288 沪ICP证：沪ICP备05050403 | 网络视听许可证：0909346 | 广播电视节目制作许可证：沪字第354号 | 增值电信业务经营许可证：沪B2-20120012   Copyright © 1999- Shanghai Daily. All rights reserved.Preferably viewed with Internet Explorer 8 or newer browsers. 沪公网安备 31010602000204号 Email this to your friend Hey, I found this on Shanghai Daily and thought you might be interested in it. Send it! Congratulations! Your email has been sent! Thanks for sharing. Would you like to sign up for our daily newsletter? 7x per week Sign up! No thanks. ﻿
November 16, 2016 1206 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:171438 Publish Date: Wed, 02 Nov 2016 19:05:40 GMT Service: Iran Boeing's huge deal with Iran Air to be finalized within days Boeing and Iran are 'within days' of finalizing the details of Iran Air's massive order for 80 aircraft after it was approved by the US government last month. The details reportedly include moves by Boeing and its rival Airbus, which has its own big deal with Iran, to grant companies In Iran a concession to make aircraft parts inside Iran, bizjournals.com reported. Boeing secured approval from US authorities last month to start selling passenger jets to Iran for the first time since 1979, including four more modern 747s to replace older models like this 747-200. Iran's Deputy Transport Minister Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan offered those details. A report by the Azerbaijan-based Trend News Agency, which operates in Iran, Turkmenistan and Kazakhstan, quoted Fakhrieh-Kashan's boss, Iran's Roads and Urban Development Minister Abbas Akhoundi, as saying that both Boeing and Airbus were drafting 'concessions' so unspecified aircraft parts could be made inside Iran. Boeing Commercial Airplanes spokesman Paul R. Bergman said on Tuesday the jet maker remains in talks with Iran Air, and any final sale "would have to adhere to the license we’ve been issued". Boeing's blockbuster deal to sell up to 80 passenger jets to Iran includes 30 of its 777 jets and four 747-8 intercontinental aircraft. If it goes ahead, it will offer a much needed boost to Boeing's sluggish wide-body airplane sales — and the Puget Sound plants that manufacture them. Boeing's export license also allows the Chicago-based manufacturer to sell 40 737 Max airplanes and six 737NG jets, which are all made in Renton. Under its deal with Iran, Boeing also agreed to help lease 29 additional 737s. Iran Air deal totals $25 billion for Boeing at list prices, though larger orders of this magnitude typically enjoy discounts.     KeyWords Boeing Iran Air IranDaily   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Iran confiscates 2 tonnes of explosives from Daesh terrorists Iran, China must boost cooperation in fight on terrorism: Rouhani Syria holds pacesetter Iran in wetland Everton joins race for Iran’s Azmoun Iran defeated by Kazakhstan in Asian water polo championship Iran, absent from kabaddi World Cup final Iranian teams capture Asian youth, junior weightlifting titles French MP: Iran’s role in fight against terrorism crucial Iran: Killing of Muslims in Nigeria worrisome Rouhani: Iran, China must boost anti-terror fight Most Visited Obama vows to veto bill seeking to block Iran plane sales Trump not going to ‘hurt’ Clinton Trump looking at 'quick ways' to ditch Paris climate accord: Report www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/0644 sec
Coming Thursday: the 2016 Defense One Summit, Nov. 17 in DC Yes, Big Data Did Triumph on Election Day White House: $11.6B More Needed for ISIS Fight, Afghanistan Will Trump Keep Obama’s Top Mideast General? Global Business Brief: Trump looks good for defense business; New faces at the Pentagon Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing Defense One Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email → News Threats Politics Business Tech Ideas The NSA Chief Has A Phone For Top-Secret Messaging. Here’s How It Works By Patrick Tucker Read bio November 1, 2016 BOEING AA Font size + Print The Boeing "Black" phone Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article By Patrick Tucker Read bio November 1, 2016 The Boeing device is less a phone and more a locked-down portal to a faraway server. There’s no such thing as a perfectly secure phone, especially if it also connects to the internet. But leaving your phone on the plane every time you visit a hostile foreign country isn’t an option for everyone, and so a handful of top military commanders now have a device that can send and receive Secret and Top Secret messages. No surprise: it doesn’t work quite like the one in your pocket. Developed by Boeing and the Defense Information Systems Agency, the Boeing Black phone has a dual-SIM card that “enables users to switch between government and commercial networks. Boeing Black integrates seamlessly into customer mobile device management systems and virtual private networks,” according to the product data sheet. One of the recipients is Cyber Command chief Adm. Michael Rogers, said DISA head Lt. Gen. Alan Lynn. That’s not to say that everyone in the military can expect to receive one. “The Boeing Black is the device we’re currently working with,” Lynn said. “We’re just now in the test phase,” he said. Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. That the military has been working on such a device is no secret. A lot of device manufactures have been eager to meet rising military needs for secure communication. One contender, Silent Circle, co-founded by encryption guru Philip Zimmerman and former Navy Seal Mike Janke, has managed to push a few units into the hands of some military for testing and recreational use. Lynn said the Boeing Black phone also works with “a large amount of encryption.” But the encryption alone is not what makes the device so secure. “There’s nothing that lives on the devices,” said Lynn. “It’s close to a VDI,” a virtual desktop infrastructure. What that means is that the most secure phone in the world is, in the purest sense, just a window to another computer, a remote server on the military’s Top Secret JWICS network. That server does all the real work and holds the data. The phone itself just moves input commands — keyboard, mouse, and other signals — to that server. The result, said Lynn: “We’re not too worried about losing data,” at least not off the phone. But does Rogers like the phone? Lynn said, “I think he does. Haven’t heard any complaints.” Patrick Tucker is technology editor for Defense One. He’s also the author of The Naked Future: What Happens in a World That Anticipates Your Every Move? (Current, 2014). Previously, Tucker was deputy editor for The Futurist for nine years. Tucker has written about emerging technology in Slate, The ... Full bio Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article Most Read 1 How Special Operators Trained for Psychological Warfare Before the Mosul Fight 2 How Trump Will Affect the India-Pakistan Balance of Power 3 So Far, Trump’s Talk Has Only Hurt America’s Counterterrorism Effort Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. Don't Miss Trump’s Foreign Policy Could Change the Entire International System Now What? Trump’s Long List of National Security Unknowns Crises from Europe to the Asia-Pacific Await Donald Trump Trump vs. the Generals The Marines Are Building Robotic War Balls Washington is Quietly Reinforcing Europe’s Northern Flank Russian Subs Are Reheating a Cold War Chokepoint Weapons of the Syrian War: Timeline and Overview If You Do This, the NSA Will Spy on You Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s Show Comments Loading... Hide Comments By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Defenseone.com does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. « Previous The Long View on Rodrigo Duterte's Anti-Americanism Next » As China Shows Off J-20 Stealth Fighter, A Bit of Context Coming Thursday: the 2016 Defense One Summit, Nov. 17 in DC Yes, Big Data Did Triumph on Election Day White House: $11.6B More Needed for ISIS Fight, Afghanistan Will Trump Keep Obama’s Top Mideast General? Global Business Brief: Trump looks good for defense business; New faces at the Pentagon Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing « Previous The Long View on Rodrigo Duterte's Anti-Americanism Next » As China Shows Off J-20 Stealth Fighter, A Bit of Context Defense One About Contact Us Events Advertise Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Government Executive Nextgov Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from DefenseOne   Next Story  
News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. Follow The Sun Your Sun Sign in Editions Scottish Sun Irish Sun The Sun The Scottish Sun The Irish Sun Dream Team Sun Bets Fabulous Sun Favourite Sun Motors Sun Bingo Sun Gifts News Corp WSJ.com New York Post The Australian News.com.au Storyful Harper Collins Realtor.com Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub The Sun, A News UK Company TOP London Set your weather Now 0°C 9pm 0°C Sign in UK Edition Scottish Sun Irish Sun Search Home Football Sport TV & Showbiz Living News Videos Sun Bingo Sun Bets All News All News UK News World News Politics Tech and science Opinion Mysterious missing plane What happened to flight MH370? Here’s what we know so far The whereabouts of the Boeing 777 has remained a mystery since March 2014 By AMANDA DEVLIN 2nd November 2016, 2:54 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments DOOMED Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 became one of the world’s greatest aviation mysteries when it disappeared without a trace. New analysis of the plane’s last moments have suggested that it crashed at a high speed without a pilot in control. But investigators remain puzzled over the whereabouts of the missing aircraft, which was carrying 239 passengers and crew when it vanished in March 2014. Alamy 4 Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 went missing on March 8, 2014 with 239 passengers and crew on board (stock image) What happened on March 8, 2014? Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 was en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur carrying 239 people on board. They included Chinese calligraphers, a couple on their way home to their young sons after a long-delayed honeymoon and a construction worker who hadn’t been home in a year. The plane had recorded 7,525 take-offs and landings as well as 53,420 flight hours when it made its last journey. The MH370 Boeing was seen for the last time on military radar at 2.14am, close to the south of Phuket island in the Strait of Malacca. Before that, Malaysian authorities believe the last words heard from the plane, from either the pilot or co-pilot, was “Good night Malaysian three seven zero”. Half an hour later, the airline lost contact with the plane. It had been due to land at around 6.30am. The search and rescue: What happened next? Evidence from a military radar suggested the plane had suddenly changed course. Dozens of rescue planes and ships moved their search efforts to the sea west of Malaysia before the country’s Prime Minister Najib Razak claimed MH370 had been deliberately diverted by someone on board. He added that they believed it had continued flying for more than six hours after losing contact with air control. In the end, the search spanned to almost three million square mile – which is 1.5 per cent of the earth’s surface. A week after disappearing satellite images of possible debris appeared to suggest that the plane crashed in the Indian Ocean, south west of Australia. But the search for the black box in this area was abandoned after nothing was found. Aidan Ellis 4 In total 1.5 per cent of the earth’s surface has been searched for the missing plane When was debris from the plane discovered? On July 29, 2015 – more than a year after the plane’s disappearance – debris was found by volunteers cleaning a beach in St Andre, Reunion. A week later investigators confirmed the debris did belong to MH370, but it did not help to locate the plane as it had drifted in the water. On October 7, 2017  it was announced that two wing flaps found in Mauritius came from missing flight. Some shocked relatives found it difficult to believe that this was genuinely debris from the plane. They said they think their loved ones are still alive and are being held at “an undisclosed location for unknown reasons.” AFP 4 A map showing pieces of debris scattered from the Malaysia Airlines jet that went missing in 2014 What has MH370’s debris revealed? The wing flaps showed that the plane was not in a landing position when it plunged into the ocean, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau said. If the pilot was planning a controlled ditching of the plane, the wing flaps would have been configured for landing. As this was not the case, a report by the bureau concluded that the aircraft appeared to be “out of control” during its final journey. Chief search operator Peter Foley said: “You can never be 100%. We are very reluctant to express absolute certainty. “You can draw your own conclusions as to whether that means someone was in control.” If someone had been controlling the plane it could have glided much further than thought – meaning rescuers could have been searching the wrong area. More than 20 bits of debris suspected or confirmed to be from MH370 have washed ashore on coastlines throughout the Indian Ocean. However, a deep sea sonar search for the main underwater wreckage found nothing. Getty Images 4 This shows a trailing edge section of Boeing 777 left, outboard flap, originating from the Malaysian Airlines aircraft What are the theories about the fate of MH370? 1. RUSSIAN president Vladimir Putin was accused of being involved in the hijacking of MH370. by a US Science writer. Jeff Wise claimed Putin “spoofed” the plane’s navigation data so it could fly unnoticed into Baikonur Cosmodrome  so he could “hurt the West”. 2. FRENCH ex-airline director Marc Dugain accused the US military of shooting down the plane because they feared it had been hijacked. A book called Flight MH370 – The Mystery also suggested that it had been shot down accidentally by US-Thai joint jet fighters suring a military exercise and covered it up. 3. MALAYSIA police chief Tan Sri Khalid Abu Bakar suggested that the crash could have been suicide. He said that someone on-board could have taken out a large life insurance package before getting on the plane, so they could treat their family or pay back money they owed. Flight MH370 was not in a controlled descent when it plunged into the Indian Ocean Expert Christine Negroni discusses her theory of missing flight MH370 READ MORE Pilot of MH370 might not have been at the controls when plane plunged into ocean Captain’s ‘bathroom visit could have doomed Malaysia Airlines flight when cabin pressure failure hit’ Investigators have confirmed a part of a plane’s wing was from the missing Malaysian airlines flight MH370   Topics Aeroplanes Explainers MH370 Malaysia Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Comments Comments Most Read in News WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News VIGILANTE JUSTICE Shocking moment 'paedo' who raped and killed girl, 4, is dragged out of police cell and hanged News Exclusive 'He's a different person now' Boy, four, 'sexually assaulted in his school toilets by a gang of ten-year-old lads' News Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Pictured EU-ER, MISSUS! Outrage over nude photos of Ukraine's 24-year-old minister in charge of European integration News Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News DETENTION DEATH Asthma-suffering schoolboy, 14, collapses in detention and dies 'after asking for his inhaler' News Exclusive WATCH OUT ALAN SUGAR Entrepreneur aged just 14 nets £2million after selling land he bought from flogging tax discs News TEEN FOUND Missing schoolboy, 15, who left note saying he was 'bored of life' has been found safe and well News Video '18 YEARS DOWN THE F***ING DRAIN' Moment jilted husband using a DRONE breaks down as he 'catches wife cheating' News BULlied to death Schoolboy, 15, found hanged after bullies used fake Jimmy Savile Facebook page to make sick rape threats to… News HE'S JUST BIG BONED! North Korea warns Chinese officials to 'stop calling glorious leader Kim Jong-un fat' News THE STATE ESCAPE Renegade states plan to pull off their own Brexit and ditch the US for Canada after Trump election victory News Exclusive JAW-SOME ESCAPE Surfer nearly loses foot after having it ripped to shreds by 6ft shark at beach popular with Brit tourists News Exclusive DOCTOR'S STRIKE Shocking moment NHS medic 'attacks patient' he's treating in A&E in filming bust-up News Most Popular Video MOTHER FROM HELL Probe launched after mum filmed brutally punching and slapping baby ‘because tot wouldn't stop crying’ News WTF ghost in the back seat Girl captures image of ‘ghost child’ in back of her car in ‘warning to wear seat belt’ News Oh baby! Geordie Shore star Holly Hagan sends fans into a frenzy with shock pregnancy tweet TV & Showbiz Exclusive EXPLOSIVE EXIT Chloe Ferry axed from Geordie Shore after ‘kicking new girl in the HEAD’ over on-off lover Marty TV & Showbiz back on Nick Knowles moves back in with estranged wife Jessica Moor TV & Showbiz Revealed getting (it) on a bit This is how often you should have sex, according to how old you are Living VIGILANTE JUSTICE Shocking moment 'paedo' who raped and killed girl, 4, is dragged out of police cell and hanged News Exclusive 'He's a different person now' Boy, four, 'sexually assaulted in his school toilets by a gang of ten-year-old lads' News Pictured WHO'S THAT GIRL? Meet the three girls joining the Geordie Shore cast including a familiar face from Ex On The Beach TV & Showbiz NEV WIELDS AXE Gary Neville names his best Man Utd starting XI - and there are TWO shock omissions Football Exclusive stars and strips Revealed, all the steamy pictures of Donald Trump's wife Melania when she posed naked for saucy shoot -… News Pictured EU-ER, MISSUS! Outrage over nude photos of Ukraine's 24-year-old minister in charge of European integration News Video RANDY REVELLERS Shocking moment two clubbers were filmed having sex on sofa in Cardiff nightclub News IS YOUR M&S CLOSING? List of M&S stores thought to be under threat is revealed - so is YOUR local facing the axe? Living knight fright Shocking moment Beverley Knight collapses on stage at Children in Need show... but BBC edits it out TV & Showbiz Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more by following this link Close Follow The Sun Services Sign Up To The Sun Terms and Conditions Editorial Complaints Clarifications and Corrections Syndication Advertising Contact Us Help Hub ©News Group Newspapers Limited in England No. 679215 Registered office: 1 London Bridge Street, London, SE1 9GF. "The Sun", "Sun", "Sun Online" are registered trademarks or trade names of News Group Newspapers Limited. This service is provided on News Group Newspapers' Limited's Standard Terms and Conditions in accordance with our Privacy & Cookie Policy. To inquire about a licence to reproduce material, visit our Syndication site. View our online Press Pack. For other inquiries, Contact Us. To see all content on The Sun, please use the Site Map. The Sun website is regulated by the Independent Press Standards Organisation (IPSO) Our journalists strive for accuracy but on occasion we make mistakes. For further details of our complaints policy and to make a complaint please click here. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Tuesday 15 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Boeing, Intrepid Aviation mark delivery of Boeing 777-300ER to be operated by Philippine Airlines By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · November 2, 2016 Boeing (NYSE: BA) and Intrepid Aviation have celebrated the delivery of Intrepid´s first of four direct-ordered Boeing airplane, a 777-300ER, which will be leased and operated by Philippine Airlines, the companies said. Philippine Airlines said it plans to use the new airplane primarily on routes to North America. The carrier is scheduled to take a second 777-300ER from Intrepid before the end of the year. The 777 is a twin-engine, long-haul airplane. The 777-300ER is equipped with a GE90-115B commercial jet engine, and can seat up to 386 passengers in a three-class configuration with a maximum range of 7,825 nautical miles (14,490 kilometers). Intrepid Aviation is a privately held commercial aircraft lessor, which owns commercial aircraft leased to airline operators worldwide. Intrepid Aviation focuses primarily on twin-engine widebody equipment, such as the Boeing 777 and 787. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... « Cirrus single-engine jet achieves FAA certification Lynx FBO Network acquires Aurora Jet Center » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. We will assume you are happy with this, however you can accept/reject this here: Accept Reject Login with LinkedIn Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Search Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV More Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Search Section Navigation: Oslo Airport Overview News Blog Tourism Cargo Route Development / Marketing Trade Pricing and Incentives Catchment and Demographics Facilities Data and Statistics Airline Opportunities Photos Contacts Blog AirBridge Cargo makes Avinor Oslo Airport the Scandinavian hub for air cargo Fly directly to Las Vegas with Norwegian Cargolux launches cargo route at Avinor Oslo Airport Increased air traffic in September EAST OR WEST, HOME IS BEST IN CHENGDU View All Fly directly to Las Vegas with Norwegian Route Exchange Compare Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Oslo Airport We provide airport infrastructure and services to help airlines and communities create sustainable relationships. Avinor AS operates 46 airports in Norway – among these are our Arctic... Read more Country: Norway Telephone: 47 +47 64 81 20 00 Website: www.avinor.no/en/welcome-to-oslo Type: 15 Million + IATA: OSL ICAO: ENGM Profile Sections: Overview About Content Tourism Cargo Route Development / Marketing Trade Pricing and Incentives Catchment and Demographics Facilities Data and Statistics News Blog Opportunities Photographs Contacts Fly directly to Las Vegas with Norwegian Posted 2 November 2016 11:00 The Boeing 787-8 Dreamliner today maede its very first take-off torwards LAs Vegas (Photo: Avinor Oslo Airport) Nov 1st. - This afternoon, a fully loaded Dreamliner made its very first take-off towards Las Vegas from Avinor Oslo Airport. Norwegian is currently the only airline operating direct routes between Oslo and Las Vegas. The route constitutes Norwegian’s seventh direct flight to North America from Norway’s main airport. Starting tomorrow, the flight will leave every Tuesday for the entire winter season. The route will be serviced by a Boeing 787-8 with capacity for 291 passengers. “It is a happy day for all Norwegians who love to travel. Las Vegas is one of the world’s most famous cities, and we are very excited about Norwegian establishing this route. This route will increase access to a new city and region with new opportunities for further development and job creation”, says Jasper Spruit, Vice President of Traffic Development at Avinor. “The US is a favourite destination for Norwegians, and we see that direct flights are popular among tourists as well as business travellers,” he adds. Popular among Europeans as well as Americans The airline is also pleased to introduce yet another direct route between Norway’s main airport and the American continent. “We are happy to offer travellers from Norway another route to the US, this time from Oslo to Las Vegas. We can see that more and more customers choose Norwegian when travelling between these continents, which goes to show that Europeans and Americans alike appreciate reasonable fares, direct flights, good service and the new, more environmentally friendly Dreamliners,” says Thomas Ramdahl, Norwegian Chief Commercial Officer. When combined with Norwegian’s one-way tickets, the vast American route network provides even more opportunities for travellers who want more out of their trip to the US. One of many options is flying directly to Los Angeles or San Francisco before travelling on by car through Death Valley to Las Vegas. You can enjoy any kind of entertainment imaginable downtown, play golf on world-class courses, bike around the iconic Hoover Dam or ride a helicopter through the Grand Canyon – before flying straight home to Norway. If you want to go on a voyage of discovery in the US, you have an endless number of varied options to choose from. “We are excited that Norwegian are offering yet another direct route to and from Las Vegas. Passengers flying from Norway now have an outstanding opportunity to experience everything Las Vegas has to offer. The city saw a record-breaking number of visitors in 2015, and we look forward to welcoming even more Norwegian passengers,” says Rossi Ralenkotter, President/CEO of the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Authority. Norwegian launched their first long-distance route between Oslo and New York in 2013. Today, the airline services direct flights to Fort Lauderdale, Orlando, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Boston – and now also Las Vegas.  Avinor owns and operates Norway's main airport, Oslo Airport, which is an important communications hub in Norway with approximately 24 million travellers and more than 235,000 aircraft movements per year. Share Post Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comments Content Tourism Cargo Route Development / Marketing Trade Pricing and Incentives Catchment and Demographics Facilities Data and Statistics Status Update “has written AirBridge Cargo makes Avinor Oslo Airport the Scandinavian hub for air cargo” Contacts Iver Holter-Andersen Route Development Manager View Bio Martin Langaas Director Cargo - Traffic Development View Bio Gaute Riise Manager Route Development View Bio Silke Salbert Director Aviation Marketing View Bio Jasper Spruit Vice President Traffic Development View Bio Charlotte Malling Director Traffic Development View Bio Majid Khan Senior Director Traffic Development, Avinor View Bio View all Attending Events Routes Asia 2017 Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Careers Accessibility Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., 113-115 Portland Street, Manchester, M1 6DW, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2711 F. +44 (0)161 234 2727 Company Number: 00370721 © 2016 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
null
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Boeing, Airbus trade barbs as China competition heats up News TV Premier Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Boeing, Airbus trade barbs as China competition heats up Aerospace giants Boeing and Airbus took potshots at one another at the Zhuhai air show, as the US and European rivals seek to capture more of China's booming aircraft market. Posted 02 Nov 2016 16:28 China's airlines will need nearly 6,000 new planes worth $945 billion over the next two decades, Airbus says. (Photo: AFP/Fred Dufour) Enlarge Caption  Email More A A ZHUHAI: Aerospace giants Boeing and Airbus took potshots at one another at the Zhuhai air show, as the US and European rivals seek to capture more of China's booming aircraft market. China is one of the Western manufacturers' key battlegrounds, with its travellers taking to the skies in ever-growing numbers. The country's airlines will need nearly 6,000 new planes worth US$945 billion over the next two decades, Airbus said in its 2016-2035 Global Market Forecast. Boeing's expectations are even more optimistic, for 6,800 aircraft costing US$1 trillion. To win favour locally both have built partnerships with Chinese firms. Airbus has a completion and delivery centre in Tianjin, where workers install furnishings and apply paint to aircraft for the domestic market. It also buys parts such as exit doors, brake blades and wing sections from Chinese suppliers. Boeing is planning to open a facility with the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) to paint and install cabins for 737-model planes, the Chinese firm said. Eric Chen, president of Airbus China, dismissed the Seattle firm's plan as "close to one generation" behind his own firm, saying it was following Airbus's strategy "with a lot of reluctance". "I got two impressions," he said at a briefing at the China Airshow in Zhuhai, the industry's biggest event in the country. "First one, the decision we made 10 years ago was right. The second impression is that we are well in advance of our competitor." Darren Hulst, managing director for Northeast Asia marketing at Boeing, earlier told reporters that the Airbus A350 fell short of the 787 widebody plane in range, capacity, carbon emissions, window size and aerodynamics. "The 787 is capable and has technology and features built into it that are not available on the A350, which was obviously introduced later into the market," he said. He added the company had 14 China deliveries of 787-9s in 2016 and had secured orders and commitments for 46 more. FUTURE RIVALS While the two megafirms see a sunny future in China, homegrown competitors backed by Beijing aim to beat them at home - and ultimately abroad. Chinese authorities have urged companies to acquire technology and skills in a range of high-value sectors including aerospace in the "Made in China 2025" plan. At the same time as it is working with both Boeing and Airbus, COMAC is developing single-aisle jets to compete with them. Its C919 narrow-body is going up against the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 in the 160-seat segment, which the Chinese company predicts will have more than 17,000 deliveries over the next 20 years. In Zhuhai COMAC announced that state-owned China Eastern Airlines had committed to buy 20 C919s. In the summer COMAC's regional jet, the 90-seat ARJ21, flew its first commercial flight after years of delays. Boeing, Airbus and Canadian regional builder Bombardier all played down the threat of Chinese competition. But the business climate has darkened for US and European firms in the country, with the American Chamber of Commerce in China reporting this year that more than three-quarters of survey respondents felt "less welcome" there. Pessimism among European companies hit an all-time high in the summer, according to a European Chamber of Commerce in China report on the "increasingly hostile" business climate. Chinese-built planes are sure to secure market share in the country, Eric Lin, Hong Kong-based director of Asia transport research with UBS Securities, told AFP. In the short term, he added, foreign firms have little to fear from Chinese rivals in the developed countries that are their home market. "But after 10 years, it's hard to say," he noted. China has a history of adapting foreign technology with remarkable swiftness, turning from a buyer of Russian military aircraft to a producer of advanced stealth jets in 20 years. Its high speed rail and clean energy industries went from collaborators to competitors faster than global rivals anticipated. Like all foreign firms with valuable intellectual property operating in China, the aerospace giants understand the risks of training their future rivals, said Christopher Balding, professor of economics at Peking University's HSBC Business School. But they are stuck between a rock and a hard place, he added, because shareholders want them to fight for Chinese market share. "Even if they don't come to China, there's a good chance that if they are doing anything innovative it's going to get stolen anyway, so the only thing they are doing is harming their revenue." - AFP Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2016 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top

null
Wednesday 16 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story Etihad introduces Boeing 787 Dreamliner to Johannesburg ABU DHABI, 13 days ago Etihad Airways' Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner touched down in Johannesburg, South Africa yesterday afternoon after its inaugural flight from Abu Dhabi. Etihad Airways flight EY604 took off from Abu Dhabi at 10.15am and arrived on schedule at 4.45pm local time. The return flight EY603 departed Johannesburg at 7.50pm last night, touching down Abu Dhabi on schedule at 6.10am this morning, November 2. Operating daily on the route, the two-class B787-9 Dreamliner features Etihad Airways’ next-generation Business and Economy Class cabins. Peter Baumgartner, Etihad Airways chief executive officer, said the decision to upgrade to the Dreamliner aircraft on the Johannesburg route was to meet the needs of growing numbers of business and leisure passengers travelling to and from South Africa. “Today’s modern traveller is constantly searching for comfort, innovation and convenience, and we aim to provide the highest standard of hospitality and technological advancements to make any journey a memorable one.” John Friel, Etihad Airways General Manager South Africa, added: “The introduction of the Boeing 787 is a welcome development that will further enhance our guests’ experience on this route. “Our luxurious Dreamliners offer a best-in-class experience, and attention to every last detail.” All Etihad Airways’ B787-9 Dreamliner aircraft feature the airline’s highly acclaimed next-generation interiors with 28 Business Studios and 271 Economy Smart Seats. The Business Studios all offer direct aisle access, a fully flat bed of up to 80.5 inches long, and an increase of 20 per cent in personal space. Upholstered in the finest Poltrona Frau leather, the Business Studio is equipped with an in-seat massage and pneumatic cushion control system which enables guests to adjust the firmness and comfort of their seat. Each Business Studio has an 18-inch personal touch-screen TV with noise-cancelling headsets. The 271 Economy Smart Seats provide enhanced comfort with a unique ‘fixed wing’ headrest on each seat, adjustable lumbar support, a seat width of approximately 19 inches, and an 11.1” personal TV monitor. In addition to full mobile and wi-fi service with USB and power points at every seat, the Dreamliner fleet features the latest in entertainment innovation, providing more than 750 hours of on-demand entertainment, including seven live TV channels, improved gaming and high definition screens across all cabins. The airline’s renowned hospitality includes innovative services such as Flying Nannies trained by the world-famous Norland College in the UK, who provide assistance to families on board. Food and beverage managers handpicked from the world’s finest hotels and restaurants guide guests in Business Class through the extensive a la carte and ‘dine anytime’ options, and provide recommendations on the best food and wine pairing. Guests on the Dreamliner also enjoy the industry’s largest windows; air that is cleaner, more humid and at a lower cabin altitude for better comfort; large overhead stowage bins, soothing LED lighting; and technology to sense and counter turbulence for a smoother ride. Etihad Airways uniquely offers travellers from Africa the convenience of US Customs and Border Protection at Abu Dhabi International Airport. This facility, exclusive to Etihad Airways in the Gulf region, allows guests to complete immigration, customs and security clearance procedures for the US while in transit at Abu Dhabi – avoiding lengthy queues upon arrival at US airports. Johannesburg is the ninth city to be served by Etihad Airways’ B787-9 Dreamliner. The aircraft is also deployed to Brisbane, Düsseldorf, Perth, Riyadh, Shanghai, Singapore, Washington DC and Zurich. Etihad Airways’ order for two variants of the B787 (-9 and -10), is one of the world’s largest for the type, totalling 71 aircraft. - TradeArabia News Service Tags: Etihad | Boeing | Dreamliner | 787 | Johannesburg | Abu | Dhabi | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Agilysys opens new office to serve EMEA customers Al Faisaliah Hotel summit to feature Como Hotels chef Mövenpick Hotels Jordan wins two top awards Oman Air concludes a successful WTM London GCC airlines should change how they market and sell to customers - study Dine with a difference at Jumeirah Messilah Beach Hotel & Spa Emirates boosts fleet with new A380, B777 aircraft Turkish Airlines offers GCC passengers special fares to Europe Busy Rooms, Thomas Cook ink strategic agreement 158,714 hotels rooms 'under contract' in ME 90pc of US,UK theme park guests want pre-booking-survey RJ, AccesRail ink key agreement Indonesia first SE Asian nation to announce Dubai Expo participation Hack your way into a flight upgrade Abu Dhabi residents get a glimpse of Korean culture Passenger traffic at DWC surges 161pc in Q3 Aviator Lifestyle to participate at Big Boys Toys exhibition First Group breaks ground on 34-storey Dubai hotel tower Etihad receives top recognition Emirates passengers can get UAE visa via mobile app New sales head for Le Méridien Dubai Hotel & Conference Centre Qatar Airways fined by US for flying over 'prohibited airspace' VR, robots to become the future of theme parks Gulf Air adds Colombo to destination network Air Arabia Q3 net profit up 26pc Trump effect dampens ME tourism to the US Al Futtaim, InterCon ink deal for UAE's largest Holiday Inn Family-friendly staycation at Emirates Park Zoo and Resort Mövenpick Hotel West Bay Doha wins two top honours Emirates Skywards adds The Wall Street Journal to partner list Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Home Mail News PLUS7 Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Weather Answers Flickr Tumblr more Mobile Games Messenger Groups The West Australian Search News Search Web Sign In Sign In News Home Home Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West Prime7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us More from Yahoo7 Home Mail News TV Finance Sport Lifestyle Entertainment Travel Games Competitions Cars Jobs Real Estate Courses Dating Horoscopes Yahoo7 Apps Mail Weather Flickr Plus7 7News TV Guide Finance Yahoo7 Tools Advertising Privacy Legal Help Latest National Sydney Melbourne Brisbane Adelaide The West PRIME7 World Video Photos Weather More Sunday Night Our Team Contact Us Breaking News: Several elderly passengers injured in serious crash Boeing, Airbus trade barbs as China competition heats up AFP on November 2, 2016, 6:26 pm Boeing, Airbus trade barbs as China competition heats up Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Boeing, Airbus trade barbs as China competition heats up - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr Zhuhai (China) (AFP) - Aerospace giants Boeing and Airbus took potshots at one another at the Zhuhai air show, as the US and European rivals seek to capture more of China's booming aircraft market. China is one of the Western manufacturers' key battlegrounds, with its travellers taking to the skies in ever-growing numbers. The country's airlines will need nearly 6,000 new planes worth $945 billion over the next two decades, Airbus said in its 2016-2035 Global Market Forecast. Boeing's expectations are even more optimistic, for 6,800 aircraft costing $1 trillion. To win favour locally both have built partnerships with Chinese firms. Airbus has a completion and delivery centre in Tianjin, where workers install furnishings and apply paint to aircraft for the domestic market. It also buys parts such as exit doors, brake blades and wing sections from Chinese suppliers. Boeing is planning to open a facility with the state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) to paint and install cabins for 737-model planes, the Chinese firm said. Eric Chen, president of Airbus China, dismissed the Seattle firm's plan as "close to one generation" behind his own firm, saying it was following Airbus's strategy ?with a lot of reluctance?. "I got two impressions," he said at a briefing at the China Airshow in Zhuhai, the industry's biggest event in the country. "First one, the decision we made 10 years ago was right. The second impression is that we are well in advance of our competitor." Darren Hulst, managing director for Northeast Asia marketing at Boeing, earlier told reporters that the Airbus A350 fell short of the 787 widebody plane in range, capacity, carbon emissions, window size and aerodynamics. ?The 787 is capable and has technology and features built into it that are not available on the A350, which was obviously introduced later into the market,? he said. He added the company had 14 China deliveries of 787-9s in 2016 and had secured orders and commitments for 46 more. - Future rivals - While the two megafirms see a sunny future in China, homegrown competitors backed by Beijing aim to beat them at home -- and ultimately abroad. Chinese authorities have urged companies to acquire technology and skills in a range of high-value sectors including aerospace in the ?Made in China 2025? plan. At the same time as it is working with both Boeing and Airbus, COMAC is developing single-aisle jets to compete with them. Its C919 narrow-body is going up against the Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 in the 160-seat segment, which the Chinese company predicts will have more than 17,000 deliveries over the next 20 years. In Zhuhai COMAC announced that state-owned China Eastern Airlines had committed to buy 20 C919s. In the summer COMAC's regional jet, the 90-seat ARJ21, flew its first commercial flight after years of delays. Boeing, Airbus and Canadian regional builder Bombardier all played down the threat of Chinese competition. But the business climate has darkened for US and European firms in the country, with the American Chamber of Commerce in China reporting this year that more than three-quarters of survey respondents felt ?less welcome? there. Pessimism among European companies hit an all-time high in the summer, according to a European Chamber of Commerce in China report on the "increasingly hostile" business climate. Chinese-built planes are sure to secure market share in the country, Eric Lin, Hong Kong-based director of Asia transport research with UBS Securities, told AFP. In the short term, he added, foreign firms have little to fear from Chinese rivals in the developed countries that are their home market. "But after 10 years, it?s hard to say,? he noted. China has a history of adapting foreign technology with remarkable swiftness, turning from a buyer of Russian military aircraft to a producer of advanced stealth jets in 20 years. Its high speed rail and clean energy industries went from collaborators to competitors faster than global rivals anticipated. Like all foreign firms with valuable intellectual property operating in China, the aerospace giants understand the risks of training their future rivals, said Christopher Balding, professor of economics at Peking University's HSBC Business School. But they are stuck between a rock and a hard place, he added, because shareholders want them to fight for Chinese market share. ?Even if they don't come to China, there's a good chance that if they are doing anything innovative it's going to get stolen anyway, so the only thing they are doing is harming their revenue.? Share Tweet Whatsapp Email Share Boeing, Airbus trade barbs as China competition heats up - Yahoo7 Pinterest Tumblr <p>Sorry, we can't show this content as your browser does not support iframes.</p> Latest From 7News 'Tragic accident': Brisbane man runs over his wife and son in driveway Man dies after torching ex-partner's home as she hid in bathroom Neil De Graaf suffered burns to 95 per cent of his body after he rammed his burning car into his ex-girlfriend's house. 'Shooter may have known victim': Man shot dead at Oklahoma airport A Southwest Airlines employee was shot and killed at Oklahoma City’s Will Rogers World Airport. Body of backpacker found dead in Mozambique to be brought home Despite the family of Melbourne diver Elly Warren being informed of a suspected sexual assault, Mozambique police believe the tourist was not raped or killed. Cyclist killed after being hit by truck in Geelong Teen with suspected meningococcal fights for life The boy was flown to Adelaide from Mount Gambier on Tuesday in a critical condition. Show Me More Follow Us MOST VIEWED VIDEOS Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway 'Spider-Man' firefighter beats colleague up nine-storey building WATCH: Huge school of hammerhead sharks surround divers Cows marooned on tower of land created by earthquake Make it rain! Man rushes to grab cash spewing from ATM Great escape as Kimi causes chaos at Brazilian GP Supermoon of the century Oklahoma Police Capt: 'Shooter may have known victim' Why Hillary Clinton could still become president OUR PICKS Supporters of terror suspect lash out at media outside court Salim Mehajer returns to Australia after Ibiza arrest '18-years down the drain': Husband uses drone to catch out cheating wife Couple stranded on mountain ledge after trying to look at supermoon MOST VIEWED Motorcycling fan accuses Valentino Rossi of assault Impatient driver rams tourist wagon Out-of-control motorhome causes chaos on UK motorway 'Spider-Man' firefighter beats colleague up nine-storey building Advertise with us Safety Company info Terms Help Jobs 7Corporate Privacy back to top
Follow بالعربيه Log In Search this site: Country Specific News Algeria Bahrain Egypt Iran Iraq Jordan KSA Kuwait Lebanon Libya Morocco Oman Palestine Qatar Sudan Syria Tunisia UAE Yemen HOME NEWS BUSINESS ENTERTAINMENT SPORTS WEATHER EDITOR'S CHOICE THE LOOP Home » Business » Education And Employment » Etihad Airways Introduces Its Boeing 787 Dreamliner To Johannesburg ALSO IN BUSINESS 1 - 5 OF 15 Outlook for Oman's banks raised to stable: Moody's Abu Dhabi's Image Nation partners with Culture China for $300M film fund The bling ring: UAE accounts for third largest diamond exports worldwide Turkish proposal looks to attract investors with promise of citizenship Egypt's pound continues to strengthen against the dollar Saudi Arabia to ramp up imports of Australian agricultural products Oil giant BP plans $13B investment in Egypt by 2020 UAE extends maternity leave for government employees Millennials look to UAE for career advancement in region: WEF Absconding expat workers risk fines, lifetime bans from Saudi Arabia Egypt seeks $800M European aid to help ease pressure on the poor IHG plans UAE's largest Holiday Inn at Dubai Festival City Yemen's Central Bank sub-governor sacked for corruption, misconduct Alabbar's billion-dollar, Saudi-backed Noon.com seeks to dominate regional e-commerce market Jordan to increase sheep, poultry products to Gulf markets Etihad Airways introduces its Boeing 787 Dreamliner to Johannesburg Etihad Airways introduces its Boeing 787 Dreamliner to Johannesburg 2.5 5 Published November 2nd, 2016 - 06:50 GMT Press Release Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit Etihad Airways' B787-9 lands in Johannesburg A state-of-the-art Etihad Airways Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner touched down in Johannesburg yesterday afternoon after its inaugural flight from Abu Dhabi. Etihad Airways flight EY604 took off from Abu Dhabi at 10.15am and arrived on schedule at 4.45pm local time. The return flight EY603 departed Johannesburg at 7.50pm last night, touching down Abu Dhabi on schedule at 6.10am this morning, 2 November. Operating daily on the route, the two-class B787-9 Dreamliner features Etihad Airways’ next-generation Business and Economy Class cabins. Peter Baumgartner, Etihad Airways Chief Executive Officer, said the decision to upgrade to the Dreamliner aircraft on the Johannesburg route was to meet the needs of growing numbers of business and leisure passengers travelling to and from South Africa. “Today’s modern traveller is constantly searching for comfort, innovation and convenience, and we aim to provide the highest standard of hospitality and technological advancements to make any journey a memorable one.” John Friel, Etihad Airways General Manager South Africa, added: “The introduction of the Boeing 787 is a welcome development that will further enhance our guests’ experience on this route. “Our luxurious Dreamliners offer a best-in-class experience, and attention to every last detail.” All Etihad Airways’ B787-9 Dreamliner aircraft feature the airline’s highly acclaimed next-generation interiors with 28 Business Studios and 271 Economy Smart Seats. The Business Studios all offer direct aisle access, a fully flat bed of up to 80.5 inches long, and an increase of 20 per cent in personal space. Upholstered in the finest Poltrona Frau leather, the Business Studio is equipped with an in-seat massage and pneumatic cushion control system which enables guests to adjust the firmness and comfort of their seat. Each Business Studio has an 18-inch personal touch-screen TV with noise-cancelling headsets. The 271 Economy Smart Seats provide enhanced comfort with a unique ‘fixed wing’ headrest on each seat, adjustable lumbar support, a seat width of approximately 19 inches, and an 11.1” personal TV monitor. In addition to full mobile and Wi-Fi service with USB and power points at every seat, the Dreamliner fleet features the latest in entertainment innovation, providing more than 750 hours of on-demand entertainment, including seven live TV channels, improved gaming and high definition screens across all cabins. The airline’s renowned hospitality includes innovative services such as Flying Nannies trained by the world-famous Norland College in the UK, who provide assistance to families on board. Food and Beverage Managers handpicked from the world’s finest hotels and restaurants guide guests in Business Class through the extensive a la carte and ‘dine anytime’ options, and provide recommendations on the best food and wine pairing. Guests on the Dreamliner also enjoy the industry’s largest windows; air that is cleaner, more humid and at a lower cabin altitude for better comfort; large overhead stowage bins, soothing LED lighting; and technology to sense and counter turbulence for a smoother ride. Etihad Airways uniquely offers travellers from Africa the convenience of US Customs and Border Protection at Abu Dhabi International Airport. This facility, exclusive to Etihad Airways in the Gulf region, allows guests to complete immigration, customs and security clearance procedures for the USA while in transit at Abu Dhabi – avoiding lengthy queues upon arrival at US airports. Johannesburg is the ninth city to be served by Etihad Airways’ B787-9 Dreamliner. The aircraft is also deployed to Brisbane, Düsseldorf, Perth, Riyadh, Shanghai, Singapore, Washington DC and Zurich. Etihad Airways’ order for two variants of the B787 (-9 and -10), is one of the world’s largest for the type, totalling 71 aircraft. Flight schedule for Abu Dhabi – Johannesburg: Flight No. Origin Departs Destination Arrives Frequency EY604 Abu Dhabi 10:15am Johannesburg 4:45pm Daily EY603 Johannesburg 7:50pm Abu Dhabi 6:10am (+1) Daily Notes: All departures and arrivals are listed in local time. Join Albawaba Business Follow Albawaba Business Advertisement Rate Article: 2.5 Select ratingPoorOkayGoodGreatAwesome   Tweet comment (0) Share: Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Pinterest Delicious Stumbleupon Digg Reddit EDITOR’S CHOICE 1 - 4 OF 12 Parents have baby ‘living on the edge’ of a cliff for a souvenir photo in Saudi Going out in flames: Iranian man sets his Filipina girlfriend on fire in restaurant in Japan Trumped by love: Saudi man’s love poem to Ivanka Trump goes viral Finally, a definitive answer on the Middle East’s most generous people: Iraqis Oh, the irony: Turkey warns citizens against travel to US amid anti-Trump protests Muslim woman in Italy fined $32,500 for refusing to remove niqab at public meeting Hate crime? Saudi student assaulted in Wisconsin, dies from injuries Sure to disappoint football fans, Qatar will ban alcohol during 2022 world cup A bit of good news: First Somali-American woman elected to US Congress ‘It was a vote against me’: Trump win strikes fear into American Muslim community Life is a rollercoaster for ‘the Afghan girl’: After Pakistan deported her, Sharbat Gula met Afghan president A life of struggle: National Geographic’s iconic ‘Afghan girl’ deported from Pakistan Top Headlines Walk This Way... where Aerosmith will bid farewell to Israel next May President of IOC Praises Qatar's Commitment to Sports Sports Struck 'Withered Green' first Arab movie to screen at Singapore International Film ‎Festival Egypt's Kenzy El-Defrawy wins 2016 Amman Squash Open RECENT ARTICLES Outlook for Oman's banks raised to stable: Moody's Abu Dhabi's Image Nation partners with Culture China for $300M film fund Advance your HR career in MENA with the help of online tools The bling ring: UAE accounts for third largest diamond exports worldwide Turkish proposal looks to attract investors with promise of citizenship FEATURED STORIES US universities to lose over $5M as Saudi students stay away after mistreatment Tunisian Confederation of Industry, Trade, and Handicrafts fights nationwide unemployment levels Here are the top 20 most in demand MENA employers, according to LinkedIn Thomson Reuters annual cost of compliance survey shows regulatory fatigue, resource challenges and personal liability to increase throughout 2015 Dulsco conducted recycling awareness campaign with students of Al Khansaa RELATED ARTICLES Excitement builds as more Etihad Airways flights on sale for Airbus A380 and Boeing 787 Dreamliner Etihad Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner touches down in Riyadh Etihad Airways announces deployment of boeing 787 dreamliner on Abu Dhabi – Riyadh route Etihad Airways welcomes first Boeing 787-9 flight into Washington, D.C. from Abu Dhabi Boeing 787 dreamliner touches down in UAE capital MOST POPULAR Zaha Hadid Architects to design Saudi heritage center in Diriyah It all adds up: Small ways to boost your finances Total signs agreement to develop Iran's massive natural gas complex Amazon.com founder Jeff Bezos praises Jordan's investment climate on visit to Amman SMEs in MENA make up 90 percent of registered companies Add a new comment Reply to - X Write your comment... Post as anonymous Background information Etihad Airways Etih More... Etihad Airways is the National Airline of the United Arab Emirates. The airline was set up by a Royal Decree in July 2003, with Abu Dhabi, the capital of the UAE, as its hub. Etihad started commercial operations in November 2003. Less... Contact Information: Etihad Airways PO Box 35566, Head Office, Khalifa City A, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates http://www.etihad.ae PR agency Four Communications Four Communications was set up in 2001. Based in the United Kingdom and the Gulf, it offers full-service communications to regional clients from offices in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Four Communications was set up in 2001. Based in the United Kingdom and the Gulf, it offers full-service communications to regional clients from offices in Dubai and Abu Dhabi. Contact Information: Four Communications Group PO Box 41837 1st Floor, Room 101, Lime Building, TwoFour54, Al Salam Street Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates Tel:  +971 (0) 2 447 2774 Fax:  +971 (0) 2 447 2074 info@fourcommunications.com http://www.fourcommunications. com PR contact Divya Nagpal Divya.Nagpal@fourcommunications.com Related Videos 2022 Qatar FIFA World Cup WILL THE 2022 QATAR WORLD CUP BE PLAYED IN SUMMER? Living in Dubai: International Schools From Around The Web Most Popular Most Discussed Contact the Editor Zaha Hadid Architects to design Saudi heritage center in Diriyah It all adds up: Small ways to boost your finances Total signs agreement to develop Iran's massive natural gas complex Celebrity couple Amy Samir Ghanem and Hassan Raddad tie the knot in Egypt Russia announces first-ever strike on Aleppo from aircraft carrier   More Stories » User login Log In Log in to Al Bawaba in order to manage your various website activities Login with Facebook Login with LinkedIn Login with Google Login with Live   © 2000 - 2016 Al Bawaba (www.albawaba.com) About Us Advertising Content Contact Us PR Services RSS Terms of Use
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   ACEX Press Release Receive press releases from ACEX: By Email RSS Feeds: Boeing Engines Flew on Their Own for Maintenance CARGO EXPRESS, ACEX member in Moscow, delivered oversized cargo consisting of two Boeing engines from Moscow to Amsterdam by road. Moscow, Russia, November 02, 2016 --(PR.com)-- The Boeing engines, belonging to one of the Russian airlines, demanded an urgent maintenance service. "The transportation had to be executed within the shortest period of time and with the smallest financial expenses. The main things for the airline were time, and of course, reasonable price. That is why the engines flew for maintenance, in the truest sense of the world, on their own. At first the Boeing plane came from Irkutsk to Moscow, where the engines were replaced for further dispatch to the USA,” comments Yuri Lytkin, the expert of multimodal department. The delivery consisted of several stages: engines delivery from Irkutsk to Moscow by air without replacement, road delivery from Moscow to Amsterdam after replacement, airfreight delivery from Amsterdam to the USA for maintenance. “Our specialists had to deliver the cargo from Moscow to Amsterdam,” says Yuri Lytkin. “We offered to the client an optimal price provided by our partners from Belarus which managed to deliver the oversized cargo with the dimensions: 5,40m*2,63m*2,90m. Usually such kind of cargo is processed within 3 weeks, however we managed to decrease this period up to 10 days. As time was the main criterion for the client, besides the cost of delivery, it was necessary to take into account all details and deliver the cargo just to a designated date, otherwise the client could have been fined for the flight delay or cancellation.” In order to speed up the delivery the whole operational department was engaged in the cargo processing. The customs specialists prepared transit declarations, the head of the customs department assisted in the transit procedures at the Sheremetyevo airport, the specialists of multimodal department organized the delivery of oversized cargo to Europe. CARGO EXPRESS did its best to return such a necessary plane back into operations as quickly as possible. Details at http://acex.net/en/press_center/2603/ ACEX Group Press Center E-mail: pr@acex.net Website: http://www.acex.net Contact Information ACEX Elena Baranova +749 566 600 95 Contact acexgroup.net Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from ACEX Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Breaking News Home+ U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentStyleTravelSportsVideoLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Tech Gadgets Cyber Security Innovation Nation Fashion Design Architecture Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram <div class="banner" id="cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0_banner"><span id="cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" class="_fwph"><form id="_fw_form_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" style="display:none"><input type="hidden" name="_fw_input_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" id="_fw_input_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" value="ptgt=s&envp=g_js&w=300&h=250&slau=300x250_sync&adUnit=300x250_sync"></form><span id="_fw_container_cnn_300x250_sync_freewheel-rail_0" class="cn-shingle__ad"></span></span></div> 3 ways to prevent planes from vanishing again By Jim Hall and Peter Goelz Updated 11:54 AM ET, Tue May 13, 2014 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. The aerial search for missing Malaysia Air Flight 370 has largely been abandoned as the underwater search continues. Story highlights Jim Hall and Peter Goelz: Why losing a Boeing 777, or any other jet, must never happen again They ask why we can track millions of users through their cell phones but not a jumbo jet The technology to better track aircraft exists and must be deployed now, they argue Nearly two months have passed while the world has looked on in disbelief as the search for Malaysia Air Flight 370 continues. We all hope the initial mystery of this tragedy -- where the aircraft rests -- is soon solved so that the ultimate mystery of what led that aircraft and its passengers to their fate can be determined. As we wait, what everyone in aviation needs to agree on right now is that this must never be allowed to happen again. Millions of us can be located immediately through technology in our handheld cell phones, but a 300,000-pound Boeing 777 with 239 souls on board disappears from the face of the Earth. NASA has the capability of photographing stars billions of light-years away, and yet our best minds are forced to guess where this plane might be. The airline industry has invested billions of dollars in technology that has made flight as incredibly safe as it is today. Yet many allow their aircraft to fall off any direct tracking capability as they fly over vast ocean distances and remote locations, confident that these planes will occasionally check in and reappear as they near the other side of the blacked-out area. But what if, as with MH370, they don't? Jim Hall, left, and Peter Goelz It isn't like we weren't warned. Just five years ago, an Air France Airbus took off from Rio de Janeiro for a routine 5,700-mile trip to Paris. But the plane never arrived. Although the airline had received telemetric data that something was going terribly wrong and indicating in general where the plane had crashed, only the recovery of some large floating pieces of wreckage helped narrow the search area. Even after the search area was relatively quickly identified, the all-important flight recorders weren't recovered for another two years. Despite a series of well-founded recommendations by the BEA (the French counterpart to the National Transportation Safety Board), no meaningful reforms have been implemented. The International Civil Aviation Organization, the United Nations body that governs international aviation, has done nothing to order the tracking of transoceanic flights in real time and, in those very rare events when something goes wrong, to mandate equipment to ensure a successful search and rescue operation. This needs to end now. While there will undoubtedly be months and years of debate about next-generation capabilities, there are existing technologies and concrete actions that we can -- and must -- take right now to make sure this tragic spectacle is never repeated: 1. All ETOPS aircraft (certified for extended overwater flight) need to be connected to a "handshake" monitoring service offered by Boeing, Airbus or the major engine manufacturers or to some other commercial service like the Automated Flight Information Reporting System that tracks the aircraft at all times. The "handshake" services can be limited in duration to reduce cost and to not overtax satellite capabilities. 2. Flight recorder "pingers" need to be upgraded to give off two distinct tones, one of which could be heard at a far greater distance than the other but would not need to sound as often in order to preserve power. Further, the batteries themselves should be immediately upgraded to last 90 days. 3. All ETOPS aircraft must be equipped with deployable black boxes, which would separate from the aircraft on impact. Not only does the device float, it transmits a signal that is picked up by the world's search and rescue satellites, providing the location of the black boxes for quick retrieval, the location of the aircraft at impact, its tail number and its country of origin. Had MH370 been equipped with a deployable flight recorder, the initial search could have been limited to within 3 miles of the impact, increasing in accuracy with every emergency locator transmission, rather than requiring the world's resources to search an area as large as the United States. The most difficult search in history If these viable steps had been in place, the location of MH370 would have been identified many weeks ago, and secure, tangible black box data would be in hand to help us understand what happened during that ill-fated flight. Instead, we are only slightly better equipped to locate this airliner than when we were searching for Amelia Earhart 85 years ago. JUST WATCHED Has 'ping' evidence led search astray? Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Has 'ping' evidence led search astray? 05:16 JUST WATCHED Satellite data scrutinized in jet search Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Satellite data scrutinized in jet search 03:11 JUST WATCHED Doubts raised over possible pings Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Doubts raised over possible pings 02:27 Unbelievably, the prospect of finding the plane seems more remote now than ever; a few weeks ago, Australia actually expanded the area it intends to search to the size of the state of Indiana, virtually guaranteeing that this will be the most costly search in history. And analysts have recently speculated that the basis for determining the search area may be completely without foundation. The embarrassment of this state of affairs for the industry and regulators is eclipsed only by the grief of the families of the 239 people who put their trust in an appallingly antiquated system governed by a hidebound international bureaucracy. The United States, one of the founding members of the International Civil Aviation Organization, needs to take a stronger hand in getting these common sense safety improvements adopted immediately. If the organization continues to dither, then the Department of Transportation and the Federal Aviation Administration must act unilaterally. Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion. Join us on Facebook.com/CNNOpinion. Powered by Livefyre Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Tech Gadgets Cyber Security Innovation Nation Fashion Design Architecture Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2016 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices Advertise with us About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
null
E-Paper Recent Posts Financing set to bring Tri-Rail trains into MiamiCentral Station Filming in Miami: November 10, 2016 Charter review is timely – without commission censorship Luis de la Aguilera: President targets new markets for U.S. Century Bank Classified Ads Recent Comments Chelsa Arscott (Realtor) on County’s first adaptive traffic signals tested Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 Categories Arts & Culture Business & Finance Classifieds Communities Crossword Education Filming Filming in Miami FYI Miami Government Healthcare Latest News Opinion Past Events Profile Real Estate Top Stories Transportation Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Advertisement The Newspaper for the Future of Miami Connect with us: Get the E-Edition Click here to register Join our Email List Click here to signup Subscribe Products Classifieds Advertise About Jobs Contact Front Page News Arts & Culture Business & Finance Communities Education Filming Filming in Miami FYI Miami Government Healthcare Profile Real Estate Transportation Opinion Calendar Archives Front Page » Transportation » With new planes, El Al Airlines is eyeing Miami With new planes, El Al Airlines is eyeing Miami Advertisement Written by Camila Cepero on November 1, 2016 Following an investment in a top-of-the-line jet airliner and bump in passenger numbers, Israel’s El Al Airlines is eyeing Miami as a possible new service point. “Discussions with El Al Airlines are ongoing and there has been growth in the Israel-Miami market,” said Suzy Trutie, Miami-Dade Aviation Department spokeswoman. The latest available data show that during year ending September 2015, just over 95,000 passengers traveled between the two points via connections – a 4.5% increase from the same period a year before. El Al Airlines could not be reached for comment. El Al Israel Airlines Ltd., trading as El Al, is the flag carrier of Israel. Its hub is Ben Gurion International Airport, Israel’s main international airport and the busiest airport in the country, 12 miles southeast of Tel Aviv. According to Miami International Airport, many foreign carriers are in the process of fleet revitalization and fleet expansion, as both Boeing and Airbus are making available new, efficient, long-range aircraft such as the Boeing 777 and 787 and Airbus A330 and A350. The Boeing 777 is a family of the world’s largest twinjets and has a typical capacity of 314 to 451 passengers, with a range of 5,235 to 9,500 nautical miles. The Airbus A330 and A350 models are positioned to compete with Boeing’s in terms of passenger capacity, fuselage, features and engines. “It is a very typical process for air carriers to look ‘down the road’ for expansion opportunities once new aircraft come into the fleet to replace older planes, and to consider what new service points fit into the range of these new planes,” Ms. Trutie said. “This of course is viable if market conditions warrant launching a new route. El Al has ordered the Boeing 787 and is examining its options for possible new service points.” The Boeing 787 is a long-haul, twin-engine jet airliner that can seat 242 to 335 passengers and is the company’s most fuel-efficient airliner. As of 2015, an airliner from the 787 family can cost anywhere from $224.6 million to $306.1 million. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment Notify me of followup comments via e-mail. You can also subscribe without commenting. Share This Post Tweet Advertisement Related Articles Taiwan key to Asia flights to Miami Taiwan airlines in talks for direct Miami flights As MIA-Russia flights decline, Aeroflot to add flight Airline demand trumps glitzy airport mall MIA adding gates for A380s Miami International welcomes 44-millionth passenger On runway: $3.1 billion air terminal remake FYI Miami: December 4, 2014 Miami International Airport has seen its international… Florida sales take off at Singapore Air Show Most Popular Brickell City Centre opens in two weeks “Signature bridge” on I-395 design due soon Miami moves to more incentives for affordable housing Battle of the Fairgrounds already ugly enough; stop it now State seeks ways to build Miami River freight capacity All Aboard Florida could be in court in six weeks Grudging OK for convention center and hotel beside Miami Worldcenter Financing set to bring Tri-Rail trains into MiamiCentral Station Talks to unclog Brickell Avenue bridge traffic stall Miami sees continued population growth downtown, countering trend Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Arts & Culture Business & Finance Communities Education Filming Filming in Miami FYI Miami Government Healthcare Profile Real Estate Transportation Front Page News Arts & Culture Business & Finance Communities Education Filming Filming in Miami FYI Miami Government Healthcare Profile Real Estate Transportation Opinion Calendar Archives © 2015 Miami Today. All Rights Reserved. E-Paper | Terms and Conditions | Site Map | Privacy Policy |
null
null
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Business •  Markets Money Real Estate Legal Corporate News One News Page > Business > Is Qatar Airways warning Airbus or bluffing with Boeing 737 Max announcement? Is Qatar Airways warning Airbus or bluffing with Boeing 737 Max announcement? Friday, 7 October 2016 Qatar Airways is sending a warning to Airbus Group with its announcement that it may buy 60 of rival Boeing's 737-8 Max aircraft, analysts suggested Friday. The state-owned airline unveiled a letter of intent for Boeing's fuel-efficient 737 model Friday along with its $11.7 billion order for 40 wide-body Dreamliner and 777 jets. The 737-8 Max order is worth $6.9 billion to Boeing (NYSE: BA) at list prices, but aerospace industry analysts disagreed about how seriously to take the airline's threat. Saj… » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Bloomberg Global Business - on October 9, 2016< > Embed Boeing Lands $18.6B Qatar Deal 01:48 Oct. 9 -- Boeing has landed an $18.6B deal with Qatar Airways for as many as 100 aircraft. Tracy Alloway reports on "Bloomberg Markets: Middle East." You Might Like Other recent news in Business DONALD TRUMP's election has the Philippine president singing a different tune Wellington in shutdown after deadly EARTHQUAKE, but businesses 'resilient' Christopher Niesche: Oz snaps losing streak after US ELECTION Zuckerberg promises FACEBOOK action over fake news Tsunami hits NEW ZEALAND after earthquake 'DOCTOR STRANGE' continues its dominance at the box office Shoppers in North stay at home amid BREXIT concerns TOYOTA to pay up to $3.4 billion to settle US truck lawsuit Asian shares mostly lower, NIKKEI gets boost from weak yen Athenahealth's Jonathan Bush says business moves forward, OBAMACARE or not Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Barack Obama Lewis Hamilton Leon Russell Bill Clinton Current Topics Supermoon 60 Minutes Mike Evans Walmart Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories Would Bernie Sanders Have Beaten Trump? Genesis Reborn: Sega's Iconic Console Returns To Production Will Michelle Obama Run For President In 2020? Time To Get Animated: WhatsApp Now Supports GIFs Michael Moore's Five-Step 'Election Morning-After' Checklist Goes Viral MOVIE REVIEW: Trolls It's Official: The Simpsons Has More Episodes Than Any Other Scripted Show In History Donald Trumps Clinton: The 45th US President Emerges Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Coming Thursday: the 2016 Defense One Summit, Nov. 17 in DC Yes, Big Data Did Triumph on Election Day White House: $11.6B More Needed for ISIS Fight, Afghanistan Will Trump Keep Obama’s Top Mideast General? Global Business Brief: Trump looks good for defense business; New faces at the Pentagon Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing Defense One Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email → News Threats Politics Business Tech Ideas The NSA Chief Has A Phone For Top-Secret Messaging. Here’s How It Works By Patrick Tucker Read bio November 1, 2016 BOEING AA Font size + Print The Boeing "Black" phone Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article By Patrick Tucker Read bio November 1, 2016 The Boeing device is less a phone and more a locked-down portal to a faraway server. There’s no such thing as a perfectly secure phone, especially if it also connects to the internet. But leaving your phone on the plane every time you visit a hostile foreign country isn’t an option for everyone, and so a handful of top military commanders now have a device that can send and receive Secret and Top Secret messages. No surprise: it doesn’t work quite like the one in your pocket. Developed by Boeing and the Defense Information Systems Agency, the Boeing Black phone has a dual-SIM card that “enables users to switch between government and commercial networks. Boeing Black integrates seamlessly into customer mobile device management systems and virtual private networks,” according to the product data sheet. One of the recipients is Cyber Command chief Adm. Michael Rogers, said DISA head Lt. Gen. Alan Lynn. That’s not to say that everyone in the military can expect to receive one. “The Boeing Black is the device we’re currently working with,” Lynn said. “We’re just now in the test phase,” he said. Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. That the military has been working on such a device is no secret. A lot of device manufactures have been eager to meet rising military needs for secure communication. One contender, Silent Circle, co-founded by encryption guru Philip Zimmerman and former Navy Seal Mike Janke, has managed to push a few units into the hands of some military for testing and recreational use. Lynn said the Boeing Black phone also works with “a large amount of encryption.” But the encryption alone is not what makes the device so secure. “There’s nothing that lives on the devices,” said Lynn. “It’s close to a VDI,” a virtual desktop infrastructure. What that means is that the most secure phone in the world is, in the purest sense, just a window to another computer, a remote server on the military’s Top Secret JWICS network. That server does all the real work and holds the data. The phone itself just moves input commands — keyboard, mouse, and other signals — to that server. The result, said Lynn: “We’re not too worried about losing data,” at least not off the phone. But does Rogers like the phone? Lynn said, “I think he does. Haven’t heard any complaints.” Patrick Tucker is technology editor for Defense One. He’s also the author of The Naked Future: What Happens in a World That Anticipates Your Every Move? (Current, 2014). Previously, Tucker was deputy editor for The Futurist for nine years. Tucker has written about emerging technology in Slate, The ... Full bio Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article Most Read 1 How Special Operators Trained for Psychological Warfare Before the Mosul Fight 2 How Trump Will Affect the India-Pakistan Balance of Power 3 So Far, Trump’s Talk Has Only Hurt America’s Counterterrorism Effort Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. Don't Miss Trump’s Foreign Policy Could Change the Entire International System Now What? Trump’s Long List of National Security Unknowns Crises from Europe to the Asia-Pacific Await Donald Trump Trump vs. the Generals The Marines Are Building Robotic War Balls Washington is Quietly Reinforcing Europe’s Northern Flank Russian Subs Are Reheating a Cold War Chokepoint Weapons of the Syrian War: Timeline and Overview If You Do This, the NSA Will Spy on You Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s Show Comments Loading... Hide Comments By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Defenseone.com does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. « Previous The Long View on Rodrigo Duterte's Anti-Americanism Next » As China Shows Off J-20 Stealth Fighter, A Bit of Context Coming Thursday: the 2016 Defense One Summit, Nov. 17 in DC Yes, Big Data Did Triumph on Election Day White House: $11.6B More Needed for ISIS Fight, Afghanistan Will Trump Keep Obama’s Top Mideast General? Global Business Brief: Trump looks good for defense business; New faces at the Pentagon Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing « Previous The Long View on Rodrigo Duterte's Anti-Americanism Next » As China Shows Off J-20 Stealth Fighter, A Bit of Context Defense One About Contact Us Events Advertise Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Government Executive Nextgov Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from DefenseOne   Next Story  
null
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Stock Picks Learn More News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 5 Things Boeing Co. Management Wants You to Know Boeing thinks it can deliver steady cash flow growth for investors, even if one of its biggest cash-cow products continues to struggle. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Nov 1, 2016 at 8:20AM Boeing (NYSE:BA) continues to be a battleground stock, as investors debate whether the aircraft market is peaking -- and whether the company's profit goals are realistic. On balance, Mr. Market seemed satisfied with Boeing's Q3 results, sending the stock up nearly 5% following the earnings report. Boeing executives' confident tone during the Q3 earnings call probably helped in that respect. Here are five key points that they emphasized related to the company's outlook for the next few years. Robust demand for the 737 We remain on track to raise the 737 production rate from the current 42 per month to 47 in the third quarter of 2017, followed by 52 per month in 2018 and then 57 per month in 2019. And importantly, even at the 57 per month rate, we continue to be oversold. -- Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenberg The workhorse 737 jet remains Boeing's most important sales and profit driver right now. The explosion of low-cost airlines across the world has created huge demand for relatively affordable narrowbody jets. As a result, Boeing has accumulated a backlog of more than 4,300 orders for 737 jets. The Boeing 737 has a backlog stretching beyond 2020. Image source: Boeing. Nevertheless, a number of pundits have questioned whether Boeing can support a production rate increase to 57 per month by 2019, from 42 per month today. Muilenberg noted that the Boeing 737 is oversold to the end of the decade even at a rate of 57 per month. That provides a cushion in case poor market conditions force some airlines to defer or cancel orders. A 777 rate decision is coming soon If [another 777 production cut] were to occur, implementation would begin in late 2017 or early 2018. On the other end of the spectrum, should we see success on ongoing campaigns, we may not need to adjust our existing production plans at all. -- Muilenberg Demand for the 777 widebody family is much shakier. Boeing fell short of its order goal in 2015, and it is less than halfway to meeting its 2016 order target with just two months left in the year. Still, Boeing reeled in 11 net orders for the 777 last month, compared to just six net firm orders in the first nine months of 2016. Boeing is already in the midst of cutting 777 production from 8.3 per month to seven. By 2018, actual deliveries are scheduled to fall to 5.5 per month, as Boeing starts to build 777X test aircraft. And if order activity remains slow, the company may need to cut output by another one or two units per month. That said, Boeing has a few more ongoing 777 sales campaigns. Depending on its success, it may be able to avoid further production cuts. In any case, it will have to make a decision on future 777 production rates in the next few months. Dreamliner profitability is turning the corner On the 787 program, the deferred production balance declined by $151 million in the quarter. This decrease was driven by delivery mix, internal productivity efforts and suppliers step-down pricing. -- Boeing CFO Greg Smith Arguably the best piece of news in Boeing's earnings report was that the 787 deferred production balance has started to decline. In other words, after years of incurring huge cash losses from selling Dreamliners below the cost of production, Boeing is starting to turn a profit on each 787 it turns out due to a combination of favorable mix, higher prices, and lower production costs. Dreamliner profitability is on a steady upward trajectory. Image source: Boeing. Right now, the cash profit margin on each 787 Boeing builds remains modest. However, the trends of improving mix, better pricing, and lower production costs (particularly driven by contractual price reductions from suppliers) will continue. This should allow Boeing to recoup its $27.5 billion in accumulated losses over the next six or seven years. Expect rising cash flow in any scenario ... [E]ven if we have to moderate our widebody production plans in the future, we continue to expect commercial aircraft deliveries to grow beyond 900 airplanes per year through the end of this decade, supporting our expectation that we will continue to grow cash flow year-over-year throughout this time period. -- Muilenberg Clearly, Boeing's 737 and 787 aircraft families are on pace to churn out more and more cash in the coming years. On the other hand, the 777 -- one of Boeing's most reliable cash cows in recent years -- is facing a rough stretch. Investors have struggled to estimate the net impact of these trends. However, Boeing's management gave very clear guidance last week. Even in a worst-case scenario for the 777, where orders slow to a trickle for the next few years, Boeing expects its cash flow to continue rising steadily between now and the end of the decade. Services growth will boost margins ... [A]s we continue to invest in growing our services business, generally services will be accretive to our margins... -- Muilenberg Boeing has set a goal of expanding its pre-tax margin from high-single-digit territory in recent years to mid-teen levels by the end of the decade. Analysts are understandably skeptical of this extremely aggressive margin target. A lot of things need to go right for Boeing to improve its profit margin that much. However, Muilenberg noted that Boeing's increased focus on selling services will support profitability. Aftermarket services contracts generally carry higher margins than airplane sales. This strategy shift is still in the early innings, but Boeing is already gaining traction, signing some big services contracts at the 2016 Farnborough Airshow. As Boeing expands its services portfolio, it could continue gaining momentum in this lucrative ancillary business. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. Try any of our Foolish newsletter services free for 30 days. We Fools may not all hold the same opinions, but we all believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Nov 1, 2016 at 8:20AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $148.11 down $-1.88 (-1.25%) Read More Navy Greenlights 2 War Drone Prototypes for Its Aircraft Carrier Fleet 5 Highlights From Boeing Co.'s Q2 Earnings Call Europe Green-Lights a Space Monopoly to Combat ULA and SpaceX Can Airbus Surpass Boeing Co.'s Aircraft Production? When Will Boeing Raise the 787 Dreamliner Accounting Block? (And Why It Matters) Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2016 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current New stock picks released in...         Get The Picks x
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Boeing, COMAC Expand Collaboration on Environmental Efficiency and Sustainable Growth Boeing-COMAC Sustainable Aviation Technology Center to pursue mutually beneficial research in materials recycling, air travel for aging populations, workplace safety News provided by Boeing Nov 01, 2016, 08:28 ET Share this article ZHUHAI, China, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] and Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) today signed a new agreement to expand their joint research collaboration in support of the long-term sustainable growth of commercial aviation. The two companies, which signed an initial collaboration agreement in March 2012, have been researching ways to improve aviation's fuel efficiency and greenhouse-gas emissions reduction, including sustainable aviation biofuel and air traffic management (ATM) efficiency. Through this new agreement, signed at the Zhuhai Airshow, the companies will explore six areas of mutually beneficial research through the renamed Boeing-COMAC Sustainable Aviation Technology Center. They will also continue to exchange commercial aviation market forecasts. "As we approach the 45th year of collaboration between Boeing and China's aviation industry, Boeing and COMAC are expanding our efforts to ensure commercial aviation's long-term sustainable growth, improve its efficiency and reduce environmental impact," said Ian Chang, vice president, Supplier Management China Operations & Business Development, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "Our mutually beneficial research with COMAC supports Boeing's global effort to enable growth and partner to address challenges for our industry." "The two companies have enhanced mutual trust and understanding during five years of working together," said Wu Guanghui, Vice President of COMAC. "The agreement signed today extends and will bring our cooperation to a new level, enabling the two companies to leverage their own advantages for win-win results that can benefit not only China, but also the rest of world." Research areas for the Sustainable Aviation Technology Center will include: Technologies supporting sustainable aviation fuel development and assessing the benefit to aviation of using these technologies; ATM technologies and applications; Environmentally sustainable manufacturing, including enhanced recycling of materials; Technologies to enhance the airplane cabin environment related to environmental stewardship and air travel by aging populations; New industry or international standards in aviation energy conservation and emissions reduction; Improvements in workplace safety during cabin and ground operations. As they have since 2012, Boeing and COMAC will jointly select and fund research by China-based universities and research institutions. Their initial agreement created the Boeing-COMAC Aviation Energy Conservation and Emissions Reductions (AECER) Technology Center. Since then, the Boeing-COMAC AECER Center conducted 17 research projects, leading to an aviation biofuel demonstration facility that turns waste "gutter oil" into jet fuel and three ATM software prototype systems. The Center has attracted participation of 12 domestic and international research partners. In addition, Boeing and COMAC plan to open a joint venture facility in Zhoushan, China, that will install interiors and paint 737s before Boeing delivers these airplanes to Chinese customers.   China is one of the world's fastest-growing aviation markets. The Civil Aviation Administration of China has forecast that passenger traffic in China will reach 485 million this year and will reach 1.5 billion passengers in 2030. Boeing has estimated that Chinese airlines will need to purchase more than 6,800 new airplanes through 2035 to meet fast-growing demand for domestic and international air travel. Contact: Yukui Wang Boeing China Communications +86 10 59055505 (Beijing) Yukui.wang@boeing.com Jessica Kowal Communications Boeing Commercial Airplanes + 1 206-660-6849 (Seattle) jessica.m.kowal@boeing.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-comac-expand-collaboration-on-environmental-efficiency-and-sustainable-growth-300354841.html SOURCE Boeing Nov 01, 2016, 10:01 ET Preview: Boeing, Donghai Airlines Finalize Order for Five 787-9 Dreamliners Oct 31, 2016, 16:17 ET Preview: Boeing Board Approves Quarterly Dividend My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 01, 2016, 10:01 ETBoeing, Donghai Airlines Finalize Order for Five 787-9 Dreamliners Oct 31, 2016, 16:17 ETBoeing Board Approves Quarterly Dividend Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Alternative Energies Aerospace & Defense Environmental Products & Services You just read: Boeing, COMAC Expand Collaboration on Environmental Efficiency and Sustainable Growth News provided by Boeing Nov 01, 2016, 08:28 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Boeing, COMAC Expand Collaboration on Environmental Efficiency and Sustainable Growth By Published: Nov 1, 2016 8:28 a.m. ET Share Boeing-COMAC Sustainable Aviation Technology Center to pursue mutually beneficial research in materials recycling, air travel for aging populations, workplace safety ZHUHAI, China, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE:BA] and Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) today signed a new agreement to expand their joint research collaboration in support of the long-term sustainable growth of commercial aviation. The two companies, which signed an initial collaboration agreement in March 2012, have been researching ways to improve aviation's fuel efficiency and greenhouse-gas emissions reduction, including sustainable aviation biofuel and air traffic management (ATM) efficiency. Through this new agreement, signed at the Zhuhai Airshow, the companies will explore six areas of mutually beneficial research through the renamed Boeing-COMAC Sustainable Aviation Technology Center. They will also continue to exchange commercial aviation market forecasts. "As we approach the 45 [th] year of collaboration between Boeing and China's aviation industry, Boeing and COMAC are expanding our efforts to ensure commercial aviation's long-term sustainable growth, improve its efficiency and reduce environmental impact," said Ian Chang, vice president, Supplier Management China Operations & Business Development, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "Our mutually beneficial research with COMAC supports Boeing's global effort to enable growth and partner to address challenges for our industry." "The two companies have enhanced mutual trust and understanding during five years of working together," said Wu Guanghui, Vice President of COMAC. "The agreement signed today extends and will bring our cooperation to a new level, enabling the two companies to leverage their own advantages for win-win results that can benefit not only China, but also the rest of world." Research areas for the Sustainable Aviation Technology Center will include: Technologies supporting sustainable aviation fuel development and assessing the benefit to aviation of using these technologies; ATM technologies and applications; Environmentally sustainable manufacturing, including enhanced recycling of materials; Technologies to enhance the airplane cabin environment related to environmental stewardship and air travel by aging populations; New industry or international standards in aviation energy conservation and emissions reduction; Improvements in workplace safety during cabin and ground operations. As they have since 2012, Boeing and COMAC will jointly select and fund research by China-based universities and research institutions. Their initial agreement created the Boeing-COMAC Aviation Energy Conservation and Emissions Reductions (AECER) Technology Center. Since then, the Boeing-COMAC AECER Center conducted 17 research projects, leading to an aviation biofuel demonstration facility that turns waste "gutter oil" into jet fuel and three ATM software prototype systems. The Center has attracted participation of 12 domestic and international research partners. In addition, Boeing and COMAC plan to open a joint venture facility in Zhoushan, China, that will install interiors and paint 737s before Boeing delivers these airplanes to Chinese customers.   China is one of the world's fastest-growing aviation markets. The Civil Aviation Administration of China has forecast that passenger traffic in China will reach 485 million this year and will reach 1.5 billion passengers in 2030. Boeing has estimated that Chinese airlines will need to purchase more than 6,800 new airplanes through 2035 to meet fast-growing demand for domestic and international air travel. Contact: Yukui Wang Boeing China Communications +86 10 59055505 (Beijing) Yukui.wang@boeing.com Jessica Kowal Communications Boeing Commercial Airplanes + 1 206-660-6849 (Seattle) jessica.m.kowal@boeing.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-comac-expand-collaboration-on-environmental-efficiency-and-sustainable-growth-300354841.html SOURCE Boeing Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews

null
Home Entertainment BellaNaija Ladun Liadi Linda Ikeji Nigerian Newspapers Daily Times Guardian Newspaper National Mirror Punch Newspaper The Nation Newspaper Nigerian Pilot Newspaper Vanguard Newspaper Nigeria News PM News Premium Times TV Stations Channels TV Lagos Television TVC News TV Continental Videos Music Videos Notjustok Tooxclusive News Videos YOHAIG Think YOruba HAusa IGbo Arik Air To Buy Boeing Planes To Double Its Fleet Posted November 1, 2016 11:38 am by admin Comments Nigeria’s largest airline Arik Air plans to nearly double its fleet to 52 planes within 10 years and has already ordered some of them from Boeing, a source at the company said on Monday. Most of the carrier’s existing fleet are Boeing planes and the source, who did not wish to be identified, said the airline would buy most of the new planes from the U.S. planemaker. The source did not say how many had already been ordered or the value of the purchases. Privately owned Arik Air needs more planes as it aims to add international routes and increase services, including daily flights to New York, to offset a slowdown at home and bring in more hard currency. It is also seeking new investors to help it grow and has said it wants to raise up to $ 1 billion through a private share placement next year and a possible initial public offering (IPO). Founded a decade ago and now west Africa’s biggest carrier by passenger numbers, Arik Air has appointed advisers for the share placement and potential IPO in Lagos, with a secondary listing in London. "We hope to maintain our market leadership and our growth strategy involving substantially increasing our fleet to 52 aircrafts by 2025," Managing Director Chris Ndulue said on Monday at a briefing in Lagos to mark the carrier’s 10 years of operations. "We plan to … put our footprint in Europe, Asia and Latin America and the Middle East, and this requires additional aircraft," he said. Arik Air’s home market has been hit by falling demand as a currency crisis in Africa’s top economy deepens, due in part to the oil price slump. United and Iberia both stopped services to Nigeria this year and Emirates and Kenya Airways have announced plans to suspend flights to Nigeria’s capital Abuja by next month. Ndulue said Arik Air would also look at various funding options from international banks despite dollar shortages and the economic recession at home, which had affected businesses. The carrier currently has a fleet of 28 aircraft, mostly Boeings but also three Airbus planes and nine Bombardier aircraft. New routes and services would help the airline generate foreign currency. Source: http://www.ajayiwrites.com/2016/11/arik-air-to-buy-boeing-planes-to-double.html Nairaland What do you think? Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Related posts: Arik Air Resumes Limited Operations Nigeria’s flag carrier, Arik Air, says it will resume limited operations on Sunday, May 3. The Associate Vice President, Marketing... Two Arik Planes Mildly Collide at MMIA | Investigation Launched Two Arik Air planes on Tuesday “brushed” each other while maneuvering out of the apron at the General Aviation Terminal... Arik grounds two aircraft after ground collision Two Boeing 737-800NG aircraft, belonging to Arik Air, were grounded by the carrier on Tuesday afternoon after they were involved... Arik’s planes collide at Lagos airport, grounded Arik’s planes collide at Lagos airport, grounded The post Arik’s planes collide at Lagos airport, grounded appeared first on Vanguard... Air Peace Grows Fleet, to Resume Port -Harcourt Operations   As part of plans to expand its flight operations new entrant in the domestic scene: Air Peace has acquired... Arik Air resumes flight services to Monrovia Arik Air, Nigeria is resuming flight services to Monrovia, Liberia from October 5, 2015   Flights to Monrovia were suspended... Arik, Air France top NCAA chart on passenger complaints reports Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, NCAA, has released summary reports of complaints received against international and domestic airlines for the months... Nine months after, Arik Air suspends Dubai route Exactly nine months into commencement of direct flight operations from Lagos via Abuja to Dubai, Arik Air yesterday announced suspension... Africa Will Need 22,000 Pilots In 20 Years – Boeing Aircraft manufacturing giant, Boeing, has predicted that Africa will need about 22,000 new pilots and 24,000 new technicians by 2035.... Arik loses $9m to aviation fuel scarcity The scarcity of aviation fuel has taken a huge toll on airline operations with Arik Air declaring on Friday that... < YOHAIG home CategoriesSelect CategoryEntertainment   BellaNaija   Ladun Liadi   Linda Ikeji   Stella Dimoko KorkusLatest News   PoliticsMobile Phones   Tecno PhonesNigeria Forum   NairalandNigeria News   PM News   Premium Times   Sahara ReportersNigerian Diaspora   JobsNigerian Newspapers   Daily Independent   Daily Post   Daily Times   Guardian Newspaper   National Mirror   Nigerian Pilot Newspaper   Punch Newspaper   Sun Newspaper   The Nation Newspaper   Vanguard NewspaperSports Betting   1960bet   Bet9ja   Surebet247TV Stations   Channels TV   Lagos Television   Ogun State Television   TV Continental   TVC NewsVideos   Music Videos      Notjustok      Tooxclusive   News Videos Search for: Sports Betting 1960bet.com Bet9ja.com Merrybet.com Surebet247.com Nairabet.com Contact Us | Copyright | Disclaimer | Privacy | T&C Office Address: YOHAIG (YOruba HAusa IGbo) 7 Morenike Carrena Close, Off Old Otta Road, Orile Agege, Lagos State, Nigeria.
      Latest News Latest Magazine Issue Education Finance Health Infrastructure Management Elections Politics Public Safety Urban Photos Video Events Institute Papers Data About More MAGAZINE SUBSCRIBE NEWSLETTERS EVENTS WEBINARS INSTITUTE WOMEN IN GOVERNMENT CITY ACCELERATOR PAPERS DEGREES JOBS ABOUT ADVERTISE MORE EDITORIAL Masthead DIGITAL MEDIA Newsletters Videos Photos Feedly Pulse PROGRAMS Public Officials of the Year OUR NETWORK Government Technology Emergency Management Public CIO FutureStructure Center for Digital Government Center for Digital Education RESOURCES Books Public Sector Jobs Public Sector Degrees INDUSTRY Market Insights Navigator Media Kits COMPANY About Us Contact Us Press Privacy Jobs FINANCE | HEALTH | INFRASTRUCTURE | MANAGEMENT | ELECTIONS | POLITICS | PUBLIC SAFETY | URBAN | EDUCATION | COMMENTARY | DATA | PHOTOS | VIDEO Finance A Sneak Peek of the Seismic Shift in Corporate Tax Breaks New rules are forcing states and localities to calculate how much revenue they’re losing to business deals -- and whether they pay off. It’s something Washington state has been doing for a decade. by Liz Farmer | November 2016 (Shutterstock)         Earlier this year, Washington state lawmakers got a wake-up call. A tax incentive package they’d approved in 2013 for aerospace giant Boeing -- largely regarded as the most expensive incentive deal in history -- was actually on pace to surpass its estimated $8.7 billion cost. According to a Department of Revenue report, the deal, which extends to 2040, had already amounted to half a billion dollars in giveaways in just the first two years alone. In other words, the state was losing out on a whole lot more money than it had planned. And the kicker? Just months earlier, Boeing had announced plans to cut roughly 4,000 jobs in Washington. The year before, the company had transferred thousands more jobs out of the state. Some lawmakers were livid, openly contemplating whether the state should consider revoking the tax breaks if the company didn’t add back some jobs. (Boeing, for its part, says it has continued to invest in the state, including $1 billion last year for a plant to build its new 777x aircraft.) But on the whole, response from officials and local media was measured. Most lawmakers said that in the bigger picture, the company was still good for Washington. While “deeply disappointed” in the job losses, state Sen. Reuven Carlyle, who has long pushed for greater transparency in the state’s incentive deals, says he still stands behind the Boeing agreement. “The overall return on investment for taxpayers, including ensuring the future of aviation in our state,” he says, “is overwhelmingly strong by any standard or definition or criteria.” RELATED 3 Things New Disclosure Rules Won't Reveal About Tax Incentives The Complicated Business of Evaluating Tax Incentives Politicians Focus Business Incentives on Catching the Big Fish The fact that Washington lawmakers can even have this conversation puts them at an advantage over most other states’ legislators. In the vast majority of states, officials simply do not know how well their tax incentives programs are working, or how much the deals are actually costing them. They don’t have the data. Washington does, thanks to a tax preference auditing program, already one of the most robust in the nation, that was made even more transparent with the passage of a 2013 law. For the first time, lawmakers and citizens know just how much individual companies receive in tax benefits -- in other words, how much the state gives up in foregone tax revenue from them. Some other states have begun to take a harder look at the incentives they give out. Delaware has initiated a biennial tax preference evaluation. Louisiana takes a yearly look at key incentive programs. Most states, however, just haven’t reported that kind of information with any sort of regularity. But that’s about to change. New nationwide accounting rules now require state and local governments to report all economic development incentives programs -- like Boeing’s -- as foregone tax revenue. Beginning with fiscal 2017’s annual financial reports, the Governmental Accounting Standards Board (GASB) is requiring governments to report things like the total number and value of tax abatements that year, the criteria that businesses must meet, and how the government will get that money back if the goals aren’t achieved (commonly referred to as clawback provisions). Reporting the annual value of these abatements will clearly show their effect on governments’ bottom lines. In terms of transparency, the impact of this accounting shift will be seismic. One reason Washington’s discussion about tax breaks is so intense is because it has an incredibly high number of them compared to other states: nearly 700 separate incentives programs, up from just over 500 a decade ago. But every state has plenty of its own programs. One prominent estimate, calculated by The New York Times in 2012, figured that state and local governments give up more than $80 billion annually in corporate tax breaks. While that estimate includes some measurements that the new accounting rules won’t cover, the new regulations will still highlight billions of dollars that governments forego every year. Washington offers a sneak peek at the debate other states and localities could soon be having. State tax deals are public information, but they tend to trickle out in one-off reports and news headlines; most states don’t collect or report on them annually in any kind of comprehensive way. And few places really review clawback provisions once a deal is in place. Now, lawmakers and citizens everywhere may find themselves engaged in the kinds of conversations that have taken place in Washington state for the past decade, an ongoing attempt to assess whether tax incentives are really worth what states think they are. Washington Gov. Jay Inslee signed a nearly $9 billion tax incentives package for Boeing in 2013. New data suggest the deal may have cost the state even more than that. (AP) States have offered incentives to companies for decades, either to entice them to move there or convince them to stay. The tax breaks have long been public information, but the practice has gotten more scrutiny in recent years because of the growing number of eye-popping deals. Since 2008, the average number per year of deals valued at more than $75 million has doubled, compared to the previous decade, according to Good Jobs First, which follows corporate tax subsidies. Meanwhile, their aggregate annual cost has roughly doubled as well, averaging around $5 billion. In addition to the Boeing deal, the list includes Nevada’s $1.25 billion tax break that wooed Tesla Motors in 2014 and an income tax break Oregon awarded to Nike in 2012 worth approximately $2 billion over 30 years. Critics debate whether these deals are good policy -- or whether they even really work. Some say they’re simply a Band-Aid approach to compensate for a government tax structure that isn’t business-friendly. Others say that the incentives don’t actually result in any net economic gain because corporations simply move around like pieces on a chess board. One example of that futility is in metropolitan Kansas City, which straddles Kansas and Missouri. The two states have long competed against each other to woo businesses across the state line -- AMC Theatres, Applebee’s and JP Morgan Retirement are just a few businesses that have crossed the border in recent years. But whether or not incentives are smart policy, it’s been difficult for most states to even say whether they achieved what they were supposed to, thanks to a lack of transparency and accountability on the deals. Greg LeRoy, Good Jobs First’s executive director, says he often holds up Washington state as a good example of accountability, particularly for its history of annual reports on its tax incentive programs. Regular performance auditing came to Washington state in 2005 via a citizens’ ballot initiative directed at the state auditor's office. A year later, legislators decided to require similar audits of Washington’s tax preferences program and tasked the legislative audit office with the job. The legislative audit office typically evaluates about 25 tax incentive programs each year, looking at the stated purpose of the program and determining whether or not it’s meeting that goal. The office then presents its recommendation to a seven-member citizen commission, which hears public testimony on the audit. Both the audit office and the citizen commission present their findings to the legislature. This process has led to real changes in Olympia over the past decade. On 12 occasions, either the audit office or the citizen commission has recommended that legislators get rid of a certain tax break; on nine of those occasions, the lawmakers agreed. They also terminated two other programs and allowed an additional eight to expire based on audit findings. One of those was a high-tech research and development tax credit for capital investment and operating expenditures. The audit team, working with outside economists, analyzed how many new jobs could actually be attributed to the credits. “The basic finding,” says legislative auditor Keenan Konopaski, “is this preference does create some jobs, but the job effect is not very big. It provided a solid piece of information, and I think that was enough to start a debate on, ‘Is it worth the price tag?’” The audits were making a difference, but they also unearthed a consistent problem: It’s hard to track the progress of a program when lawmakers don’t outline what the intended effect is supposed to be. More than a third of the tax incentive audits simply recommended that lawmakers go back and clarify what it was a given program was supposed to achieve. “In many cases we were pretty lazy in past years, rubber-stamping a company’s request” for a tax break, says Sen. Carlyle, who was the author of the state’s tax break transparency law. “We didn’t have vigor.” For the audit process to have real teeth, it was clear to Carlyle that the state needed more transparency and specificity regarding its expectations of what companies where supposed to deliver in exchange for their tax breaks. He pushed through his 2013 bill, which requires lawmakers to outline what the expectations are for any future tax incentive program. It also meant, for the first time, that incentive data would be linked to specific companies, which led to the new disclosures about Boeing from the state Department of Revenue. “Transparency categorically changes the conversation to, ‘What’s the value and return on investment?’” Carlyle says. “In other words: Does the damn thing work?” That’s a question most states can’t answer right now. In most places, once the ink is dry on tax deals, they’re rarely tracked with any consistency. Back in 2000, Good Jobs First released a report that looked at 122 audits of state economic development programs in 44 states. It found that auditors were having trouble doing their jobs because “they are hampered by lack of data and objectives.” Things have improved somewhat since then, says LeRoy, but it’s been a painstakingly slow process. Massachusetts, for example, has been particularly slow at revealing any information about the hundreds of millions of dollars it foregoes each year. For the last half-decade, Massachusetts State Auditor Suzanne Bump has tried -- so far unsuccessfully -- to get the authority to see business tax returns so she can audit the effectiveness of incentives programs. Now that governments will be required to report on their tax breaks with greater transparency, they could start to look more like Washington -- to a point. The new rule, known as GASB 77, doesn’t require governments to analyze their tax programs, as Washington does. And states won’t have to report tax giveaways on an individual company basis, as Washington has begun doing. And the rule doesn’t necessarily mean that the lost tax revenue will have any bearing on budget discussions. Even Washington doesn’t use the information in budgeting very often, except during times of shortfalls or funding crises. But GASB 77 does require states to tally up all their incentives as lost revenue. And it does call for reporting clawbacks: Officials must outline what their expectations are when a tax break is offered, and if those expectations aren’t met, the tax incentive may be revoked. Governments without a history of tax break transparency will likely have sticker shock when the full impact of their foregone tax revenue is released. States like Washington, says LeRoy, are better positioned. “States where they have already had the big debates will perhaps be out the gate sooner,” he says. “They are certainly more prepared to take advantage when the data comes online.” The full impact of these incentives will hit most governments beginning later next year when fiscal 2017 reports are released. But it will likely take a few years for the data to sink in, as it did in Washington. It’s important to remember that the evolution in Olympia was a 10-year process: tax program audits that led to greater transparency, which led to more specific clawback provisions and expectations with company-specific reporting. That will likely be the pace for other states going forward, even those that want to move quickly on tax transparency. And none of this necessarily means states will come to see tax incentives as a bad idea. Indeed, as the conversation in Washington has matured over the past decade, many people have taken a more measured view of tax breaks. Rather than eyeing them suspiciously as giveaways, the release of regular information has allowed lawmakers -- and to some extent the public -- to see them as an investment. That, says GASB chair David A. Vaudt, is the whole point of requiring incentives reporting: to provide a truer, fuller picture of a government’s financial health. Officials will be able to see tax breaks as not just one-offs, but as investments that impact their bottom line. It’s also up to each government to decide what to do with the new information. But eventually, lawmakers everywhere could be asking the same questions those in Olympia are now: Was our investment worth the price? *CORRECTION: The original version of this story suggested that Washington's tax incentives audits program was a result of the 2005 ballot initiative on performance auditing. In fact, those were separate efforts. This story has been updated. Liz Farmer  |  lfarmer@governing.com  |  @LizFarmerTweets       0 comments Join the Discussion After you comment, click Post. You can enter an anonymous Display Name or connect to a social profile. FEATURED RESOURCES Sponsored Content The Digital Transformation of Public Administration The Anatomy of an Oil Boom and Bust An OPEB Exit Strategy: How to Eliminate Your Retiree Health Care Liabilities and Costs Learn How One Agency Finished its Budget a Month Early The Path to Collaborative Budgeting LATEST FINANCE HEADLINES Christie Amasses More Downgrades Than Any Other U.S. Governor 7 hours ago Cook County, Home of Chicago, Becomes Largest Locale With a Soda Tax 1 day ago A Sneak Peek of the Seismic Shift in Corporate Tax Breaks 1 day ago What a Trump Presidency Could Mean for State and Local Finances and More 4 days ago This Government Bond Insures Against Failure 5 days ago New Jersey Assumes Control of Atlantic City's Government 5 days ago MORE NEWS More from Finance LOAD MORE ARTICLES FEATURED RESOURCES Sponsored Content The Digital Transformation of Public Administration The Anatomy of an Oil Boom and Bust An OPEB Exit Strategy: How to Eliminate Your Retiree Health Care Liabilities and Costs Learn How One Agency Finished its Budget a Month Early The Path to Collaborative Budgeting HIGHLIGHTS Sponsored Content Connecting Anoka County: Five Steps to Improve Management Reporting Four Tips for Aligning Capital Planning Across the Organization Risk-Based Analysis of Financial Reserves Six Hidden Benefits of Financial Transparency Three Things Governments Must Teach Their Next Leaders LATEST FINANCE HEADLINES Christie Amasses More Downgrades Than Any Other U.S. Governor 7 hours ago Cook County, Home of Chicago, Becomes Largest Locale With a Soda Tax 1 day ago A Sneak Peek of the Seismic Shift in Corporate Tax Breaks 1 day ago What a Trump Presidency Could Mean for State and Local Finances and More 4 days ago This Government Bond Insures Against Failure 5 days ago New Jersey Assumes Control of Atlantic City's Government 5 days ago MORE NEWS Finance writer Liz Farmer's roundup of money (and other) news governments can use. © 2016 All rights reserved. e.Republic | Privacy & Terms | Contact Us | Facebook | Twitter | Industry Insider | Labs | Advertise You May Also Like 3 Things New Disclosure Rules Won't Reveal About Tax Incentives
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China proudly debuts its new stealth jet it built 'by hacking into US computers and stealing plans' Two of the stealth planes carried out a flyby demonstration at an air show Analysts said the brief and cautious J-20 routine answered few questions Previous reports claimed the design was similar to US fighter planes   Earlier this year Chinese national, Su Bin, 51, was sent to prison for his part in stealing US military plans, include plans for the F-35 and F-22 fighter jets But experts say it is too early to tell if the J-20 matches the capabilities of American fighter planes By Ryan O'Hare for MailOnline and Reuters Published: 06:57 EST, 1 November 2016 | Updated: 12:05 EST, 1 November 2016 e-mail 10k shares 312 View comments China's controversial stealth jet has made its first flyby, giving the public and media a glimpse of the aircraft believed to be a copy of America's F-22 and built using hacked US military blueprints. Taking to the skies at the airshow in the southern city of Zhuhai, in Guangdong province, the J-20 stealth fighter passed by onlookers in a thunderous demonstration. The aircraft is believed to have been built in part from plans of US war planes, obtained by Chinese hackers jailed earlier this year – a claim which Beijing has firmly denied. Military analysts have said it is still too early to tell if the jet matches the capabilities of the US F-22 Raptor. Scroll down for video    China's newest warplane, the J-20 stealth fighter, made its first public flight at an airshow in the southern city of Zhuhai. It bears an uncanny resemblance to US military's F-22 Raptor Copy-cat? Pictured above is America's F-22 which shares a similar design to the J-20. China is set to overtake the US as the world's top aviation market in the next decade After arriving as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine - the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes - answered few questions. 'I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can't tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility', said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. 'Most importantly, we didn't learn much about its radar cross-section'. A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the U.S. arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. But the mere display of such a newly developed aircraft was a revealing signal, others said. 'It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet," said Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute, 'and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride'. But the fighter jet's development has been controversial, embroiled in claims of espionage.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Canary Islands chosen as a backup site for troubled... Streaming instead of dreaming: Using phones and tablets... Batteries just aren't keeping up: Some modern smartphones... What its really like to live in space: Stunning 4K video... Share this article Share 10k shares Chinese national Su Bin admitted in a plea agreement with US authorities to conspiring with two unnamed military officers in China to try to acquire plans for F-22 and F-35 fighter jets and Boeing's C-17 military transport aircraft. He was sentenced to just under four years. Pictured at the Chinese airshow is the new J-20 Spot the difference: America's F-22 (pictured)  shares many identical features FIRST LOOK AT THE J-20 STEALTH FIGHTER  Today's flypast marks the first public flight for China's new war plane. The fighter jet is swift, stealthy, and armed with long-range missiles. Its design is similar to US fighter jets, stoking concerns that the Chinese military used 'stolen' plans obtained by hackers to develop the stealth plane and further drive its military ambitions. Experts have said that the plane represents a leap forward in China's ability to project power in Asia, and will compete with US military technology. China is set to overtake the US as the world's top aviation market in the next decade.    Earlier this year, a Chinese national, 51-year-old Su Bin, was sent to prison for his part in stealing US military plans and sending documents to Beijing. The documents were reported to include plans for the F-35 and F-22 fighter jets, which would have enabled the Chinese military to rapidly catch up with US capabilities.  Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, has offered Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its defence ambitions.  China is set to overtake the US as the world's top aviation market in the next decade.  Unofficial shots of a J-20 prototype fueled discussion over the region's power balance when first glimpsed by plane spotters in 2010.  Experts say China has been refining designs in hopes of narrowing a military gap with Washington.  Cao Qingfeng, an aircraft engineer watching the flypast, said the 'stunning' display was a show of China's strengthening aircraft industry and manufacturing - and Western officials agreed. 'This shows they now have confidence to put it out in public,' said a Western industry official who has monitored the biennial show from its inception 20 years ago. 'This is the airplane for China in the way that the J-31 is not; this is the one they develop for themselves,' he added.  Despite the impressive show of aerial military might, some foreign observers have questioned its stealth capabilities. CHINA'S J-20  Top speed: 1,305 mph Range: 2,113 mi Length: 67′ Wingspan: 42′ 0″ Weight: 43,000 lbs Engine Type: Xian WS-15 turbofan engines Cost: $110m  Manufacturer: Chengdu Aircraft Industry Group AMERICA'S F-22  Top speed: 1,498 mph Range: 1,839 mi Length: 62′ Wingspan: 44′ 0″ Weight: 43,430 lbs Engine type: Pratt & Whitney F119 Cost: $130m  Manufacturers: Boeing Defense, Space & Security, Lockheed Martin Aeronautics Two of the J-20 jets flew over dignitaries, industry executives and spectators and gathered at the show's opening ceremony during a 60-second flypast (pictured)  In this image made from video, the J-20 stealth fighter pulls a sharp incline to a a crowd of spectators and dignitaries at the Zhuhai airshow The demonstration flight of the two J-20 stealth jets generated a deafening roar, setting off alarms of parked cars at the site CHINESE HACKERS TARGET US MILITARY  In July this year, a Chinese national was sentenced in Los Angeles to three years and 10 months in prison for hacking US defense contractors to steal trade secrets on Beijing's behalf. Su Bin, 51, who went by the names Stephen Su and Stephen Subin, was also ordered by a federal judge to pay a $10,000 fine. Su in March had admitted in a plea agreement with US authorities to conspiring with two unnamed military officers in China to try to acquire plans for F-22 and F-35 fighter jets and Boeing's C-17 military transport aircraft. According to court documents, the trio managed to steal sensitive data by hacking into the computer networks of major defense contractors and sent the information to China.  Washington and Beijing have repeatedly clashed over what the US describes as rampant cyberspying by the Chinese government on US industry.  Other aircraft scheduled to be on display alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones include the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organisers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production, the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. Notably absent from the airshow schedule is the Comac C919 passenger jet, designed to compete with Europe's Airbus Group and Boeing Co of the United States, the rivals who dominate the global supply of airliners. The 150-seater C919 is scheduled to stage an often-delayed maiden flight this year, but industry sources say this will now slip to 2017 - three years behind original plans. Airbus and Boeing continue to expand in China with recent plant announcements. Boeing is expected to announce a new supplier partnership at the show.   The air show showcased China's aerial strength. Along with the latest J-20 stealth jet will be the seven-strong J-10 fighter jets of China's Bayi Aerobatic Team (pictured) The airshow, in Zhuhai, south China's Guangdong Province, will provide a platform for Beijing to flex its long-range military muscle to the public and watching nations around the world. Pictured are the J-10 jets of the Bayi Aerobatic Team at Zhuhai airport China's only international aerospace exhibition, held biennially in the southern city of Zhuhai, this year boasts its largest-ever display of military hardware and aircraft, with 11 exhibition halls, 430,000 square metres of indoor and outdoor viewing area, and 151 aircraft from 700 exhibitors from 42 countries and regions.  China is aggressively moving to develop its domestic weapons industry, from drones and anti-aircraft systems to homegrown jet engines and hypersonic planes. Beijing has previously been accused of copying designs from Russian fighters, and analysts say its J-31 stealth fighter is very similar to the US-developed F-35.  China's military focus on stealth technology remains a key issue for Beijing. Earlier this month, leaked images emerged of the military's enormous stealth warship, currently under construction at the Jiangnan Changxing shipyards. Known as a Type 005 destroyer, the vessel is believed to be armed with electromagnetic railguns capable of shooting down missiles and firing on land targets. It was also reported in September that a Chinese firm claimed to have developed radar technology capable of detecting stealth jets (stock image used) The leaked images revealed the battle ship's progress, with signs of portals on the stern for sensors and weapons and up to 128 vertical launch system cells for missiles. It was also reported in September that a Chinese firm claimed to have developed radar technology capable of detecting stealth jets. Called the quantum radar, the technology was reportedly created by Intelligent Perception Technology, a branch of defence and electronics firm CETC. They firm claims it is capable of detecting a target at a range of 60 miles and was successfully tested last month. China has pushed for dominance in the South China Sea, following a number of contentious claims over who owns territory in the region.  The two major island chains in the region, the Spratlys and the Paracels, have become central to the international argument, causing tensions to rise. Vietnam, Taiwan, Malaysia, Brunei and the Philippines all have claims on the region, but China has surged ahead with expansive military operations, including the building of its own islands in disputed spots to stake its claim and bolster a military presence. CHINA'S WARSHIP TO BE A 'GAME CHANGER' Asia's most powerful warship has been shrouded in mystery since construction began last year at the Jiangnan Changxing shipyards. Called Type 005 destroyer, this vessel is said to be armed with electromagnetic railguns that can shoot down missiles and attack land targets (pictured is an artist impression of Type 005) Leaked images show the Type 005 destroyer should launch late 2017 or early 2018. It has a full displacement of over 14,000 tons. And the images show the bow and stern are finished. Now, leaked images give a glimpse of the battle ship's progress, which reveals four portals on the stern for sensors and weapons and up to 128 vertical launch system cells for missiles (pictured is an artist impression of Type 005) The bow area appears to be extremely hydrodynamic hull, endure high speeds, have stealth capabilities and is fitted with an enclosed deck. And the stern is where the creators packed all of the technology. This area has at least four sections that hold sensors and weapons like towed array sonar, variable depth sonar, towed torpedo decoys and active torpedo defenses. Because the ship is 175 meters long and is built with large displacement, the Type 005 will be capable of carry numerous helicopters at once and other technologies such as drones and underwater vehicles.  Read more: Chinese national Su Bin jailed for hacking US defense firms and passing data to Beijing | Daily Mail Online Share or comment on this article e-mail 10k shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Man discovers wife is cheating on him following her with drone Chili's manager snatches veteran's free meal after complaint Ivanka Trump gives glimpse of her father's $100m penthouse Obama on Trump: This office has a way of waking you up 100 special police agents protect suspected paedophile from mob Killer wife and lover speak out over fatal love triangle Obama's dig at Clinton over her ground game failures SNL mocks confident Clinton supporters with Dave Chappelle Protestor at an anti-Trump rally at Ohio State gets slammed Emotional Chelsea Handler fights back tears over election results Dashcam footage captures moment van swerves before crashing 'Reality has a way of asserting itself!' Condescending Obama... EXCLUSIVE: Blow up! Days before losing the election Hillary... Obama's pointed rebuke to Clinton for election loss as he... Supermoon 2016: Stunning photographs show incredible sights... Man with the Midas touch: Inside the President-elect's $100... 'Watch carefully, you can see 18 years go down the drain':... Man accused of raping and killing a 4-year-old girl is... West Virginia officials under fire for racist Facebook post... Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer... EXCLUSIVE: Woman, 53, jailed for killing her cheating... The mansion that Coke built: Haunting photos show how home... 'I'm going out in style': Russian boy and girl, both 15,... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is... Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape... Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field -... The £6bn aircraft carriers we can't plug in! Old cables could leave ships without power, warns shock study... Watch the US Army's real-life PHASER GUN in action: Weapon can knock out a swarm of drones, cars and even... Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of... The fuel-free EmDrive 'is NOT impossible', leading experts admit - but say they are baffled by how it... Does teenage BLOOD hold the key to the fountain of youth? Plasma from human teens found to have anti-aging... Google and Facebook to crack down on fake news sites making money from their online ad systems How do you spot a space killer? CSI experts reveal spotting crimes on other planets could be even tougher Apple's latest launch: $300 coffee table book dedicated to Steve Jobs reveals 20 years of designs from the... Never get in the wrong car again! Lyft launches personalised colour beacons in bid to take on Uber Tinder gets transgender-friendly: Dating app rolls out 37 new gender identity options in massive update The 'invisible' Milky Way: Interactive map lets you explore our galaxy with superhuman vision Will virtual reality headsets alter children's BRAINS? Doctors say more research needs to be done on the... MORE HEADLINES Could YOU survive the suicide circle? Math puzzle solved by Jewish soldier to avoid death at the hands of Roman soldiers explained Will YOU see the supermoon tonight? Interactive map reveals which areas will have the best view Meet 'Baby Boom': Richard Branson-backed mini-concorde that can fly from London to New York in 3.5 hours is unveiled Is YOUR phone safe? 700 million Android handsets may be secretly sending users' texts to China every 72 hours Did voter's 'embarrassment, shame and fear' over backing Donald Trump explain why polls were so wrong? Humans will NOT survive another 1,000 years on Earth, says Stephen Hawking: Physicist warns we must 'escape beyond our fragile planet' The 'Stone Age Atlantis': Stunning video reveals the 9,000-year-old settlement found submerged under the sea off Sweden The end of silicon? IBM is creating 'carbon chips' that can make computers 1,000 times faster The formula for a PERFECT cup of coffee: Mathematician reveals the best way to make a brew Silicon Valley issues plea to Donald Trump to support strong encryption and let them hire more foreign workers Why baby talk is GOOD for children: Speaking 'motherese' helps them develop language skills much faster iPhone 8 to get a size boost: Radical redesign set to boast new 5 and 5.8inch edge to edge curved screens Mysterious 'megafast electrons' are accelerated to the speed of light just outside Earth's magnetic field - and scientists say strange discovery could change particle physics forever Sex with robots will be 'mind blowing': Expert says androids could one day improve your skills in the bedroom U.S. will become a 'rogue country' if Donald Trump dumps Paris climate accord,  former Irish President Mary Robinson warns MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today Not such a scruffy-looking Nerf Herder after all! Carrie Fisher opens up about  her 'wine-sodden' affair with Harrison Ford on set of Star Wars Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together Sexy for Scott! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she continues to enjoy getaway with Disick  Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Looked like she had plenty on her mind Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Looked as calm and collected as can be  'You have to practice your cosmetics routine as much as your dance routine': NFL cheerleader reveals her beauty regimen Sponsored Bethenny Frankel offers to adopt five-year-old girl abandoned at bus terminal after mother's murder  Says she is serious  Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Singer looked stunning in Los Angeles  'I've never felt this pain before': Below Deck's Nico Scholly mourns death of his 21-year-old brother Tristen Bravo reality star shared heart-breaking tweets Meghan Markle 'wants a future with Prince Harry and is ready to give it all up to make their relationship work'  The actress is currently starring in Suits Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Spy Kids movies star From peacoats to parkas, the outerwear fashions you will see everywhere this winter - and where you can find them Sponsored Girls night out! Lea Michele and Cara Santana celebrating Becca Tobin's engagement Spotted leaving Fig & Olive Kim Zolciak suggests husband Kroy Biermann as a co-host for Kelly Ripa on the morning show Live! With Kelly Is she trying to find the free agent a job? Moving up! The Walking Dead star Steven Yeun lists LA condo for $895k... after snapping up $2.3m home Left show tragically  'Someone asked me who the hunk on my screensaver is. It's JOE BIDEN': Internet users go gaga after snapshots of a young Vice President flood social media How to Get Away with Murder's Jack Falahee discusses his sexuality for the first time due to election Declared he was heterosexual  Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY middle in latest waist-training selfie Said it was 'disturbing' FEMAIL rounds up holiday make-up inspiration to steal from the star-studded and gorgeous Glamour Women of the Year Awards red carpet  Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Model hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during getaway Super Bowl MVP and Johnny Manziel's best friend Von Miller 'attempts to stop woman blackmailing him over $2.5m sex tape she filmed' 'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'Hallmark-card cliché' romance with Blake Lively... as he hints they slept together on first date Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport Jumped on a connecting flight from Australia 'Apologies in advance!' Ivanka Trump shares funny video of Arabella jumping in Theo's crib while performing an enthusiastic rendition of the 'Pineapple Pen' song Inside Donald Trump's $100million penthouse: Gold-rimmed candy bowls, a toy Mercedes for his 10-year-old son, coloring pencils for his wife and painted ceilings Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fightback The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals the juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala He got in the center of their feud Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Colonial-style home is owned by media mogul Bill O'Reilly suggests Megyn Kelly is making Fox News 'look bad' by releasing book claiming she was sexually harassed by Roger Ailes Appeared to criticize her Well it was the 80s! Diana's most memorable outfits are celebrated in a new exhibition Traces the evolution of the Princess's style A lesson in style! As Sophia Richie and Gigi Hadid embrace high school chic in letterman jackets, FEMAIL finds the coolest varsity bombers on the market Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Soon over heartache 'So what did you think of the Nubian ibexes?' Queen Elizabeth has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth host Sir David Attenborough at Buckingham Palace Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Third baby for actress 'We already love him': George W. Bush and wife Laura announce adoption of adorable rescue puppy named Freddy New addition to family Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir A big day for the Pitch Perfect actress 'He scared the s*** out of us': Lin-Manuel Miranda claims rapper Immortal Technique was a school bully Shared that the rapper used to pick on him 'What a mess!' Bristol Palin shares a snap of her nearly one-year-old daughter Sailor Grace grinning away while covered in chocolate and cookie crumbs Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Ivanka Trump comes under fire after her company promotes $10k bracelet she wore  during father's first TV interview as president-elect Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Got very emotional 'I hope you realise what s*** you laid on Yoko!': John Lennon's furious letter to Paul and Linda McCartney over their treatment of his wife goes up for auction Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic stroll Had smiles fixed to their faces Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Judge rules Nick Loeb must name his former lovers at the request of ex-fiance Sofia Vergara in bitter row over frozen embryos he wants to raise as children For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60million Super property  What a waist! Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo The magic returns! Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at star-studded London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win She's only 12! A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gemma Arterton strips down to her lingerie as she gets VERY hot and heavy with nearly nude Idris Elba in steamy scenes from 100 Streets 'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Bono is joined by his wife and daughters as he urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality during Glamour Awards acceptance speech  Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy The couple have already named the bundle of joy Jimi Hendrix's adopted sister is sued by the musician's bandmate for 'refusing to return guitars used in Rock and Roll Hall of Fame exhibit' Ugly battle Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London As fashion brands vow to donate funds to Planned Parenthood with sale of specially-designed products, FEMAIL rounds up the items now being sold Nick Viall goes shirtless as contestants fawn over his 'super hot' body in first promo for The Bachelor's new season Fans can't wait! 'Strange men turned up outside. Death threats were common': Megyn Kelly reveals safety fears after 'thin-skinned' Trump began publicly attacking her What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Welcomed her daughter just five days ago 'The band back together!': Kelly Ripa shares rare family photo with husband Mark Consuelos and their full brood Happy family  Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  Real name is Katherine von Drachenberg Reality star Kristin Cavallari said she's been bullied by 'insecure' fan of her Chicago Bears quarterback husband Jay Cutler on Twitter 'Never let anyone belittle you for your gender': Hilaria Baldwin tells her three-year-old daughter to never be 'objectified' in letter following Hillary's defeat Prince Harry wears identical bracelet to the one girlfriend Meghan Markle has as he meets staff at a sexual health charity and is serenaded by the group's choir Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is officially named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Williams, 36, was simply stunning  'He been f***ing some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' 'It's great that she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah Bagshawe... and jokes they are just 'trying to keep their baby alive' Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2 million Instagram followers Sheer daring! Elyse Taylor bares her nipples in a see-through bra and jeans in a VERY steamy photo shoot...after posing completely naked 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of $200m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH the trio if it fails Megyn Kelly claims Roger Ailes threatened her after she rejected his advances, and he'd still be Fox News CEO if Gretchen Carlson hadn't filed lawsuit Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife A-list crowd Make like Madonna in Cuba, Kim Kardashian in Mexico or the Beckhams in Greece: The hottest places to holiday in 2017 according to A-Listers That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'I do!' Adrienne Bailon and Israel Houghton share first kiss in touching wedding video Revealed the dress and the wedding cake and first dance  The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Tried to board a flight Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time Was unrecognizable Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian Laurie Hernandez tearfully dances way into DWTS finals as late grandmother cheers her on in pretaped message The 16-year-old wiped away tears A family affair! Pregnant Tori Spelling shows her support for The Rock's new movie as she attends Moana premiere with her children Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after being honoured the year before Looked sensational  Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Revealing outfit Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Enjoyed a rare night out with her husband  Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Her most famous feature 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's how to do maternity wear Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves Hated the last one Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' Modern Family actress  She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana She stunned for the star-studded occasion 'She stole my heart': Garth Brooks and Miley Cyrus fight back tears over teenager Darby Walker on The Voice They were both moved by her Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't decide on which look to keep 'Get over it': Jax Taylor tells girlfriend Brittany Cartwright to move past his growing rumors on Vanderpump Rules Risked losing her once and for all Making him proud! Robert Irwin, Bindi and their family, pay tribute to the late Steve Irwin as they put on a crocodile show at Australia Zoo Keeping his memory Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive Once the Undisputed WWE Champion Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  Revealed how much of a big deal her photos are Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit Was a featured speaker at the LA event  Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Award Cut glamorous figures Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards One of the world's most recognizable models Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Turned a head or two Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA Top for the crops Has Chloe Lattanzi been editing her Instagram photos AGAIN? Olivia Newton-John's daughter shows off her VERY slim frame in new snaps Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA He looks younger than ever Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles The Blue Lagoon star layered her sweater with a white tee underneath 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album Disco doll! Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash Gave NeueHouse Hollywood patrons an eyeful of her taut figure Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Shared a sexy snap  Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC In training for the runway Where's Eleven? Caleb McLaughlin, Gaten Matarazzo and Finn Wolfhard seen on Stranger Things season two set for first time Getting excited   Playboy model, 26, who appeared in Justin Bieber video boasts of her incredible $1million wedding to 63-year-old Egyptian multi-millionaire  Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend wished his fellow countryman well via video  Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney Emma Roberts cuts a stylish figure in skintight top and jeans while grabbing coffee in Los Angeles The niece of Julia Roberts Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening Was joined at Cadillac House by husband Johannes Huebl and Poppy Delevingne Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner can't believe their ears after learning about Kris Jenner's car crash in KUWTK preview Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now,' said a family source Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna On the way to the American Music Awards which air on Sunday  Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican vacation with Scott Disick Sunshine break  Ashley Graham sizzles as she flashes cleavage in sexy beaded jumpsuit at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards...after wowing in clingy black dress She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Enjoying working her glutes What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Star looked stunning The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry, asks EPHRAIM HARDCASTLE  Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  The 20-year-old wowed in an exquisite number Married! Bachelor vet Bob Guiney weds for the THIRD time... 13 years after first appearing on dating show where he competed for Trista Sutter's heart Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video Very 21st century way to get around 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message Post Trump's win  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet affection  'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Actor's not happy She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Bought some necessary edge to the premiere She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Looked beautiful  The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Stylist Sam McKnight  'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer For the upcoming film Patriots Day Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District More used to wrapping gold around his waist Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon Sofia Richie doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumors they are back together as they attend same event In Compton last week Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to hubby James Cook at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time Met the baby 18 days after his big brother Kevin welcomed her PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance Southern comfort  Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells for extra effect   'Women are scared a predator will soon be residing in the White House': Lena Dunham talks Donald Trump win at Glamour's Summit Shared her thoughts Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Rogue One: A Star Wars Story shares new IMAX poster as well as 'Call sign' clip one month before film's release The new movie is much anticipated  Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe Chatting about their new romances? Jessica Marais oozes sex appeal as she shows off her cleavage in a range of stunning dresses for sultry InStyle beach cover shoot Bon Jovi takes Billboard's number one album spot for SIXTH time with This House Is Not For Sale Sold 129,000 units according to figures Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy above-knee boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch 'Deadliest Catch' star is severely beaten and robbed after an altercation in Washington  Jake Harris was brutally attacked and robbed  A legend returns! Hayao Miyazaki, 75, the filmmaker behind Spirited Away reveals he will come out of retirement to make one final film The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Television showdown Respected PBS NewsHour anchor Gwen Ifill dies aged 61 after a short, private battle with cancer She was surrounded by her family All the handbags but no clothes to wear? Model Jessica Hart strips down to bikini top and dances around in a revealing new Christmas video Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch Canadian supermodel  'My first pair of designer shoes cost more than my rent!': Anna Kendrick dishes on early fame as she plugs Scrappy Little Nobody book on Today 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson Dished on shared night Stop, collaborate and listen: Vanilla Ice, Salt-N-Pepa, Coolio, Young MC, Color Me Badd and Tone Loc set to bring the ultimate '90s tour to Australia in 2017 EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused invitation into Cher's bedroom, fueled feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez and was flashed by a RH star Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Had everything clicking at the promotional event Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel supermodel wowed 'It's all I need!' Makeup free Ashley Hart flaunts her stunning figure in a bikini as she reveals her summer beauty regime Summer beauty regime for the model Walking on sunshine! Ivanka Trump is all smiles as she leaves her apartment hand-in-hand with Jared - before taking on the mannequin challenge  Young And The Restless star Corey Sligh, 28, is arrested for 'molesting a girl under the age of 10' in Georgia She was allegedly abused for months Russia's Pussy Riot issues stark warning about Trump's presidency in shocking 'Make America Great Again' video predicting what the future holds Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks like a princess How Donald Trump and ex Marla Maples' lavish 1993 Tiffany & Co wedding registry listed everything from a $530 crystal 'sail' sculpture to a $1,250 BOWL 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Pet project 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year Married to Blake Lively Christian mom blogger reveals she is dating disgraced soccer star Abby Wambach in her latest confessional post sharing sweet selfie of them together 'It's awkward!' Marion Cotillard reveals what's it was like filming sex scenes with Brad Pitt for WWII film Allied Dished about 'making love' onscreen 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car Amicable exes appeared to be relaxed and happy Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family... before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Woman, 23, who gorged on TWO dinners a night and tipped the scales at 400lbs becomes an Instagram star after losing almost half her body weight Behati Prinsloo shares beach picture with Adam Levine and baby Dusty Wanted the world to know there are no problems in her family Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Shine on! As celebs like Kylie Jenner and Hailey Baldwin step out in satin fashions, FEMAIL rounds up high gloss garments that will get you noticed 'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar Penned an open essay to the publication John Oliver goes on epic anti-Trump rant on his final show of the year, calling the president elect an 'abnormal pathological liar' From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story Oklahoma airport in lock-down with all flights suspended after Southwest Airlines employee and father of NFL player is shot dead and a 'sniper's nest is found' in nearby parking garage  158 comments 1 video SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Tuesday, November 1, 2016  |  Safar 1, 1438 Business Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Things to do Today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism A Boeing 737 Arik Air aeroplane at the local airport in Lagos, Nigeria. The country's biggest carrier plans to double its fleet. Akintunde Akinleye / Reuters Nigerian airline to double fleet with Middle East routes on the radar November 1, 2016 Updated: November 1, 2016 11:27 AM Related WestJet beats expectations on profit Emirates to suspend Dubai-Abuja flights For business travellers in Africa, a ‘local’ service is not enough Mitsubishi’s jet set for push into Middle East Etihad signs codeshare deal with South African budget airline kulula Topics: Boeing Nigeria’s largest airline Arik Air plans to nearly double its fleet to 52 planes within 10 years and has already ordered some of them from Boeing, a source at the company said. Most of the carrier’s existing fleet are Boeing planes and the source, who did not wish to be identified, said the airline would buy most of the new planes from the US jet maker. The source did not say how many had already been ordered or the value of the purchases. Privately owned Arik Air needs more planes as it aims to add international routes and increase services, including daily flights to New York, to offset a slowdown at home and bring in more hard currency. It is also seeking new investors to help it grow and has said it wants to raise up to US$1 billion through a private share placement next year and a possible initial public offering (IPO). Founded a decade ago and now west Africa’s biggest carrier by passenger numbers, Arik Air has appointed advisers for the share placement and potential IPO in Lagos, with a secondary listing in London. "We hope to maintain our market leadership and our growth strategy involving substantially increasing our fleet to 52 aircrafts by 2025," said the managing director Chris Ndulue in Lagos marking the carrier’s 10 years of operations. "We plan to … put our footprint in Europe, Asia and Latin America and the Middle East, and this requires additional aircraft," he said. Arik Air’s home market has been hit by falling demand as a currency crisis in Africa’s top economy deepens, due in part to the oil price slump. United and Iberia both stopped services to Nigeria this year and Emirates and Kenya Airways have announced plans to suspend flights to Nigeria’s capital Abuja by next month. Mr Ndulue said Arik Air would also look at various funding options from international banks despite dollar shortages and the economic recession at home, which had affected businesses. The carrier currently has a fleet of 28 aircraft, mostly Boeings but also three Airbus planes and nine Bombardier aircraft. New routes and services would help the airline to generate foreign currency. Last week Arik announced plans to start daily flights to New York in the next six months, up from three times a week, and start flights to Rome and Paris within 18 to 24 months. The carrier flies mainly within western and central Africa, as well as to London and Johannesburg. A plunge in Nigeria’s naira currency has increased the cost of importing jet fuel and hurt profit margins as many passengers pay fares in naira. * Reuters business@thenational.ae​ Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments Related WestJet beats expectations on profit Emirates to suspend Dubai-Abuja flights For business travellers in Africa, a ‘local’ service is not enough Mitsubishi’s jet set for push into Middle East More Aviation Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Delivery of 61 Boeing jetliners on hold as United looks to save $1.6bn UK’s easyJet reports first annual profit slide in six years Malaysia Airlines pins hopes on adding flights to China MOST VIEWED Business | All Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Majid Al Futtaim will expand Sharjah City Centre Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Stronger dollar could hold back Dubai property recovery Delivery of 61 Boeing jetliners on hold as United looks to save $1.6bn Rolls-Royce chief: ‘Our targets are always based on profitability, not volumes’ Etihad Airways on the lookout for new pilots in Europe A380s and Boeing 777s make up Emirates’ entire fleet as it scores a world’s first Review: Moto Z is a brilliant modular device More Most Viewed Next-gen A380s and Boeing 777s on the way as Emirates boosts superjumbo-only fleet Hundreds in Dubai turn out for rare supermoon Album review: Hardwired... To Self-Destruct marks more of the same from Metallica UAE pushes for gender equality with new laws Sheikh Abdullah bin Zayed opens Abu Dhabi Art - in pictures Dubai, the Philippines and beyond: what’s next for Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach? Why Netanyahu should fear what the future holds Sheikh Mansour at Cop 22 tells of need for more cooperation on environmental efforts Sharjah residents unhappy with free parking being scrapped French busker found guilty of begging by Dubai court More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS India’s currency move will hit property and gold President Trump - What exactly does that mean? Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, H1 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Leonardo DiCaprio and synthetics irritate the diamond industry Mental health in the UAE: Limited insurance cover is huge barrier for patients About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
null
null
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Endorsements Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Opinion Polls Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Today Subscribe Newsletter Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Opinion Opinion Editorials Endorsements Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Opinion Polls Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Boeing’s Jeppesen wins reversal of $43 million… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Moses-EL verdict Trump team Analyzing Nuggets’ 3-7 start B Line development Daddy Bruce needs $100K Welcome to Trump Land Business Airlines Boeing’s Jeppesen wins reversal of $43 million award won by small software developer Appeals court rules SolidFX’s contract excluded damage awards based on future profits Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Tamara Chuang | tchuang@denverpost.com PUBLISHED: November 2, 2016 at 3:44 pm | UPDATED: November 2, 2016 at 4:16 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular There is no such thing as the Denver Guardian, despite that Facebook post you saw Colorado presidential elector seeks to block Donald Trump from White House It’s all but official: Denver’s social marijuana use ballot measure passes Should post-election racism really be a surprise? Two men, including Denver gang member, charged in Montbello drive-by shooting Colorado governor calls marijuana gray market “a clear and present danger” Read the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit ruling on why it reversed SolidFX’s $43 million award against Jeppesen Sanderson A ruling that awarded $43 million to a small software developer was reversed this week by a federal appeals court in Denver. Jeppesen Sanderson, the Englewood division of The Boeing Company that makes aviation terminal charts, won its appeal against SolidFX, the Massachusetts developer that accused Jeppesen of stealing its idea for an iPad app. “We are gratified with the decision of the court in the matter,” said Mike Pound, a Jeppesen spokesman. “The next step would be for them to respond.” SolidFX’s legal firm, Davis Graham & Stubbs in Denver, did not respond to requests for comment. Jeppesen was represented Kirkland & Ellis in Denver. In the ruling, released Monday, Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals judges Paul J. Kelly Jr., Carolyn B. McHugh and Monroe G. McKay wrote that the contract between the two companies didn’t allow for the recovery of lost profits, which was the bulk of the $43 million. It all started in November 2008, when SolidFX began discussing a way to digitize Jeppesen’s paper terminal charts used by pilots to navigate and land at airports. The result was the SolidFX’s iRex device preloaded with Jeppesen’s charts. The two companies finalized a five-year contract in December 2009. A month later, Apple introduced the iPad and SolidFX began the process of turning Jeppesen data into an iPad app. But Jeppesen, which wouldn’t share its data with SolidFX, built its own iPad app in May 2010. SolidFX sued in June 2011 for antitrust violations and breach of contract. Its lawyers argued that the contract included future devices like iPads. Related Articles April 17, 2014 Jury awards app maker SolidFX $43.1 million in case against Jeppesen April 7, 2014 App maker claims $78.6 million in damages in Jeppesen iPad app case April 4, 2014 Is an iPad an “e-book viewer?” Jury to decide in Jeppesen app case “There was never a doubt in their mind that the iPad was covered,” SolidFX attorney Shannon Stevenson, of Davis Graham & Stubbs, said during closing arguments, according to an earlier Denver Post story about the case. In 2014, a federal jury awarded SolidFX $43.1 million in damages, which included $20.9 million in lost profits and $21.4 million in lost business. In its appeal, Jeppesen lawyers challenged only the part about recovering lost profits — the entire $43 million sum. Tom Russell, a law professor at the Sturm College of Law at the University of Denver, said the appeals judges did the right thing by reversing the award. The original jury decision was based on what is called “consequential damages,” or future business and profits SolidFX would lose because Jeppesen breached the contract. “But in this case, the contract makes clear that lost profits are excluded from damages in the event of a breach,” Russell said. “My view is that the 10th Circuit gets that right. That’s a tough day’s work for the plaintiff’s lawyers.” SolidFX has 14 days to seek a rehearing. It’s very common for large jury awards to be reduced. Russell said that about three-quarters of jury awards higher than $1 million are reduced. “What fraction get eliminated, I can’t say. But when you read about a big award, you can think that 75 percent of the time, it will be reduced. It’s not like the plan is to walk out with a big bag of money,” said Russell, who specializes in contracts. With any contract, Russell advises that you read the fine print. “Just as we ordinary consumers don’t read rental car agreements or click-through licenses on the internet, in similar fashion, businesses don’t read the contracts they sign,” Russell said. “Another thing we like to say is large print giveth and the small print taketh away.” Tags:  Boeing,  Jeppesen Tamara Chuang ​Tamara Chuang covers personal technology and local tech news for The Denver Post. She loves figuring out how things work and explaining them either through words, graphics or video. Find out how to contact her at dpo.st/tamara Follow Tamara Chuang @gadgetress Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off blog comments powered by Disqus More in Airlines A supersonic jet faster than the Concorde will get public design debut in Centennial November 15, 2016, 2:10 pm If all goes well, Boom’s passenger supersonic jet could fly its first paying customers in the 2020s. Denver International Airport sets passenger traffic record for 13th month in a row November 08, 2016, 10:44 am September was the 13th month in a row that Denver International Airport blew through its monthly record for passenger traffic, welcoming more than 5 million passengers. U.S. airlines expect Thanksgiving travel to rise 2.5 percent November 02, 2016, 4:14 pm The nation’s leading airlines are confident they can handle higher Thanksgiving travel this year partly because more people have signed up for quick-screening programs that are designed to keep airport security lines moving. The definitive guide to Denver International Airport’s biggest conspiracy theories November 01, 2016, 5:45 am To get to the heart of their continuing popularity, a Denver Post team was granted behind-the-scenes (and underground) access to examine the theories, facts and history of Denver International Airport. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2016 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Engines > Xiamen Airlines selects GEnx-1B engines to power Boeing 787-9s Xiamen Airlines selects GEnx-1B engines to power Boeing 787-9s Nov 2, 2016 Linda Blachly EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media Aviation News Gallery: This Week in Pictures-Oct. 31-Nov. 4 Advertisement China Southern subsidiary Xiamen Airlines has selected GE Aviation GEnx-1B engines to power its additional six Boeing 787-9s from a July 2016 order. The engine agreement was signed at the Airshow China 2016 in Zhuhai. Xiamen Airlines also expanded a TrueChoice Material agreement for the new GEnx-1B fleet for the new and used material and advance repairs needed for engine MRO services. The engine order and TrueChoice Material agreement are valued at more than $630 million at list prices. The aircraft are scheduled to begin delivery by year-end. “We’ve been operating GEnx-1B engines since we first introduced the Boeing 787 Dreamliners into our fleet. The engines are operating very well with high efficiency, and GE Aviation has provided us with very good support and service for the product,” Xiamen Airlines VP Cai Chengbao said. “The long-term material service from GE will help ensure the engines are maintained to OEM standards for the best performance and reliability to serve our customers.” Linda Blachly linda.blachly@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Xiamen Airlines selects GEnx-1B engines to power 787s   FAA mandates 787 GEnx-1B PIP2 engine modification   Qantas to buy eight Boeing 787-9s   GE Aviation, Air France-KLM sign 787 engine deal worth $1.7 billion   Xiamen Airlines finalizes order for six Boeing 787-8s   Blogs & Commentary Nov 4, 2016 blog Does Air France’s strategy go far enough? Air France-KLM has released its new strategy, the latest in a three-part series, but will this episode deliver the results that are needed?...More Nov 2, 2016 blog Ryanair lays down the gauntlet in Lufthansa’s home base News that Irish low cost carrier (LCC) Ryanair plans to start operating out of Frankfurt next year prompted Lufthansa Group Carsten Spohr to take a sharp intake of breath even as he announced a strong set of results for his company....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Nov 15, 2016 Article ATW Plus ALC CEO: Don’t panic over Wall Street initial reaction to US election   Initial Wall Street reactions to the US presidential election results do not necessarily signal long-term effects, Air Lease Corp. (ALC) CEO John Plueger said at the annual Latin American and Caribbean Air Transport Association (ALTA) Airline Leaders Forum in Mexico City....More Nov 15, 2016 Article De Juniac: Venezuela risks losing all airline service Some $3.8 billion of airlines’ funds remain trapped in Venezuela, which risks losing all air service to the country, IATA DG and CEO Alexandre de Juniac warned....More Nov 14, 2016 Article LATAM CEO: Latin American governments need to reduce taxes on airlines Latin American airlines’ growth will be stymied unless the region’s governments ease the tax burden on airlines and passengers, LATAM Airlines Group CEO Enrique Cueto said....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments Study: Boeing contributes about $2.2 billion to Alabama economy Print Email William Thornton | wthornton@al.com By William Thornton | wthornton@al.com AL.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on November 02, 2016 at 10:28 AM, updated November 02, 2016 at 12:47 PM comments The Boeing Company is responsible for more than $2 billion in economic impact to Alabama, according to a study from the University of Alabama's Center for Business and Economic Research. Jim Chilton, president of Boeing's Network and Space Systems, speaks to the media Wednesday, Nov. 2, 2016. William Thornton / wthornton@al.com  That figure, coming in the company's 100th year of business, is just the surface, however. Jim Chilton, president of Boeing's Network and Space Systems, said Boeing has made a longterm investment in Alabama and Huntsville. "We have a talent base and a set of facilities that have a role in almost anything Boeing chooses to do nationally," he said. Approximately 54 years after its first plant in Alabama opened, Boeing is still the state's largest aerospace company. Its impact is being felt through weapons systems in use throughout the world, and in modules that have housed astronauts on the International Space Station for the past 16 years. Huntsville's Boeing presence has a hand in space exploration technology, research, strategic defense and intelligence systems and other arenas, Chilton said. The study gathered the company's impact according to 2015 figures and was assembled over a six-week period. By the numbers, Boeing: * Has $2.255 billion business sales impact, contributing $1.062 billion to the state's gross domestic product, and $565.1 million in household earnings. For a little perspective, Alabama's total GDP is $204 billion. * Purchased $532.3 million through suppliers and vendors in Alabama. * Employs 2,750 workers in Alabama on a $264 million payroll. * Is responsible for 8,393 direct and indirect jobs. * The company made in-state non-payroll purchases and expenditures of $748.7 million. *Generated $53.9 million in state and local tax revenue. And those numbers don't tell the full picture. Joseph Addy, an associate dean for economic development outreach at the University of Alabama Center for Business and Economic Research, said that doesn't include all the associated industry located in Alabama because of Boeing's presence. For every job at Boeing, another three jobs exist in the Alabama economy, he said. "You've made us a better place," Huntsville Mayor Tommy Battles told company officials at a gathering at the Huntsville Chamber of Commerce this morning. "Boeing keeps America safe through weapons systems, and they make America dream through space exploration." Chilton said one exciting aspect of the company is its Research and Technology center, which supports commercial airplanes, defense, space and enterprise projects. "That's the company saying we're here for the long haul," he said. "That's the future." Business resources Read and post business press releases Sign up for free daily business news emails Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Industry HOME INDUSTRY ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Industry Indo Defence 2016: Boeing poised to expand helicopter sales to Indonesia Jon Grevatt, Jakarta - IHS Jane's Defence Industry 02 November 2016 Indonesia has submitted a request for price and availability of the Boeing CH-47F Chinook, seen here in UK service. Source: Boeing Boeing sees an opportunity to expand its presence in Indonesia with sales of additional AH64E Apache attack helicopters and its CH-47 Chinook heavy-lift helicopter, company officials said on 2 November. The Indonesian Army (Tentara Nasional Indonesia - Angkatan Darat: TNI-AD) ordered eight Apache helicopters in 2013 for USD296 million, with the Foreign Military Sale (FMS) contract representing the largest US sale of a new military platform to Indonesia since Washington lifted an arms embargo on the country in 2005. Speaking at a media briefing at the Indo Defence 2016 exhibition in Jakarta, officials said there is potential for sales of another eight Apache helicopters to the TNI-AD. "They have an appetite for maybe eight more and we would like to fulfil that," said Edward Hassiepen, Boeing's director for vertical lift global sales and marketing. "After the fielding of the first Apache helicopter there will be a definitive answer as to potential follow-on purchases," added Yeong-Tae Pak, Boeing's regional director for Southeast Asia. The officials said that Boeing is scheduled to begin production of the TNI-AD's initial Apache helicopter in December 2016, with flight tests expected in June 2017. Deliveries of the eight aircraft are expected to be completed by the end of 2017. About the TNI-AD's potential purchase of the Chinook, Pak said that Indonesia has already submitted to the US government a request for price and availability of the latest CH-47F version of the platform. The programme will move ahead once Jakarta issues a letter of acceptance (LOA). "Indonesia's request covers between four to 10 Chinooks," said Pak. "But if you look at Indonesia's geography - it's a huge country - I would suspect that once we get the initial sale there will be more requirements. In a country of this size there are expansive requirements for capabilities such as humanitarian relief and firefighting, so we believe there is a market for more than what has been specified." Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (342 of 572 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defense Industry Solutions IHS Jane's Defense Industry & Market Intelligence Centre IHS Jane's Defense: News Intelligence Centre Module IHS Jane's DS Forecasting IHS Jane's Offsets Advisory Module ASIA JSDF assigned new security duties for South Sudan COUNTRY RISK Seven Pakistani soldiers killed in cross-border firing COUNTRY RISK Bangladesh receives two refurbished Type 035 submarines from China SEA PLATFORMS China's aerobatic team suffers fatality INDUSTRY Japan, South Korea sign preliminary intelligence-sharing deal INDUSTRY ASIA JSDF assigned new security duties for South Sudan COUNTRY RISK Seven Pakistani soldiers killed in cross-border firing COUNTRY RISK Bangladesh receives two refurbished Type 035 submarines from China SEA PLATFORMS China's aerobatic team suffers fatality INDUSTRY Japan, South Korea sign preliminary intelligence-sharing deal INDUSTRY DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS UK defence infrastructure 'poor and deteriorating', audit finds INDUSTRY Pentagon budget 2017: Even odds of a new budget before new administration INDUSTRY Arlington Capital merging three firms INDUSTRY Babcock wins system integration role for Type 23 PGMU INDUSTRY China's aerobatic team suffers fatality INDUSTRY DEFENCE INDUSTRY & MARKETS UK defence infrastructure 'poor and deteriorating', audit finds INDUSTRY Pentagon budget 2017: Even odds of a new budget before new administration INDUSTRY Arlington Capital merging three firms INDUSTRY Babcock wins system integration role for Type 23 PGMU INDUSTRY China's aerobatic team suffers fatality INDUSTRY FEATURED REPORT The future is here: Australia progresses next-generation submarine 2016 has seen key developments in Australia's Sea 1000 Future Submarine programme. Julian Kerr sets out the progress in and process for delivering the Royal Australian Navy's new boat Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 866 542 1486 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3735 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2016 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Tuesday 15 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Liquid Robotics, Boeing demo maritime warfare capabilities before British Royal Navy By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · November 2, 2016 Liquid Robotics and Boeing (NYSE: BA) have demonstrated a network of persistent USVs to detect, report and track a live submarine in a naval demonstration, the company said. Four Sensor Hosting Autonomous Remote Craft (SHARCs) were deployed off the coast of Northern Scotland during the British Royal Navy´s Unmanned Warrior 2016 demonstration. The autonomous surface vehicles used advanced Boeing acoustic sensors in the live anti-submarine warfare (ASW) mission. Over the two-week demonstration, the SHARCs detected and tracked an advancing unmanned underwater vehicle and a manned diesel submarine. The SHARCs provided detailed and actionable intelligence to commanders through more than 100 automated contact reports, proving the USVs efficacy to autonomously conduct ASW missions and exchange data in real time. Liquid Robotics designs and manufactures the SHARC (Sensor Hosting Autonomous Remote Craft) Wave Glider platform. The Wave Glider and SHARC are wave and solar-powered unmanned surface vehicles. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... « Delta, Virgin Atlantic expand cooperation with Jet Airways for US/India passengers traveling via London Heathrow Universal Aviation opens location in Dominican Republic » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 23° | Max. 31° Air Quality: PSI 40-53 We set you thinking Wednesday 16 November 2016 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Business New home sales jump to 15-month high in October 1479219600 Business Uncertain economy sees 1.9% decline in non-auto retail sales 1479216960 World Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open 1479252061 World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants 1479252521 Business Snapchat files for one of the biggest tech IPOs in years: sources 1479252495 Business Exxon in negotiations with Chad over record $74 billion fine: Bloomberg 1479253043 Singapore Police investigating protest held in solidarity with Malaysia’s Bersih 5.0 1479240060 Singapore Museum visitorship hit record 3.7 million in 2015 1479217860 Singapore Trade, green issues on the agenda for PM at Apec 1479240060 World Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government 1479251416 World U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted 1479249948 Business Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source 1479250359 World Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official 1479250641 Business United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag 1479250608 Business Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks 1479247140 Singapore Programme lauded for helping special-needs children improve skills 1479223860 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Nov 16 1479247260 World Central American plan launched to fight gangs, curb migration 1479248485 Business Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO 1479247289 World U.N. envoy urges Trump to back Syria 'devolution' to beat Islamic State 1479248371 World Russia uses aircraft carrier for big attack on Syrian rebels 1479249304 World Air strikes pound rebel-held east Aleppo after weeks-long pause 1479245630 Business Oil rallies on output cut bets; tech, energy lead stocks up 1479242272 World 'I was forced to kill my best friend', former DRC child soldier says 1479242921 World Argentina shifts drug trafficking offensive to private ports 1479242696 World Ukraine's Poroshenko, Trump agree to meeting: Kiev 1479242349 World France's Fillon gains on Juppe for presidency nomination: poll 1479242160 World Turkish-backed rebels capture main town before IS-held al Bab 1479241781 World U.S. 'strongly condemns' resumption of Russian air strikes in Syria 1479241601 World Merkel to announce decision on fourth term at suitable time: spokesman 1479240251 World German domestic spy chief rejects Turkey's allegation it harbors PKK militants 1479239175 World Algeria's Bouteflika returns from medical check-up in France: state media 1479235789 World North Korea does not care who is president of United States 1479234669 Business SEC approves 'Hubble Telescope' for securities markets 1479245636 Business Republicans to U.S. securities regulator: Leave new rules to Trump 1479246976 World Greek police fire teargas at protesters in Athens during Obama visit 1479232137 World Russia says its missile strikes did not hit Aleppo: Ifax 1479236860 World U.S. to maintain commitment to allies in Asia, admiral says 1479242248 World France, UN tell Trump action on climate change unstoppable 1479242795 World Ex-minister Macron to run for French presidency: source 1479232894 Business Twitter to upgrade some features to thwart cyber-bullying 1479226117 World Cuba pardons 787 prisoners after pope's call for mercy 1479238988 World Kerry announces Yemen ceasefire over objections of government 1479238235 World Obama offers Greece solidarity on debt as police, protesters clash 1479234817 World Turkey says it's tired of 'two-faced' EU attitude 1479242010 World Assange questioned for second day at Ecuador's UK embassy over rape allegation 1479223641 World Germany bans Islamist 'True Religion' group, raiding mosques and flats 1479241561 Business Oil prices soar six percent on renewed hopes of OPEC output deal 1479246173 World Russia's Putin fires economy minister over bribery charges 1479237862 Business Viacom buys Argentine broadcaster from Telefonica for $345 million 1479242721 Business China, Russia take step closer to new long-haul jet A man takes picture of the model of a widebody jet, which is planned to be developed by COMAC and Russia's UAC at an air show, the China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition, in Zhuhai. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 8:00 PM, November 2, 2016 ZHUHAI, China - China and Russia took a step closer on Wednesday to the joint development of a long-haul jet to challenge Boeing <BA.N> and Airbus <AIR.PA>, displaying a model of the unnamed plane that would compete with Western rivals. State-owned planemakers Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) [CMAFC.UL] and United Aircraft Corp (UAC) of Russia said they had started the hunt to find suppliers, as they presented a mock-up of the wide-body jet at Airshow China. Neither firm gave details on financing or technical specifications for what Western analysts call a politically-driven initiative that will be difficult to pull off and is likely to carry a high price tag. China opened the show on Tuesday in the southern city of Zhuhai with a brief flypast of its J-20 stealth fighter, in a demonstration of military clout. Both countries are currently developing smaller narrow-body jets to compete with the best-selling Airbus and Boeing types. Guo Bozhi, general manager of COMAC's widebody department, said a 50-50 joint venture based in Shanghai will start operations this year. First announced in 2014, the project has so far been slow to materialize. The firms have said they want conduct a maiden flight in 2022 and begin deliveries in 2025 or later. Western industry analysts consider the target challenging, but more realistic than recent aircraft programs that sought results in 5-7 years and came in late. "A wide-body jet is an extremely complicated product, which will require a lot of skills (to develop) and require broad industrial knowledge," Guo told reporters. "China and Russia each have their own advantages." Descriptions accompanying the model showed the firms ultimately envision three variants, based on a basic version that will seat 280 and have a range of up to 12,000 kilometers (7,500 miles). SUPPLIER SEARCH The decision to base the venture in Shanghai was a "mutual decision", Guo said at the event, attended by COMAC Chairman Jin Zhuanglong, UAC's Chief Executive Yury Slyusar and Russia's Minister of Trade and Industry Denis Manturov. Guo declined to say how much each party had invested in the project. A global effort to assess potential suppliers is now under way, said COMAC, which is separately pushing its own C919 narrow-body passenger jet towards a long-delayed maiden flight, now aimed for the end of 2016 or early 2017. U.S. firms Honeywell <HON.N> and United Technologies Corporation <UTC.N> said on Wednesday they discussed the China-Russia jet with COMAC officials at the airshow, without commenting on the nature or subject of the contacts. "We will choose suppliers who have rich experience in development, whose products are competitive globally, and who can continually guarantee quality from the development stage until the planes go into operation," Guo said. A key decision will be what engines to use. Industry sources speculate the jet could use Western engines. Another potentially tricky issue will be how the work should be divided, a subject which caused years of wrangling at Europe's Airbus, which began in 1970 as a consortium of nations and took more than two decades to make a significant impact. Though a 50-50 JV, analysts view the Chinese side as being the more influential in the project. The firm's Shanghai headquarters tells "where the balance of power is going to be and that reflects the size of the Chinese domestic market," said Sash Tusa, analyst at London-based consultancy Agency Partners. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yum unit Taco Bell to have 8,000 U.S. outlets by end-2022 World debut: Jaguar unveils all-electric I-Pace SUV With 'change in the air', PM May asks business to help on economy While India plugs black money holes, Indians find leaks What’s most worrying about the current economic climate? What next for Singapore’s private housing market? Wells Fargo CEO says bank changing handling of whistleblower complaints Weatherford International CEO Bernard Duroc-Danner leaves Warren Buffett's Berkshire makes surprise U.S. airline bet Wall Street surges after Trump wins White House Inside Today World Syria's Assad: must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government Air strike targeting militants kills seven in southern Libya: official U.S. says war crimes probe of U.S. forces in Afghanistan unwarranted Business United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Exclusive: EU regulators seen clearing $25 billion Abbott, St Jude deal: source Snapchat has filed confidentially for its IPO: sources Ford going ahead with moving small car production to Mexico: CEO Wall Street rises, lifted by technology and energy stocks Sports Lions mean business ahead of Suzuki Cup Fiji Rugby Union upset by world awards snub China keen to host Rugby World Cup soon MCCY appoints FAS provisional council, with Lim as president Asean Super League set for Sept 2017 kick-off Entertainment Guns and stunts Vasantham Live concert to showcase local musicians, Tamil hits Doing it Lulu style PPAP singer to come to Singapore French rockers Trumps change name due to US election results About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2016 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
null
2.25 AM Wednesday, 16 November 2016 Home News Emirates Government Region World Law & Order Local Region World Entertainment Films and Music Celebrity Gossip Events Lifestyle Health Shopping Food Fashion Offbeat This is life Crazy World Business Economy and Finance Corporate Technology Energy Property Real Estate Rentals Sports Local Cricket FootBall Other Olympics Classifieds Videos Pictures Bollywood Jobs Prayer Time Home Business Etihad Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner touches down in Johannesburg By Staff Published Wednesday, November 02, 2016 A state-of-the-art Etihad Airways Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner touched down in Johannesburg yesterday afternoon after its inaugural flight from Abu Dhabi. Etihad Airways flight EY604 took off from Abu Dhabi at 10.15am and arrived on schedule at 4.45pm local time. The return flight EY603 departed Johannesburg at 7.50pm last night, touching down Abu Dhabi on schedule at 6.10am this morning, 2 November. Operating daily on the route, the two-class B787-9 Dreamliner features Etihad Airways’ next-generation Business and Economy Class cabins. Peter Baumgartner, Etihad Airways Chief Executive Officer, said the decision to upgrade to the Dreamliner aircraft on the Johannesburg route was to meet the needs of growing numbers of business and leisure passengers travelling to and from South Africa. “Today’s modern traveller is constantly searching for comfort, innovation and convenience, and we aim to provide the highest standard of hospitality and technological advancements to make any journey a memorable one.” John Friel, Etihad Airways General Manager South Africa, added: “The introduction of the Boeing 787 is a welcome development that will further enhance our guests’ experience on this route. “Our luxurious Dreamliners offer a best-in-class experience, and attention to every last detail.” All Etihad Airways’ B787-9 Dreamliner aircraft feature the airline’s highly acclaimed next-generation interiors with 28 Business Studios and 271 Economy Smart Seats. The Business Studios all offer direct aisle access, a fully flat bed of up to 80.5 inches long, and an increase of 20 per cent in personal space. Upholstered in the finest Poltrona Frau leather, the Business Studio is equipped with an in-seat massage and pneumatic cushion control system which enables guests to adjust the firmness and comfort of their seat. Each Business Studio has an 18-inch personal touch-screen TV with noise-cancelling headsets. The 271 Economy Smart Seats provide enhanced comfort with a unique ‘fixed wing’ headrest on each seat, adjustable lumbar support, a seat width of approximately 19 inches, and an 11.1” personal TV monitor. In addition to full mobile and Wi-Fi service with USB and power points at every seat, the Dreamliner fleet features the latest in entertainment innovation, providing more than 750 hours of on-demand entertainment, including seven live TV channels, improved gaming and high definition screens across all cabins. The airline’s renowned hospitality includes innovative services such as Flying Nannies trained by the world-famous Norland College in the UK, who provide assistance to families on board. Food and Beverage Managers handpicked from the world’s finest hotels and restaurants guide guests in Business Class through the extensive a la carte and ‘dine anytime’ options, and provide recommendations on the best food and wine pairing. Guests on the Dreamliner also enjoy the industry’s largest windows; air that is cleaner, more humid and at a lower cabin altitude for better comfort; large overhead stowage bins, soothing LED lighting; and technology to sense and counter turbulence for a smoother ride. Etihad Airways uniquely offers travellers from Africa the convenience of US Customs and Border Protection at Abu Dhabi International Airport. This facility, exclusive to Etihad Airways in the Gulf region, allows guests to complete immigration, customs and security clearance procedures for the USA while in transit at Abu Dhabi – avoiding lengthy queues upon arrival at US airports. Johannesburg is the ninth city to be served by Etihad Airways’ B787-9 Dreamliner. The aircraft is also deployed to Brisbane, Düsseldorf, Perth, Riyadh, Shanghai, Singapore, Washington DC and Zurich. Etihad Airways’ order for two variants of the B787 (-9 and -10), is one of the world’s largest for the type, totalling 71 aircraft. Share with a friend or colleague Your e-mail address: Recipient's e-mail address: Message Related articles Etihad Airways introduces six new in-flight kit designs Etihad Airways has introduced an updated collection of new destination-inspired Business Class amenity kit designs Related Articles Etihad Airways Boeing 787 Dreamliner touches down in Riyadh Etihad’s Dreamliner touches down in Abu Dhabi Etihad to start flying A380 and B787 in December 3 continents on Etihad flightplan, launching 6 routes in 2015 Etihad to be largest Dreamliner operator Business Kuwait oil price down to US$39.32 pb The price of Kuwaiti oil went down by 71 cents to US$39.32 per barrel (pb) Monday after it was at $40.03 pb last Friday Britain has no Brexit plan, leaked memo claims The British government has no overarching plan for Brexit and may take another six months to agree a negotiating Sharjah Hotels welcome 1.3m guests in the first 9 months of 2016 Hotels and hotel apartments across the Emirate of Sharjah welcomed a combined 1,318,748 guests in the first nine months Trump plan to boost oil, coal could send prices lower President-elect Donald Trump has pledged to boost the oil and gas sector and bring back coal, reversing President Masdar seeks to develop advanced water desalination technologies Masdar Institute is keen to strengthen its research efforts in the field of water desalination in the light of the Latest gold, forex rates in UAE Gold rates for Tuesday, November 15, 2016 Daily Morning 9:00 AM Afternoon 3:00 PM Evening 8:00 PM Ounce rate 1226     Most Popular in Business Read India to use indelible ink to stop repeat cash exchanges Latest gold, forex rates in UAE Sharjah Hotels welcome 1.3m guests in the first 9 months of 2016 Britain has no Brexit plan, leaked memo claims Kuwait oil price down to US$39.32 pb Videos Hundreds join Walnut the whippet's last walk Mark Woods’s story made it on to national television after his Facebook post Grandmother accidentally drops baby off moving escalator Devastating CCTV footage from China shows a grandmother stepping onto a department store"s moving staircase with her Hero mom shields her two-year-old son while two dogs attack Shocking surveillance video captured a mother shielding her 2-year-old son’s body from two large dogs attacking them Toddler miraculously survives huge glass door landing on her The shocking incident took place at a shopping mall in Foshan, south China. The three-year-old girl was following her See more videos News In Images Bollywood buzz: Alia Bhatt on Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa...Hota Hai Celebrity Sightings: Matthew McConaughey, Robbie Williams, Dita Von Teese... Airport fashion: Shah Rukh Khan, Aishwarya Rai, Sanjay Dutt... KUWTK: Kim Kardashian West could' 'bleed to death' if she falls pregnant again Follow Emirates 24|7 Indonesia becomes first Southeast Asian nation to publicly announce participation in Expo 2020 Dubai Indonesia, Southeast Asia’s most populous nation, has announced its commitment to participate in Expo 2020 Dubai, RTA provides free WiFi on buses RTA’s Public Transport Agency has recently launched a free WiFi service on board 106 Intercity Buses to Sharjah and Abu Three people jailed for joining terror groups An Emirati national was sentenced to 10 years in prison by the State Security Division at the Federal Supreme Court In Case You Missed It ... Sharjah wilts without power in over 45°C heat for second day Women and children flee to relatives' and friends' houses in Dubai and other emirates to escape heat The coolest way to ride the water in Dubai Fare ranges between Dh50 and Dh570 for regular trips and Dh400 per hour for tourist journey Parents black, baby blonde and blue-eyed Dad insists mum was true to him Saudis urged to “market” daughters for marriage A prominent Saudi psychiatrist has urged local families to market their daughters for early marriage, saying this would Sri Lanka declare at 520-8 in first Test Rangana and Lasith prove unlikely saviours with career-best scores Back to top News Emirates Government Region World Law & Order Local Region World Entertainment Films and Music Celebrity Gossip Events Lifestyle Health Shopping Food Fashion Offbeat This is life Crazy World Business Economy and Finance Corporate Technology Energy Property Real Estate Rentals Sports Local Cricket FootBall Other Olympics Editorial Policy Privacy Policy Contact Us Terms & Conditions Apps Advertise With Us Our services Copyright © 2016. Dubai Media Incorporated. All rights reserved. Tweet
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times DJIA ▲ 18923.06 0.29%   S&P 500 ▲ 2180.39 0.75%   Nasdaq ▲ 5275.62 1.10%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.221%   Crude Oil ▲ 45.73 -0.17%   Euro ▲ 1.0722 0.00%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In Russia Resumes Airstrikes in Syrian Provinces Russian Economy Minister Dismissed Over Bribe Allegations Ukraine President Asks Trump to Help Counter ‘Russian Aggression’ China Discovers the Price of Global Power: Soldiers Returning in Caskets Obama Urges Europe to Address Debt Crisis Currency Swap Pinches India’s Cash Economy China’s World U.S. Workers to Lose in China Trade War Germany Bans Group Accused of Recruiting Jihadists Egyptian Court Overturns Death Sentence Against Morsi Hong Kong Court Bars Lawmakers From Office Hollande Seeks to Extend France’s State of Emergency Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print World Future of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Search Hinges on Drift Analysis Marine scientists have been gathering ocean data using replicas of a Boeing 777 wing flaperon Examination of a key piece of wreckage from the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has cast doubt over theories that someone was in control of the aircraft when it entered the ocean. Photo: Associated Press By Rob Taylor Rob Taylor The Wall Street Journal CANCEL BiographyRob Taylor @WSJRobTaylor rob.taylor@wsj.com Updated Nov. 2, 2016 4:25 a.m. ET CANBERRA, Australia—As the search for missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 nears an end next year, new computer modeling of ocean drift may be key to whether it is continued. When the hunt for the airliner began more than 2½ years ago, searchers scouring remote parts of the Indian Ocean analyzed wind and sea currents for pointers to where the ill-fated flight, carrying 239 people, might have come down. Now as international... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos Conway: ‘The Excuse of Divided Government Is Over’ How Trump Won the Presidency Jaguar's Electric Concept Has Tesla in Its Headlights Obama Addresses Concerns About Bannon's Appointment Apple MacBook Pro Review: Living With Tradeoffs Most Popular Articles Christie Ally Exits Trump Team as Carson Spurns Offer Opinion: A Clinton-Free Democratic Party How to Reconcile With Family and Friends After the Election Donald Trump Scores Legal Win in China Trademark Dispute Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Aerojet Rocketdyne completes SLS launch abort engine hot fire tests by Staff Writers Sacramento CA (SPX) Nov 02, 2016 File image. Aerojet Rocketdyne has successfully completed a series of hot-fire tests on two Launch Abort Engines (LAE) featuring innovative new propellant valves for Boeing's Crew Space Transportation (CST)-100 Starliner service module propulsion system. The tests were conducted in the Mojave Desert in California, and confirmed the ability for the new valves to modulate propellant flow and control peak LAE thrust in the event of a launch abort. The LAEs, designed by Aerojet Rocketdyne, include a fuel valve and oxidizer valve, which were developed and tested under the company's Commercial Crew Transportation Capability (CCtCap) subcontract to Boeing. The Starliner will open a new era of spaceflight, carrying humans to the International Space Station once again from United States soil. The LAEs, designed by Aerojet Rocketdyne, include a fuel valve and oxidizer valve, which were developed and tested under the company's Commercial Crew Transportation Capability (CCtCap) subcontract to Boeing. The Starliner will open a new era of spaceflight, carrying humans to the International Space Station once again from United States soil. "These innovative valves successfully enabled the engine to demonstrate precise timing, peak thrust control and steady-state thrust necessary during a mission abort. This testing culminates a year of dedicated hard work by the LAE Integrated Product Team at Aerojet Rocketdyne," said Aerojet Rocketdyne CEO and President Eileen Drake. "This is another important step forward as our nation prepares to safely and reliably send humans back to the space station from American soil." Under the CCtCap subcontract to Boeing, Aerojet Rocketdyne will provide propulsion system hardware, which includes LAEs, Orbital Maneuvering and Attitude Control (OMAC) thrusters, Reaction Control System (RCS) thrusters, and more. Boeing will assemble propulsion hardware kits into the service module section of the Starliner spacecraft at its Commercial Crew and Cargo Processing Facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Aerojet Rocketdyne also provides hardware supporting service module hot-fire testing, which will take place at NASA's White Sands Test Facility in New Mexico; the pad abort and system qualification testing, which will occur at White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico; and the orbital flight test, which will be launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. The Starliner service module propulsion system provides launch abort capability on the pad and during ascent, along with propulsion needs during flight - from launch vehicle separation, docking to and undocking from the space station, to separation of the crew and service modules when the spacecraft begins to re-enter the Earth's atmosphere. At separation, crew module monopropellant thrusters, also provided by Aerojet Rocketdyne, support re-entry control. The Starliner service module and launch abort propulsion system is designed to rapidly "push" a crew capsule to safety if an abort is necessary. If unused for an abort, the propellant is used to complete the spacecraft's mission operations. The Starliner service module propulsion system includes four 40,000-pound thrust launch abort engines used only in an abort; 1,500-pound thrust class OMAC thrusters that provide low-altitude launch abort attitude control; maneuvering and stage-separation functions along with high-altitude direct abort capability and large orbital maneuvers; and 100-pound thrust class RCS engines that provide high-altitude abort attitude control, on-orbit low delta-v maneuvering and space station re-boost capability. Tweet Related Links Aerojet Rocketdyne Rocket Science News at Space-Travel.Com Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY Buy Advertising Editorial Enquiries NASA Uses Tunnel Approach to Study How Heat Affects SLS Rocket Huntsville AL (SPX) Nov 02, 2016 NASA's new rocket, the Space Launch System, will hit high temperatures as it reaches speeds of more than 17,000 mph in just 8.5 minutes. So, how does heat affect the world's most powerful rocket for human missions to deep space, including the journey to Mars? The answer just may be found in a special type of wind tunnel. NASA engineers have teamed with CUBRC Inc. of Buffalo, New York, to b ... read more The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2012 - Space Media Network. AFP, UPI and IANS newswire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA Portal Reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement,agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money More > Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 money You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. Goldman Sachs And Boeing Could Decide The Dow's Fate In 2016 Forbes 11/1/2016 Steve Schaefer, Forbes Staff © (Michael Nagle/Bloomberg) With only a week until U.S. voters decide on America’s next president, markets are on edge. But when it comes to how the Dow Jones industrial average performance measures up for 2015 the two names that might decide the outcome aren’t Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. Following Tuesday’s triple-digit drop, the Dow is up 3.5% year-to-date, but if it’s going to hold onto those gains it might take a strong finish from Goldman Sachs Group and Boeing. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▼ 148.11 -1.88 -1.25% Walt Disney Co DIS ▼ 97.70 -0.22 -0.22% UnitedHealth Group Inc UNH ▼ 152.23 -0.05 -0.03% Caterpillar Inc CAT ▲ 94.44 +0.27 +0.29% In a Tuesday morning note, Convergex chief market strategist Nicholas Colas noted that the price-weighted Dow has been relatively devoid of meaningful blowups in 2016. Nike shares are down more than 20%, but its shares are in the index’s cheaper third. Walt Disney's higher-priced shares are down 12% in 2016, but neither company is knocking more than 72 points off the index for the year. Meanwhile, Colas adds, the five stocks driving the Dow’s gains — through Monday that was UnitedHealth Group, Caterpillar, IBM, Chevron and 3M — are each adding at least 100 points to the index. Apple, for all its influence in other indexes by dint of its near-$600 billion market cap, “is a non-event to the Dow,” Colas writes, so he looks at Goldman and Boeing. “What really matters between now and year end are underperforming stocks with an outsized influence on the Average,” he continues. With weightings above 5% and shares down more than 1% each this year, the bank and the airplane maker fit the bill. For Goldman things have been looking up after a tough first half. The stock has gained 10% in a month, mostly after Q3 earnings jumped 68%. An October surge in M&A also bore fruit as Goldman has climbed back atop the rankings of deal advisors on announced transactions, with a narrow lead, even though it doesn’t have a role in the $85 billion AT&T-Time Warner deal. Boeing has also been cutting its year-to-date loss, thanks most recently to its October earnings report. The aircraft company is up 8% over the last month. It’s not uncommon for a few stocks to carry the year for portfolios of any size, let alone one as small as the Dow’s 30 companies. (In 2012 much of the index’s advance was attributable to a big rise in shares of Home Depot.) “To make further progress from here…winners have to hold, and highly weighted laggards need to pick up the pace,” says Colas. That may leave Goldman and Boeing as potential saviors if election aftermath puts the Dow at risk of a down year. Follow @SchaeferStreet Go to MSN Home More in Money Amazing Airstreams: The coolest tiny homes on wheels Lovemoney 8 ways President Trump will affect Wall Street U.S. News & World Report - Money 6 reasons to think twice before moving to Canada MarketWatch The 10 most expensive prescription drugs in America Fiscal Times How China's richest man is buying up the world Lovemoney 7 things you should never do online USA TODAY Up Next 20 tips for saving money at the grocery store U.S. News & World Report - Money AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Forbes Porsche Opens A West Coast Experience Center In Los Angeles Forbes 'Super Size Me' Star Morgan Spurlock Is Opening A Fast-Food Chicken Restaurant Forbes On Election Night, Milan's Go-To American Burger Restaurant Celebrated Its 5th Birthday Forbes Ashley Graham Gets Her Own Body-Positivity Barbie Doll Forbes Forbes View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video election 2016 © 2016 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter
null
Mittwoch, 16.11.2016 Börsentäglich über 12.000 News von 551 internationalen Medien Indizes Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Aktien Kurs % News 24 h / 7 T Aufrufe 7 Tage Xetra-Orderbuch Devisen Kurs % Rohstoffe Kurs % Passende Knock-Outs zu Ihrer Suchanfrage (Anzeige) Erweiterte Suche Ad hoc-Mitteilungen Startseite Nachrichten Aktienkurse Fonds Anleihen Derivate Rohstoffe Devisen Watchlist Aufklappen Schliessen Aktien»Nachrichten»BOEING AKTIE»Boeing Finalizes $1.32 Bln Order For Five 787-9 Dreamliners From Donghai BOEING COMPANY 137,57  Euro -1,27 -0,91 % WKN: 850471  ISIN: US0970231058 Ticker-Symbol: BCO  Frankfurt | 15.11.16 | 16:16 Uhr Nachrichten Analysen Kurse Chart Aktie: BrancheLuftfahrt AktienmarktDJ Industrial S&P 100 S&P 500 1-Jahres-Chart 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart Realtime Geld Brief Zeit 137,48 138,86 15.11. 137,76 138,60 15.11. 01.11.2016 | 15:23 (8 Leser) Schrift ändern: (0 Bewertungen) AFX News·Mehr Nachrichten von AFX News Boeing Finalizes $1.32 Bln Order For Five 787-9 Dreamliners From Donghai CHICAGO (dpa-AFX) - Boeing Co. (BA) and Donghai Airlines announced the finalization of an order for five 787-9 Dreamliners, valued at $1.32 billion at current list prices. Shenzhen-based Donghai Airlines announced its intent to order 25 737 MAX 8s and five 787-9 Dreamliners in July at the Farnborough International Airshow. Today's 787-9 order comes just weeks after the carrier finalized its 737 MAX 8 order last month. Copyright RTT News/dpa-AFX © 2016 AFX News Nachrichten zu BOEING COMPANY Zeit Aktuelle Nachrichten Di Boeing will move 1,600 Huntington Beach jobs to Los Angeles County ► Artikel lesen Di Here's Why Boeing Shares Are Falling Today ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort ► Artikel lesen Di Boeing to cut defense jobs in consolidation effort ► Artikel lesen Di UPDATE 1-Boeing to consolidate defense, space and security business ► Artikel lesen Firmen im Artikel 1-Woche-Intraday-Chart BOEING COMPANY Unternehmen / Aktien Kurs % BOEING COMPANY 137,57 -0,91 % Sie erhalten auf FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlose Realtime-Aktienkurse von  und  mit der Push-Technologie von   Wie bewerten Sie die aktuell angezeigte Seite?sehr gut123456schlechtProblem melden Google+ Seite Nachrichten • Aktienkurse • DAX • Xetra-Orderbuch • Watchlist Ad hoc-Mitteilungen • Nachrichten Börsen • Aktien-Empfehlungen Branchen • Medien • Nachrichten-Archiv Impressum | AGB | Disclaimer • Presse • Mediadaten RSS-News von FinanzNachrichten.de kostenlos für Ihren Browser und Ihre Homepage
About Us   Log in or Register!   Top News U.S. News World News Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News The Almanac Business Security Industry Energy Industry Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Opinion Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive Home / Business News / Security Industry Boeing gets $80 million option for Apache helicopter work Modification covers peroformance-based logistics program for components and services. By Geoff Ziezulewicz   |   Nov. 1, 2016 at 11:32 AM Follow @upi Comments Sign up for our Security newsletter WASHINGTON, Nov. 1 (UPI) -- Boeing has received an $80 million U.S. Army contract modification to execute a year two option for work on Apache helicopters. The deal will cover the continuation of Apache Helicopter performance-based logistics for D-unique, D/E common and E-unique components, supplies and services. Work will be performed in Arizona and has an estimated completion date of October 2017. The Army Contracting Command is the contracting entity. The Apache is an advanced multirole combat helicopter manufactured by Boeing. Boeing has delivered more than 2,200 of the helicopters to global customers. The first of the helicopters was delivered to the U.S. Army in 1984, with international customers now including Egypt, Greece, Indonesia, Israel, Japan, Korea, Kuwait, The Netherlands, Saudi Arabia, Singapore, the United Arab Emirates and the United Kingdom. Like Us on Facebook for more stories from UPI.com   Related UPI Stories State Dept. approves missile warning system sale to Egypt ATEC to develop advanced Army helicopter engine capability Lockheed Martin upgrading Apache helicopter targeting sensor U.S. Army's future helicopter engine moves forward Comments Latest Headlines BAE Systems to modernize U.S. Air Force's F-15 fleet 2 hours ago WASHINGTON, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Boeing has awarded BAE Systems with a $140 million contract to support its F-15 modernization effort for the U.S. Air Force. RUAG Australia selected for F-35 sustainment work 4 hours ago BAYSWATER, Australia, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- RUAG Australia has been contracted to perform maintenance and overhaul duties for Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft. U.S. Air Force develops solution for F-22 weapon issue 5 hours ago TYNDALL, Fla., Nov. 15 (UPI) -- A U.S. Air Force maintenance team has developed a solution for a re-occurring problem with the weapon systems used by an F-22 Raptor aircraft. Australia's Super Hornets complete first major upgrade 6 hours ago BRISBANE, Australia, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- The Royal Australian Air Force has completed the first major upgrade for its fleet of F/A-18 Super Hornets. Polaris Defense receives USMC order for off-road vehicles 6 hours ago MINNEAPOLIS, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Polaris Defense reports it is supplying 144 diesel-powered MRZR off-road vehicles to the U.S. Marine Corps for its infantry regiments. U.S. Army selects Rockwell Collins to support Future Vertical Lift program 7 hours ago CEDAR RAPIDS, Iowa, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- The U.S. Army has contracted Rockwell Collins to conduct collaborative studies to support the future development of vertical lift military aircraft. LDS unveils SpectroDrone at HLS & Cyber Expo 8 hours ago TEL AVIV, Israel, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Laser Detect Systems will reveal its SpectroDrone chemical sensor system for unmanned aerial vehicles during the HLS & Cyber Expo in Israel. Duterte changes his mind, OKs U.S. assault rifle deal for Philippine police 9 hours ago MANILA, Nov. 14 (UPI) -- Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte will move forward with purchasing more than 26,000 U.S. assault rifles, reversing his earlier position. Upgraded telecommunications network for Marines 10 hours ago PITTSBURGH, Nov. 15 (UPI) -- Technology solutions provider Black Box Corporation is to upgrade and expand the Marine Corps' telecommunications network architecture and systems. Leonardo-Finmeccanica demonstrates C-27J capabilities 1 day ago ROME, Nov. 14 (UPI) -- Leonardo-Finmeccanica began its demonstration tour for the C-27J Spartan tactical airlifter in Latin America. Trending Stories Dakota Access pipeline delayed Australia's Super Hornets complete first major upgrade U.S. Air Force develops solution for F-22 weapon issue UPI Photos Notable Deaths of 2016 In photos: Alicia Machado 2016 NY Comic Con In photos: Trump's 'silent majority' Celebrities turning 50 in 2016 Best of the 2016 MLB postseason Pregnant celebrities of 2016 Sasha and Malia Obama through the years ABOUT UPI United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. A Spanish version of the site reaches millions of readers in Latin America and beyond. UPI was founded in 1907 by E.W. Scripps as the United Press (UP). It became known as UPI after a merger with the International News Service in 1958, which was founded in 1909 by William Randolph Hearst. Today, UPI is owned by News World Communications. It is based in Washington, D.C., and Boca Raton, Fla. EXPLORE UPI.com UPI is your trusted source for ... Top News Entertainment News Odd News Business News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy Resources Security Industry Archives Follow UPI Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Pinterest Linkedin RSS Newsletter Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright © 2016 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. UPI.com is your trusted source for world news, top news, science news, health news and current events. We thank you for visiting us and we hope that we will be your daily stop for news updates.
Latest News Dow 18,923 +54.37 +0.29% Nasdaq 5,276 +57.23 +1.10% S&P 500 2,180 +16.19 +0.75% 7:05 P.M. ET Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds 6:55 P.M. ET Social Media Companies Tackle Fake News and Abuse 6:51 P.M. ET Preet Bharara hopeful that insider-trading prosecutions will ramp up 6:48 P.M. ET Updated Family of Chicago folk singer Steve Goodman sold ‘Go, Cubs, Go’ rights mere months before World Series 6:27 P.M. ET PlayStation Network may have been target of October’s internet attack 6:14 P.M. ET Sen. Elizabeth Warren on Election 2016 6:10 P.M. ET Ford CEO warns Trump’s tariffs could backfire 6:01 P.M. ET Sperling: What Went Wrong for the Democrats 5:54 P.M. ET Snapchat parent confidentially files for blockbuster IPO 5:50 P.M. ET The Preponderance of Evidence 5:48 P.M. ET Gene Sperling on the Unsuccessful Clinton Campaign 5:46 P.M. ET Updated Federal judge gives kids right to sue government over climate-change inaction 5:43 P.M. ET What to expect when Salesforce reports earnings 5:41 P.M. ET WWE Legend Bill Goldberg Returns to the Ring 5:33 P.M. ET Cisco sales decline likely to weigh on earnings 5:28 P.M. ET Still at Odds, Congress Returns to Work After Election 5:18 P.M. ET Updated The decades-long bond bull market is done, says Bill Miller 5:14 P.M. ET New supersonic jetliner a step closer to getting off the ground 5:13 P.M. ET Blackstone CEO on Job Growth Under President Trump 5:07 P.M. ET Dear President-elect Trump: Please do right by investors Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Boeing, Donghai Airlines Finalize Order for Five 787-9 Dreamliners By Published: Nov 1, 2016 10:01 a.m. ET Share Chinese carrier to become newest 787 Dreamliner operator SHENZHEN, China, Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing [NYSE: BA] and Donghai Airlines announced today the finalization of an order for five 787-9 Dreamliners, valued at $1.32 billion at current list prices.   Shenzhen-based Donghai Airlines announced its intent to order 25 737 MAX 8s and five 787-9 Dreamliners in July at the Farnborough International Airshow. Today's 787-9 order comes just weeks after the carrier finalized its 737 MAX 8 order last month. "Donghai Airlines has undergone steady development over the past 10 years since the beginning of our freighter operations in 2006," said Wong Cho-Bau, Chairman, Donghai Airlines. "Under China's One Belt One Road initiative, we will accelerate our fleet expansion plan to satisfy the rapidly growing air travel market and help build our home base Shenzhen as the transportation hub in southern China. Introducing these new next-generation airplanes that deliver the industry-leading fuel efficiency and passenger comfort in their segment market will be a key effort for us to fulfill the plan." "We are honored to welcome Donghai Airlines as our new 787 customer," said Ihssane Mounir, senior vice president, Sales, Northeast Asia, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. "The 787-9 is a great addition to Donghai's single-aisle fleet, offering a superior passenger experience and comfort, exceptional efficiency and low operating costs The 787-9 Dreamliner can fly 290 passengers up to 14,140 kilometers in a typical two-class configuration. The airplane will deliver unmatched fuel efficiency to Donghai airlines, enabling the carrier to expand the range and quantity of services on the long-haul market. The 787-9 leverages the visionary design of the 787-8, offering passenger pleasing features such as large, dimmable windows, large stow bins, modern LED lighting, higher humidity, a lower cabin altitude, cleaner air and a smoother ride. Donghai Airlines started freighter operations in 2006. The carrier expanded to offer passenger services in 2014. Donghai Airlines currently has a fleet of 13 Boeing 737-800s serving for more than 10 cities across China. Donghai Airlines' fleet is expected to reach 15 airplanes by the end of this year. With extended air route network, the Shenzhen-based carrier is making great efforts to build a modern medium-scale airline with high quality. Contact: Yukui Wang Boeing China Communications +86 10 5925 5505 yukui.wang@boeing.com     To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-donghai-airlines-finalize-order-for-five-787-9-dreamliners-300354925.html SOURCE Boeing Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Politics & Property Presidents’ weekend homes away from the White House View More Investing If you're shocked that Trump won, you broke 3 basic principles of investing View More Sponsored Content Alternatives in an uncertain world View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
null

null

null
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: November 1st, 2016 >> Story Satnews Daily November 1st, 2016 Controlled Inferno In The Mojave Desert By Aerojet Rocketdyne Innovative new propellant valves for Boeing’s Crew Space Transportation (CST)-100 Starliner service module propulsion system have successfully competed by Aerojet Rocketydne, a subsidiary of Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (NYSE:AJRD), for two Launch Abort Engines (LAE). Aerojet Rocketdyne successfully completed a series of hot-fire tests on two Launch Abort Engines featuring innovative new propellant valves for Boeing’s CST-100 Starliner service module propulsion system. Photo is courtesy of Aerojet Rocketdyne. The tests were conducted in the Mojave Desert in California and confirmed the ability for the new valves to modulate propellant flow and control peak LAE thrust in the event of a launch abort. The LAEs, designed by Aerojet Rocketdyne, include a fuel valve and oxidizer valve, which were developed and tested under the company’s Commercial Crew Transportation Capability (CCtCap) subcontract to Boeing. The Starliner will open a new era of spaceflight, carrying humans to the International Space Station once again from United States soil. Under the CCtCap subcontract to Boeing, Aerojet Rocketdyne will provide propulsion system hardware, which includes LAEs, Orbital Maneuvering and Attitude Control (OMAC) thrusters, Reaction Control System (RCS) thrusters, and more. Boeing will assemble propulsion hardware kits into the service module section of the Starliner spacecraft at its Commercial Crew and Cargo Processing Facility at NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Aerojet Rocketdyne also provides hardware supporting service module hot-fire testing, which will take place at NASA’s White Sands Test Facility in New Mexico; the pad abort and system qualification testing, which will occur at White Sands Missile Range in New Mexico; and the orbital flight test, which will be launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida.   The Starliner service module propulsion system provides launch abort capability on the pad and during ascent, along with propulsion needs during flight—from launch vehicle separation, docking to and undocking from the space station, to separation of the crew and service modules when the spacecraft begins to re-enter the Earth’s atmosphere. At separation, crew module monopropellant thrusters, also provided by Aerojet Rocketdyne, support re-entry control. The Starliner service module and launch abort propulsion system is designed to rapidly “push” a crew capsule to safety if an abort is necessary. If unused for an abort, the propellant is used to complete the spacecraft's mission operations. The Starliner service module propulsion system includes four 40,000-pound thrust launch abort engines used only in an abort; 1,500-pound thrust class OMAC thrusters that provide low-altitude launch abort attitude control; maneuvering and stage-separation functions along with high-altitude direct abort capability and large orbital maneuvers; and 100-pound thrust class RCS engines that provide high-altitude abort attitude control, on-orbit low delta-v maneuvering and space station re-boost capability. According to Aerojet Rocketdyne CEO and President, Eileen Drake,  these valves successfully enabled the engine to demonstrate precise timing, peak thrust control and steady-state thrust necessary during a mission abort. This testing culminates a year of dedicated hard work by the LAE Integrated Product Team at Aerojet Rocketdyne. rocket.com Topical Tags :  Events    Manufacturing    Systems              Regional Tags :  North America                     FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News "Go" For Galileo Rec'd For Arianespace Flight VA233 Arabsat On Board At AFRICACOM Conference & Exhibition  SkyNode S200 Primed For Pilatus Business Jet Harris ABI Aboard GOES-R SES GS Builds Managed Services SATCOM Services For Broadcasting Board Of Governors More News China's Middle School Students See A Dream Come True...“Dream 1” (CAS-2T) Launches The Newtec CETC54 Connection Austrian Airlines Winging It With Inmarsat Spaceflight's  BlackSky Pathfinder-1 Satellite Has Its First 'Show And Tell' Photos SKYWAN 7000 From ND SatCom Empowers SOTM For SABC's SNG Vehicles CIX Picks C-COM Heavy Duty Ahead For Iridium Communications With Komatsu Limited Power Poop Out Prevention By Keysight Technologies Last Week's Top Stories ULA's Successful Cool As A Cube WorldView-4 Launch  SSL Provides Positively Powerful EchoStar XIX World's Highest Capacity Broadband Satellite A New, Out-Of-This-World Record For NASA Surveyor Smallsats To Set Forth For NASA The Russians Are Coming... May Launch Up to 4 Glonass Navigation Satellites Next Year Bandwidth Buster Brought Forth By Newtec and Panasonic Feeling Better Already Now That COSMO-SkyMed Second Generation Contract Signed Avanti Heats Up For Sub-Saharan Africa's ECO Project With Newtec's Dialog® Hotspot Solution  Patent Pending Technology From C-COM Targets In-Motion, Phased Array Antennas The VSAT Conundrum Video From Advantech Wireless News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events ITU Telecom World 2016 AfricaCom 2016 CommuniCast Myanmar 2016 Marine Equipment Trade Show London Space Week AfricaCom Digital Ship Maritime CIO ForumBergen
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article 58° News Omaha Metro Crime/Courts/Public safety Weather Nebraska Iowa Legislature Politics Election Guide Education Military Good News Dataomaha Record National World Special Sections Sports Big Red Today Bluejays Today Mavs Today Prep Zone The Bottom Line Midlands Colleges Outdoors Lancers Storm Chasers National Golf College World Series Blogs Shatel Money Stocks Warren Buffett Watch Inside Business Agriculture Entertainment Arts Dining Movies Music Nightlife TV Living Good News Momaha Health & Fitness Inspired Living Wedding Essentials Let's Celebrate NE Passport Adventures Omaha: We Don't Coast Special sections Health & Fitness Momaha Opinion Jeff Koterba cartoons World-Herald Editorials Public Pulse Syndicated columnists Midlands Voices Koterba Caption Contest ePaper Obits Celebrations Columnists Brad Dickson Erin Grace Matthew Hansen Michael Kelly Tom Shatel Good News Nation World Video Photos Calendar Weather Contests Sarpy News Bellevue Gretna Papillion / La Vista Ralston In The Game Special Sections Inspired Living Omaha Wedding Essentials World-Herald Archives Customer Service User Dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber Services Single copy locations Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff OWH Rewards Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us OWH Rewards Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Omaha 58° Omaha, NE (68102) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Low 39F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 5:52 pm Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Autos Classifieds Daily Deals FindIt Homes Jobs Join our Team Legal notices Weekly ads World-Herald Store Advertise with us Customer service User dashboard Subscribe Contact us Online bill payment Delivery concerns Subscriber services Single copy locations Contests OWH Rewards Email newsletters World-Herald apps Become a carrier Goodfellows Newspaper in Education Help / FAQ Newsroom staff Subscribe ePaper Obits China aims to join Airbus, Boeing as a top plane maker Bloomberg News Nov 1, 2016 (…) China has a dream of challenging Airbus Group and Boeing in the global market for airplanes. That ambition is slowly taking shape in a hangar in Shanghai. The state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd., locally known as COMAC, is building the 168-seat, single-aisle aircraft C919, betting that the model will help the planemaker break into the big league. The company is banking on expertise gained from its smaller 90-seat jet, the ARJ21, which has won commercial orders worth at least $2 billion, mostly from local companies. Despite delays to the C919 program — the first test flight has been postponed at least twice since 2014 — COMAC is sending a message to the world: Watch this space. The builder says it already has commitments from 21 customers for 517 planes. At the Zhuhai Air Show this week, COMAC is set to showcase the aircraft and could announce more interest from prospective buyers. The passenger jet project is part of an ambitious plan by President Xi Jinping to transform China from a maker of sneakers, apparel and toys into a producer that can compete with the likes of Airbus and Boeing. Getting the C919 from the design board to the skies is crucial for Xi, who has identified aerospace among sectors that could help accelerate modernization of the economy to resemble Japan and Germany. “Domestic airplane manufacturing is a good case of the country’s ambition to secure a foothold at the very top of the global value chain,” said Liu Yuanchun, executive dean of the National Academy of Development and Strategy in Beijing. “There’s still some serious groundwork to do to eventually realize its ambition of mastering sophisticated design and manufacturing processes.” Aerospace ranks third after information technology and robotics on the priority list of Xi’s master plan “Made in China 2025” unveiled last year. For aviation manufacturing, Beijing has set its eyes on developing widebody passenger jets, heavy helicopters and various types of engines, in cooperation with global partners. The Zhuhai Air Show also will feature the newly formed Aero Engine Corp. of China, which has plans to build aircraft engines. A representative for Airbus declined to comment on China’s ambitions, while Boeing didn’t respond to an email seeking comments. COMAC kicked off research and development on the C919 in 2008, right as the company was established. The mission was to realize the dream of building and flying a large commercial aircraft — hailed as the “flower” and “pearl” of modern manufacturing and embodiment of the nation’s technological standing. The aircraft maker counts 16 global corporations as suppliers, including General Electric Co. and Honeywell International Inc., and has set up at least 16 joint ventures for avionics, flight control, power, fuel and landing gear. COMAC estimates the market potential for the plane at as much as $96 billion. The C919 is in good shape for the test flight and the developer sees no reason for another delay, a representative for COMAC said, without providing a date. More information China’s big oil producers continue to cut back China’s oil output slump shows no signs of abating as the country’s state-run energy giants hold back spending to cope with the crash in prices. Tags China C919 Comac Aircraft Boeing Plane Maker Featured Businesses United Country Menke Auction & Realty 124 E Main St, Treynor, IA 51575 712-487-3542 Red Savoy Pizza & Sports Bar 3510 N 167th Cir, Omaha, NE 68116 402-289-2929 Currently Open Toppers Pizza | Late Night Pizza Delivery | Miracle Hills Plaza Omaha 741 N 114th St, Omaha, NE 68154 402-933-9733 Currently Open NP Dodge Real Estate | Corporate Headquarters | Omaha NE Corporate Headquarters 8701 W Dodge RD STE 300, Omaha, NE 68114 402-397-4900 Priority 1 Fitness | Exercise Experts | Workout Equipment | Omaha 14491 W Center Rd, Omaha, NE 68144 402-330-1133 Currently Open United Republic Bank 111 N 181st St, P.O. Box 540126, Omaha, NE 68154 402-505-8500 World-Herald 150 Stocks In case you missed it Two metro-area Shopkos to close at the end of January Headache for farmers as they get less cash for more crops 'Strategic alternatives'? Use of the jargon by Omaha’s West Corp. could signal trouble ahead Former Hinky Dinky grocery building set to undergo $3.4 million renovation No certainty that new hedge fund drawn to Conagra will act as activist Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway Berkshire Hathaway buying stakes in several major airlines Replay: Nov. 15 Warren Watch chat Warren Buffett Watch: Mining the diamond expertise of Borsheims CEO Tweets by @OWHmoney loading... Today's ePaper Omaha World-Herald Sunrise Edition Omaha World-Herald Subscriber services ePaper online Subscriber log in Demo ePaper Print edition Subscribe for delivery Single copy locations Sections News Sports Money Living Entertainment Opinion Obits ePaper Full site index Services Contact us Subscribe Subscriber services News alerts + newsletters World-Herald apps Advertise with us Join our Team

Menu asia times EST 1995 China | China's surging domestic travel stokes boom for carriers Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main Business Politics Insights More Culture China South Asia About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 16-11-2016 02:33 Not even an isolationist America would dare abandon Asia (Emanuele Scimia) 15-11-2016 21:38 Li Yuan-chia’s art retrospective comes to London (Sarah Reeve, Curator) 15-11-2016 21:30 The blood of my nation (Jennifer Fenton, Family Therapist) 15-11-2016 20:29 With TPP dying, will the US maintain its Asia-Pacific role? (Salman Rafi) 15-11-2016 18:25 Trump’s triumph and the end of American supremacy (Xuan Loc Doan) 15-11-2016 18:04 The Asian Box Office: China's new film law is spreading jitters about the future, while Hollywood continues to hold sway over the present. Elsewhere, the region's films put up a stiff fight. (Russell Edwards) 15-11-2016 18:02 Beijing is the best Asian city in which to make money, expats say. (Johan Nylander) 15-11-2016 17:24 India's shock decision to take high denomination notes out of circulation last week and impose curbs on daily bank withdrawals has badly hit economic activity in all sectors across the country. (Asia Times staff) 15-11-2016 17:16 As protests against the presidency of South Korea's Park Geun Hye mount, there is little sign of her going quickly or quietly. The result is a crippling stalemate. (Shim Jae Hoon) 15-11-2016 16:42 A Hong Kong court on Tuesday disqualified two pro-independence lawmakers from taking office, ruling their oath of allegiance invalid, a ruling in step with Beijing which last week intervened in the city's legal system after street protests. (Agence France-Presse) 15-11-2016 15:30 Andrea Oschetti used to be a senior manager at PricewaterhouseCoopers, But an alertness to the passing of time has launched him into a world where his name card now reads 'dream maker.' (Samantha Kuok Leese) 15-11-2016 13:40 China's Education Ministry has announced it will roll out new assessment standards and tests, linked to international models, for English ability. (Lin Wanxia) 15-11-2016 13:03 As  China strives to lead the world in innovation and business, evidence suggests that the role of English will be key. (Johan Nylander) 15-11-2016 12:05 The seventh annual report on global sports salaries finds that football's Chinese Super League, now the world's 12th highest-paying sports league, is the most "star heavy" in terms of wage distribution. (Kenny Hodgart) 15-11-2016 11:32 China's property markets are facing increasing curbs on speculators so could this be driving funds into garlic? Prices of the vegetable, an essential in Chinese cooking, have soared more than 90% (Nikkei Asian Review) 15-11-2016 10:21 Donald Trump’s election victory is blamed for a sudden spike in bond yields, with expectations of the issuance of more government debt to fund spending plans. But the US isn’t the only giant world economy subject to rising growth expectations. (David P. Goldman) 15-11-2016 09:26 China will categorise local government debt risk into four to allow for faster response to provinces falling behind in payment of principal and interest, reported the Shanghai Securities Journal (Lin Wanxia and Poo Yee Kai) 14-11-2016 18:51 Trump could put the US economy back on track (David P. Goldman, Columnist) 14-11-2016 18:22 Critics say Breitbart now has the potential to play an unprecedented role in a modern presidency, as a weaponized media adjunct for the White House. (New York Times) 14-11-2016 17:33 Trump’s temptations for war in Asia (Francesco Sisci, Columnist) 14-11-2016 17:05 Singaporeans are now among the world's top English speakers, according to newly-published global rankings. Hong Kong, meanwhile, has dropped below Malaysia, the Philippines, India, South Korea and even France. (Johan Nylander) 14-11-2016 16:32 Hong Kong lawmaker Claudia Mo Man-ching has quit the pro-democracy Civic Party, of which she was a founding member in 2006 but will continue to serve as an independent democrat with 'Hong Kong First.' (Hong Kong Free Press) 14-11-2016 16:21 Oxford Economics warns that the US will engage in less free trade and pursue protectionist policies that are harmful to countries such as China. (Johan Nylander) 14-11-2016 16:13 Samsung Electronics said on Monday it had agreed to buy Harman International Industries for about US$8 billion, a deal that enables the South Korean giant to expand its presence in the auto parts market. (Agencies) 14-11-2016 14:04 Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi held a meeting with senior ministers early Monday to review the shock demonetization that has caused chaos and anger throughout the country. (Asia Times staff) 14-11-2016 13:26 The yearly investment available to startups in Japan, about $2 billion, is dwarfed by the $60 billion in the US. Yet, Tokyo-based angel investor Dr. Tomy Kamada thinks Japan has enough venture capital (Richard Solomon, Beacon Reports) 14-11-2016 13:22 Chinese President Xi Jinping told US President-elect Donald Trump in a phone call on Monday that cooperation was the only choice for relations between the two countries, Chinese state media said. (Reuters) 14-11-2016 13:04 Desperate to fight mounting trash problems but wary of public opposition, China is building new incineration capacity designed to blend into its surroundings and limit environmental damage. (Reuters) 14-11-2016 11:37 Japan's economic growth handily beat expectations in the July-September period, expanding for a third straight quarter as exports recovered. But domestic activity remains weak (Reuters) 14-11-2016 11:24 Pakistan fears Japan’s signing of a civilian nuclear technology deal with India on Friday could undermine regional stability, a Foreign Ministry spokesman said (Kyodo News) the brief More than 10 Chinese carriers have begun flying since Beijing's aviation regulator relaxed a six-year suspension on new airlines licenses in 2013. They now operate or have ordered at least 100 jets made by Europe's Airbus, Boeing of the US and Brazil's Embraer. Photo: Reuters. ChinaAviation China’s surging domestic travel stokes boom for carriers Surge in airline startups as Chinese regulator cuts red tape means a boom in new aircraft orders and happy days for pilots By Reuters November 1, 2016 8:59 AM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 China’s appetite for planes and pilots is building up, whetted by a slew of airlines launched in the past three years as local governments, private firms and larger carriers fight for a share of the country’s fast-growing domestic travel market. More than 10 Chinese carriers have begun flying since Beijing’s aviation regulator relaxed a six-year suspension on new airline licenses in 2013. They now operate or have ordered at least 100 jets made by Europe’s Airbus, US giant Boeing and Embraer of Brazil. Such breakneck expansion might give cause for alarm in mature aviation markets. But China’s new breed of carrier is focusing on second- and third-tier Chinese cities that have gleaming, newly built airports that helped stoke an 8.2 percent rise in domestic passenger traffic in 2015, according to the International Air Transport Association. The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox While state carriers like Air China, China Eastern Airlines and China Southern Airlines dominate for now, the newcomers have deep-pocketed backers like conglomerate HNA Group, plus support from local authorities as well as Air China itself. “By 2020 we want to have 40-50 planes,” said Lan Yu, brand manager at Guangxi Beibu Gulf Airlines, a newcomer set up by the government of southwestern Guangxi province and Tianjin Airlines in 2015. Tianjin Airlines is a unit of HNA, an aviation and shipping giant with more than $100 billion in assets. Guangxi Beibu will fly 13 Embraer E190 regional jets and three Airbus A320s to 28 Chinese cities by the end of 2016, Lan said. With average seat occupancy of more than 90% since flights began, Lan said the carrier was already profitable. Aircraft makers like Boeing welcome the newcomers, provided they are financially sound. “We obviously look a little more closely at new airlines to make sure we account for the risk, but we’re not seeing any issues with the ones that have started up in China,” said Darren Hulst, head of marketing in northeast Asia for Boeing’s commercial aircraft division. As well as the newcomers already up and running, at least 10 more airlines have applied for air operator certificates, according to company statements and local media reports. At the end of last year, China had 48 passenger airlines, up from 36 at the end of 2012, according to data from the Civil Aviation Administration of China. Along with racking up aircraft orders, the new airlines are also advertising pay packages up to 50 percent higher than their established rivals as they find it tougher to lure staff, said Sherrie Luo, general manager of Hong Kong-based crew recruitment firm Smile Aviation. Hongtu Airlines, based in the southwestern city of Kunming, is offering Airbus A320 pilots monthly salaries of up to US$25,500, according to advertisements on Smile Aviation’s website. Pilots heading to China Eastern can expect as much as US$18,500 a month.     Share Tweet Linkedin Email China Aviation Business Airshow zhuhai Comments More on this topic China’s stealth fighter unveiled in flyby debut Agence France-Presse China’s latest fighter jets expected at air show AIN Tender approved for upgrade of clogged Manila airport EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main Business Politics Insights Culture China South Asia Trending Topics #Southeast Asia #Middle East #Japan #India #Koreas #South China Sea #Sport About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2016 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Aerospace Composites Market by Fiber Type (Glass, Carbon, Aramid), Resin Type (Epoxy, Phenolic, Polyester, Polyamide, Thermoplastic), Aircraft Type (Commercial, Business & Ga, Military, Civil), Application and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 News provided by Reportlinker Nov 02, 2016, 17:39 ET Share this article NEW YORK, Nov. 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- "Aerospace composites market projected to grow at a CAGR of 8.95%" The global aerospace composites market is projected to reach USD 32.35 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 8.95% from 2016 to 2021. The major drivers stimulating the growth of the global aerospace composites market are, the increasing demand for light weight, fuel efficient and high performance materials from commercial airline companies, increased penetration of composites in advanced aircraft as well as low cost carriers and the high worldwide growth in the number of new generation aircraft deliveries. However, issues related to recyclability and the lack of standardization in manufacturing technologies, are restraining the growth of the aerospace composites market. "Exterior structural applications accounted for the largest market share in the aerospace composites market, by value." Aerospace composites are extensively used in exterior aircraft components such as fuselage, wings, undercarriage, propulsion system and others. The key drivers for aerospace composites are, the global growth in the number of airplane deliveries in the near future, high performance properties such as being light weight, excellent safety & acoustic features and complying eco-friendly regulations. In order to comply with the eco-friendly regulations, aerospace manufacturers such as Boeing (U.S.), Airbus (France), GE Aviation (U.S.), and others have started using aerospace composites to manufacture exterior as well as interior components of aircraft. Thus, investing in aerospace composites production for exterior structural aerospace components would be the most profitable revenue pocket for stakeholders. "North America is the fastest-growing market for aerospace composites." North America is expected to be the fastest-growing market for aerospace composites during the forecast period. Increased number of aircraft deliveries, clearance in the backlog of aircraft orders by commercial airline companies, and the replacement of old aircraft with advanced ones, is driving the growth of the aerospace composites market in North America. The U.S. leads the market for aerospace composites in North America. Further, the penetration of aerospace composites in the U.S. aerospace industry is expected to increase due to capacity expansion for the production of aerospace composites by major composite manufacturers, the increased budget for defense aircraft programs and growth in the aerospace industry due to a stable economy. This study has been validated through primaries conducted with various industry experts, globally. These primary sources have been divided into the following three categories: - By company type- Tier 1- 35%, Tier 2- 25%, and Tier 3- 40% - By designation- C Level- 30%, Director Level- 25%, and Others- 45% - By region- North America- 30%, Europe- 25%, Asia-Pacific- 30%, Latin America- 10% and Middle East & Africa- 5% The report provides a comprehensive analysis of company profiles, which include: - Solvay Group (Belgium) - Toray Industries, Ltd. (Japan) - Teijin Ltd. (Japan) - Hexcel Corporation (U.S.) - Royal Ten Cate (Netherlands) - SGL group (Germany) - Owens Corning (U.S.) - Mitsubishi Rayon Co., Ltd. (Japan) - Materion Corporation (U.S.) - Renegade Materials Corporation (U.S.) Research Coverage: The report covers the global aerospace composites market and the usage of aerospace composites in various structural components of different types of aircraft. It aims at estimating the market size and future growth potential of this market across different segments such as application, service, deployment type, user type, industry verticals, and regions. Furthermore, the report also includes an in-depth competitive analysis of the key players in the market along with their company profiles, SWOT analysis, recent developments, and key market strategies. Reasons to buy the report: The report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market by providing them the closest approximations of the revenues for the overall aerospace composites market and the subsegments. This report will help stakeholders to better understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights, to better position their businesses and market strategies. The report also helps the stakeholders to understand the pulse of the market and provides them information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04268636-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need - instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aerospace-composites-market-by-fiber-type-glass-carbon-aramid-resin-type-epoxy-phenolic-polyester-polyamide-thermoplastic-aircraft-type-commercial-business--ga-military-civil-application-and-region---global-fore-300356290.html SOURCE Reportlinker Related Links http://www.reportlinker.com Nov 02, 2016, 17:42 ET Preview: Plain Bearing Market - Global Industry Analysis, Trend, Size, Share and Forecast 2016 - 2024 Nov 02, 2016, 17:26 ET Preview: Australia Market Study on Nitric Acid: Increasing Demand for Ammonium Nitrate Likely to Boost Market Growth My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 18:19 ETCosmetic Pigments Market by Elemental Composition, Technology,... 18:17 ETRoofing Adhesives Market by Resin Type, Technology, Application -... Explore More news releases in similar topics Publishing & Information Services Aerospace & Defense Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Aerospace Composites Market by Fiber Type (Glass, Carbon, Aramid), Resin Type (Epoxy, Phenolic, Polyester, Polyamide, Thermoplastic), Aircraft Type (Commercial, Business & Ga, Military, Civil), Application and Region - Global Forecast to 2021 News provided by Reportlinker Nov 02, 2016, 17:39 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Follow Us On Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > ShowNews > NBAA 2016 > BizAv Enables White House Hopefuls You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN BizAv Enables White House Hopefuls Nov 2, 2016 Rich Piellisch | ShowNews EMAIL Tweet Comments 4 Falcon 900B from Long Island’s Executive Fliteways initially carried Hillary Clinton, then her running mate Tim Kaine. Advertisement The four candidates topping the national ballots next week have been taking advantage of the speed and privacy of business aviation as they crisscross the country. Without general aviation, says a charter supplier to the Democratic ticket, “It would be an impossible chore.” The campaigns have been facilitated using Boeing and Citation and Falcon jets, and Sikorsky helicopters. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump fly private, as do VP candidates Tim Kaine and Mike Pence. Mrs. Clinton shifted on Labor Day to a 737-800, on which she now carries both campaign staff and reporters. The aircraft, tail number N881XA, is registered to AerSale USA and operated by AerSale’s Xtra Airways unit. A Falcon 900B from Executive Fliteways formerly used by the Democratic candidate is now being used by her running mate, Virginia Senator and Democratic VP candidate Tim Kaine. Florida-based AerSale specializes in mid-life aftermarket aviation flight equipment, offering used aircraft, refurbished in-house, as an economic alternative to new jets. It claims FedEx, Taiwan’s Eva Air, the charter carrier Air Atlanta (Icelandic), Iberia Mantenimiento, Asiana Airlines, Thai among its customers, as well as NASA, for the space agency’s “Flying Laboratory” DC-8. Coral Gables-based Xtra Airways, the former Casino Express, was acquired by AerSale’s principals in 2014. Xtra is an FAA Part 21 operator specializing in flexible and reliable lift for group air travel, “accommodating sports teams, corporate incentive groups, entertainers, civic leaders, students, or any other group” – including campaign organizations. Popular Now ‘Baby Boom’ Supersonic Demonstrator Unveiled Meet Raytheon’s Drone-Destroying Microwave-Energy Weapon History-Making U.S. Military Aircraft, From The B-29 To B-1B Xtra operates both 737-400 and, as for Mrs. Clinton, 737-800 jets. The Democratic nominee made news earlier this year when it was reported that her campaign had spent upwards of $2 million with Executive Fliteways, where her preference was for a Falcon 900B trijet, one of the Long Island-based operator’s large jets. “This is the one place where you do buy time,” Executive Fliteways president John Grillo says of charter travel. Donald Trump made aviation news this year as it was reported that the registration on his Cessna Citation X, tail number N725DT was allowed to lapse. The 1997 airplane had been registered to DJT Operations but ownership shifted to another Trump entity, DT Endeavor I, avoiding a potentially lengthy re-registration process. Trump told The New York Times that re-registration notices for the Citation X were sent to the wrong address. The Trump organization also operates his flagship 757-200 (tail number N757AF, registered to DJT Operations), which was built in 1991. The aircraft was reportedly owned by Paul Allen of Microsoft, and Trump bought it in 2011. Trump has been pictured numerous times with Sikorsky S-76B helicopters bearing his eponymous insignia: a black (tail number N76DT) aircraft built in 1989 and registered to DJT Aerospace, and a white (tail number N76TE) machine built in 1990 and registered to DT Connect. Don't Miss Video Pilot Report: Gulfstream G500 Video: Watch Bombardier’s Global 7000 Go Airborne Honeywell’s Super-Midsize HTF7000 Engine Reporters following Trump are flown in a 737-400, tail number N752MA, built in 1996 and brokered from Miami Air by Kansas City-based Air Charter Team. “We’re the conduit,” says Air Charter Team president Jonathan Tasler, whose company has handled aircraft for both parties’ candidates since 1999: Bush/Cheney, Kerry/Edwards, Obama/Biden and Romney/Ryan. “My father,” Tasler says, “was flying Presidential candidates dating back to Bush/Quayle. “We understand all the campaign issues,” Tasler says. “We’re not beholden to any one plane or operator,” he told ShowNews. Trump running mate and Indiana Governor Mike Pence makes his rounds in a Boeing 737-800 operated by the new Eastern Airlines. The aircraft, tail number N278EA, built in 1998, can accommodate 62 passengers in an all-business layout. According to the Miami Herald, “Air Trump Two” was formerly used by the Florida Panthers hockey team. As for the current incarnation of Eastern, the company has said it intends to eventually launch regularly scheduled flights from U.S. airports. For now, however, the airline is focused on operating charter services to Cuba and destinations in the Caribbean region. Eastern chartered one of its Boeing 737s to Bernie Sanders during his campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination. That aircraft was brokered by Air Charter Team. The barnstorming has all been made possible by the flexibility afforded by private aviation. “We go into many small airports,” says Executive Fliteways’ Grillo. “There are more than 5,000 airports in the country and the airlines only fly into a few hundred of them.” “They have demanding schedules,” he says of the political teams. “Sometimes their days are so long we have to assign another crew. Their demands were always met and that’s the way it is in private aviation.”  Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 4 Anton1 on Nov 8, 2016 Kaine is not flying the Falcon 900 but rather another Xtra 737-400 registered N314XA. Hard to miss the large Clinton-Kaine titles on it! Log In or Register to post comments hotjets on Nov 9, 2016 Trump and Pence fly on American built jets and the Clinton group fly on Airbus aircraft, so......? Log In or Register to post comments mikeBFM on Nov 9, 2016 First of all .. i am glad that Trump won the elections .. he might be able to turn the US and the Wetern Word around and bring it to its former glory. Coming to your comment ... Airbus is not mentioned a single time in the entire article and you are aware that more than 50 percent of an Airbuse's monetary value comes from the US. Airbus even has a final assembly line in the US. Boeing jets like the 787 are mainly build abroad like in Japan and just finally glued togehter in the US .. meaning most value and jobs are generated outside the US. Brand names are not a reflection of nationality anymore. It's just all about the money Log In or Register to post comments Advertisement sdevino@campsys... on Nov 15, 2016 the article says they fly a 737 not an Airbus. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles White House Targets BizAv Depreciation In Fiscal 2014 Budget   White House Targets BizAv Depreciation In Fiscal 2014 Budget   BizAv Leaders Hopeful Elections Bring Certainty To Market   Congress Reauthorizes Ex-Im Bank; One Item Remains   Sustainable Jet Fuels Have Yet To Takeoff 15   NBAA 2016 Coverage Sponsors Full Coverage Advertisement Business & Commercial Aviation The cornerstone of Aviation Week’s business aviation portfolio. Business & Commercial Aviation is the industry’s most reliable "how-to" source for business aviation intelligence.   Two ways to read online: Digital issues – Read online by article Digital edition – Replica of print magazine, posted monthly Login or subscribe for full access Advertisement Connect with ShowNews Email your latest news that you have planned for NBAA and Zhuhai to ShowNews' Editor-In-Chief, John Morris Sign up to receive the ShowNews edition of the Daily Digest newsletter. Interested in advertising? Learn More Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
null
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Companies Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading US Senators ask Treasury to stop sale of Aleris to Chinese aluminium tycoon  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics This Week in Asia US election: Trump v Clinton G20: Hangzhou South China Sea: Hague case Hong Kong bookseller disappearances South China Sea Jake's View A-shares Brexit Sino-Japanese relations Sino-US relations #SoHongKong Xi Jinping's anti-graft campaign China Briefing China: Around The Nation Hongcouver Occupy Central Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Companies COMMODITIES Commodities Commodities US Senators ask Treasury to stop sale of Aleris to Chinese aluminium tycoon PUBLISHED : Thursday, 03 November, 2016, 4:11am UPDATED : Thursday, 03 November, 2016, 4:11am Comments:   Bloomberg Share PrintEmail Related topics Commodities Related Articles United States & Canada Fear of Trump sends gold flying above US$1,300 as investors seek safe haven 3 Nov 2016 Companies MMG marks biggest intraday drop in a year after unveiling HK$4 billion rights issue 2 Nov 2016 Global Economy Goldman Sachs sees oil in low US$40s if OPEC deal fails 2 Nov 2016 The ranking Democrat on the Senate Committee on Finance is spearheading an effort to have the US reject a Chinese aluminium entrepreneur’s purchase of Cleveland-based Aleris Corp. on national security grounds. Oregon’s Ron Wyden and 11 other senators signed a letter addressed to the Treasury Department asking for the US$2.3 billion acquisition announced in August to be reviewed, according to a copy obtained by Bloomberg. Should the Democrats win control of the Senate, Wyden would likely steer the agenda of the committee, which oversees trade. Liu Zhongtian’s Zhongwang USA LLC plans to buy closely held Aleris for $1.11 billion in cash and $1.22 billion in debt, giving one of Asia’s biggest makers of extruded-aluminum products greater access to American and European technology, as well as buyers that include aerospace manufacturers like Boeing Co. and automakers such as Audi. “Chinese entities, including state owned or state controlled enterprises, may have relationships with China’s military, compounding the risk that US technologies will fall into the wrong hands,” the letter, addressed to Treasury Secretary Jack Lew, said. “Aleris’ R&D and technology are critical to current and long-term US economic and national security interests given Aleris’ use of advanced research and modelling techniques, development of high-strength alloys, and design of light armour material with increased ballistic performance,” they wrote. Other signatories include Chuck Schumer, a Democrat from New York; Al Franken, a Democrat from Minnesota; and Rob Portman, a Republican from Ohio. When the deal was announced in August, Aleris Chief Executive Officer Sean Stack said in an interview that the company didn’t anticipate any regulatory hurdles. “We don’t check any of those boxes in terms of the criteria” for a formal inquiry from Treasury’s foreign investment committee, known as CFIUS, Stack said at the time. China Zhongwang Holdings Ltd. could become the world’s second-largest aluminium rolling company should the Aleris acquisition be approved by regulators, Austin, Texas-based Harbor Intelligence wrote in an August 30 research note. Aleris would give Zhongwang a significant footprint in the North American and European flat-rolled products markets, Jorge Vazquez, the managing director of Harbor, said in the note. Zhongwang declined to comment on any CFIUS investigation, saying only that there will be no change to Aleris’ brand, management or business strategy. ChemChina clinches US security approval to buy Swiss seeds giant Syngenta Chinese takeovers have drawn attention from Capitol Hill recently, including China National Chemical Corp.’s $43 billion acquisition of Syngenta AG. I n September, a group of lawmakers, citing investment in the US by China, urged the Government Accountability Office to review whether CFIUS’s authority should be expanded and whether special consideration should be given to acquisitions from state-controlled Chinese buyers. CFIUS, whose members include officials from the Defense, State and Justice Departments, reviews acquisitions of US businesses by foreign buyers. The panel scrutinises deals for any risks to US national security and can impose conditions on transactions or recommend the president block them. Chinese owned Zhongwang USA enters US aluminium market with buy of Aleris The aluminium industry has caught the attention of lawmakers in recent months amid rising concerns that overproduction in China will force US smelters to shut more production, limiting domestic supply to manufacturers. Senator Schumer joined a group of lawmakers last month pushing for a World Trade Organization case against alleged Chinese subsidies of its aluminium industry, while the US industry upped its anti-China drumbeat at a hearing by the US International Trade Commission probe in September. The US is one of the top recipients of Chinese capital, attracting more than $18 billion of foreign direct investment in the first half of 2016, according to Rhodium Group. That’s a threefold increase from the same period last year.   Most Popular Viewed 1 Hong Kong property experts ‘shocked’ at record sale result for Kai Tak area site 2 Outdated fintech regulations hurting Hong Kong, Jack Ma says 3 The next black swan could be fast approaching from a region that few are talking about 4 Zhongwang says it’ll bring jobs stability to Aleris, hits back at US opposition to US$2.3 bln takeover 5 China, Russia join the crowded sky: wide-body planes to cut reliance on Airbus, Boeing Shared 1 Hong Kong property experts ‘shocked’ at record sale result for Kai Tak area site 2 Outdated fintech regulations hurting Hong Kong, Jack Ma says 3 Two-thirds of smartphone users now paying by mobile 4 The next black swan could be fast approaching from a region that few are talking about 5 Zhongwang says it’ll bring jobs stability to Aleris, hits back at US opposition to US$2.3 bln takeover Commented 1 Beijing interpretation on Legislative Council oath taking rattles Hong Kong 2 Mainland paper slams Hong Kong independence advocates in 1,000-word commentary 3 Youngspiration duo increasingly isolated by pan-democratic allies, as antics cause harm and chaos 4 Time to resume talks, Taiwanese president tells the mainland 5 Tesla urges Hong Kong government to keep e-vehicle tax breaks Promotions Order your FREE copy of the MICE BIZ 2016 2H       You may also like China How new Xinjiang party boss became front runner in race to be one of China’s most powerful men 30 Oct 2016 - 11:24pm 2 Shaping up: Home-grown app, Green WALK Hong Kong, is the pick of the mobile apps In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Why bankers and cocaine are best of friends 30 Oct 2016 - 8:46pm 9 American Express corporate payment solutions help businesses drive savings for growth Presented by: American Express Hong Kong Illegal fees, little rest and no documents: domestic helpers in Hong Kong continue to fight for their rights 30 Oct 2016 - 8:07am 21 Hong Kong Should history lessons in schools include details about Hong Kong’s 1967 riots? 30 Oct 2016 - 10:29pm 9 China A billion billion calculations per second: where no computer has gone before 29 Oct 2016 - 8:00am 4 Hong Kong Meet Viveca Chow, Broadway musical star from Hong Kong Oct 28th 2016, 11:57pm World Plane bursts into flame at Chicago airport Oct 29th 2016, 3:45pm China China has world’s most skewed sex ratio at birth – again 27 Oct 2016 - 10:04pm 2 Post Magazine The Asian men who buy sex with Cambodian virgins 28 Oct 2016 - 10:54am 3 Post Magazine With the paedophile-hunters on the streets of Phnom Penh 28 Oct 2016 - 10:55am 1 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2016 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Skip to the navigationchannel.links.navigation.skip.label. Skip to the content. Nation Media Group | Digital Editions | Africa Review | The East African | Daily Nation | NTV | NTV Uganda | Daily Monitor | The Citizen | N-Soko Wednesday November 16,  2016 Corporate News Money & Markets Opinion and Analysis Special Reports Life Downloads Magazines GO Login Username: Password: Submit Not registered?  Click here Forgot your password? Kenya|Africa|World Stocks Seeds of Discord|Enterprise|The Edge|Kenya's Top 100|Top 40 Under 40|Oracle Ideas Society & Success BDLife|Digital Business|Enterprise|Shipping| Home Corporate News Corporate News KQ reveals additional Sh3bn accounting loss from leasing deals Share Bookmark Print Rating A KQ plane at the Jomo Kenyatta International Airport in Nairobi. PHOTO | FILE  By VICTOR JUMA Posted  Wednesday, November 2   2016 at  19:30 In Summary KQ says the losses arise from leasing out aircraft at rentals lower than that charged by the primary lessors. Kenya Airways is set to incur an additional Sh3 billion accounting loss from new aircraft sub-leasing contracts, representing the deficit between what it is earning on the deals and its payments to the primary lessors. SHARE THIS STORY Tweet The national carrier disclosed the new onerous leases in its financial statements for the half-year ended September. These follow the leasing of five Boeing airplanes to Oman Air and Turkish Airlines last year in a deal that left the Nairobi Securities Exchange-listed firm with a Sh4 billion accounting loss in the year ended March. KQ, as the airline is known by its international code, says the losses arise from leasing out aircraft at rentals lower than that charged by the primary lessors. The leases are part of the company’s efforts to cut costs at a time when slow revenue growth and mounting liabilities have kept it in the loss territory. The additional sub-leasing of aircraft involves the same carriers, with Oman Air taking two B787-8s and Turkish Airlines taking three B777-300ERs. This brings the total number of aircrafts seconded to the Muscat-based carrier to four while those sent to the Istanbul-based airline rises to six. The Sh3 billion loss on the new contracts is split into long-term leases which will generate a Sh2.07 billion deficit and short-term leases whose loss stands at Sh980 million. Part of the losses has been realised, with others to filter through over the coming years as the contracts roll on over the medium term. The loss-making contracts represent the heavy cost to shareholders of unwinding of Project Mawingu. READ: KQ half-year loss shrinks to Sh4.8bn on deep cost cuts KQ signed the deals to mitigate even larger losses it would have otherwise incurred from cancelling the contracts at a time when it could not fly the planes profitably itself. The airline has said the contracts would reduce the airline’s fleet costs by an equivalent of Sh8.4 billion annually, indicating that sub-leasing at a loss is a lesser evil compared to maintaining a bloated fleet. Sub-leasing the aircrafts, non-renewal of other leases and sale of several airplanes saw KQ’s fleet drop to 47 units in the year ended March compared to 52 units the year before. The airline plans to further scale back its capacity in the current financial year to cut costs. 1 | 2 Next Page » Latest from Daily Nation: Business Centum's half-year profit grows 7.9pc to Sh2b Imperial clients demand payment of bank deposits Treasury paper investors flock to 364-day bill Shollei and seven others charged afresh with graft Fare cuts raise Uber’s Nairobi client numbers NSE top gainers & losers n-soko About us Contact us Digital Editions Syndication Help Privacy Policy Terms RSS
Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Log In|Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Free E-mail Newsletters World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society The Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving America's Top 50 charities in 2015 ranked by total income Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Book Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing World Global News Blog Is the MH370 disappearance the Titanic of modern times? Latest News Save for later Saved Subscribe Egypt overturns Morsi’s death sentence. What about others on death row? Columbia wrestling: How much of an 'I' is there in a team scandal? Can a crowdfunded telescope find an Earth-like planet? Could bird droppings help curb warming in the Arctic? After two and a half years, the missing Malaysian Airlines flight has attained a sort of mythic status in popular culture.  By Weston Williams, Staff November 2, 2016 Save for later Saved Ministry of Transport Malaysian Senior Accident investigator Aslam Basha Kham (C) talks to other officials inspecting a wing suspected to be a part of missing Malaysia Airlines jet MH370 discovered on the island of Pemba, off the coast of Tanzania, in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania July 15, 2016. Stringer/Reuters/File View Caption About video ads View Caption of Since the Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 (MH370) disappeared in March 2014, the doomed plane has generated headline after headline of speculation about the ultimate fate of the plane, the location of the crash site, and the cause of the tragedy. Every new report and discovery reignites public interest in the ongoing search for the plane. After two and a half years of analysis and guesswork, MH370 has attained a pseudo-legendary status reminiscent of the response to the sinking of the Titanic. The ongoing interest in the plane's disappearance raises moral questions about the mythologizing of real events, particularly ones in which many victims lost their lives. Recommended: How safe is flying? Take the aviation safety quiz When MH370 disappeared from flight radars in 2014, it was hardly the first time a commercial airliner had crashed. But as rescue efforts turned up nothing, the mystery surrounding the disappearance began to mount, fueled by rampant speculation on social media and the news. Test your knowledge How safe is flying? Take the aviation safety quiz Photos of the Day Photos of the Day 11/15 Most recently, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau examined a piece of the Boeing aircraft wing found off the coast of Tanzania and concluded in a report released Wednesday that the plane made an  uncontrolled, steep dive into the ocean. Investigators hope this information will confirm they are searching in the right area for the remains of the craft. The report comes as a team of global experts began a three-day summit in Canberra, Australia to re-examine all the data associated with the hunt for the plane, which vanished during a flight from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8, 2014, with 239 people on board, The Associated Press reports. More than 20 items of debris suspected or confirmed to be from the plane have washed ashore on coastlines throughout the Indian Ocean. But a deep-sea sonar search for the main underwater wreckage has found nothing. Crews are expect to complete their sweep of the 120,000-square kilometer (46,000-square mile) search zone by early next year and officials have said there are no plans to extend the hunt unless new evidence emerges that would pinpoint a specific location of the aircraft. The lost flight evokes tragedies like Sir John Franklin's lost expedition to the North Pole or the disappearance of Amelia Earhart as well as the sinking of the Titanic on its maiden voyage.  Julie Williams, a Titanic historian at at Samford University in Birmingham, Ala., points out that the famous shipwreck prompted avid speculation that led to the mythologizing of the sinking even before the survivors arrived in New York. Dr. Williams is a descendant of one of the surviving passengers, Albert Caldwell. "My great-uncle could buy a Titanic postcard as soon as he arrived on the dock from the rescue ship," she tells The Christian Science Monitor. "It says something about how quickly an entrepreneurial person swept up the idea and took a supposed picture of the Titanic – it was probably actually Olympic, the sister ship with the name painted over it ... But the same thing happened in social media with the Malaysian airliner." Williams draws a parallel between these rapidly-produced commemorative Titanic postcards and the initial response to the MH370 disappearance on sites like Twitter and Facebook. She specifically recalls an "irreverent meme" that compared the missing flight to the characters of the 1960s sitcom, "Gilligan's Island," which also took little heed of the victims or their potentially grieving families. In the days following the plane's disappearance, speculation about what had happened ranged from sober analysis of the available facts to wild conspiracy theories. MH370 became a public sensation, much like the Titanic, with the first fictionalized novella about the disappearance of the plane appearing only three months after the presumed crash. Since then, a number of TV documentaries, more memes, and books have revisited the still-incomplete search for the missing plane. CNN even put the missing flight on a list of history's biggest mysteries along with the Loch Ness Monster and Bigfoot in 2014. In this sense, MH370 seems to have attained a status similar to a modern Titanic, retaining longevity due to just the right combination of social media discussion, occasional intriguing discoveries, and portrayal in the media. "Titanic was supposed to be unsinkable. In this day and age, how can a large plane be un-locatable unfindable, untraceable?" William Nesbitt, a professor of English and chair of the department of humanities at Beacon College, tells the Monitor in an email. "We just can’t fathom how it can disappear and never reappear." Williams says that the desire to unravel the mystery of a tragedy like this is simply human nature, and warns that if it captures the imagination enough, it can become something of a public obsession, fueled by media hoping to retain the public's attention. "There's a sense that maybe we can do something by writing about it," says Williams. "I think we often have that opinion that exposing the truth will solve an error in the future, although it doesn't always." She points out that this some people get wrapped up in the sensationalism of solving a mystery at the expense of respecting the victims, but acknowledges that the attention can help focus attention towards resolving lingering questions in a case like MH370. In this case, the missing flight prompted the UN’s World Radiocommunication Conference to agree last year to allow satellites to receive specialized transmissions that aircraft currently send to other planes and to ground stations. The intent is to use part of the radio spectrum as a global flight tracking system in an effort to prevent any other planes from disappearing from the skies apparently without a trace. "The public eye has more power than most of us realize," says Williams.  Next up Test your knowledge How safe is flying? Take the aviation safety quiz Global News Blog Mystery of flight MH370: Did the pilot chart a course into the Indian Ocean? First Look A new plan for how to track missing airliners What'd we miss? Tell us what angles to cover next. Print/Reprints About these ads Sponsored Content by LockerDome About these ads Monitor's Best: Top 5 The surprising similarities of Trump and Obama on foreign policy Briefing The Trump presidency: What will it change in the Middle East? (+video) Is US trying to defeat ISIS too quickly? How Americans are handling post-election hate Cover Story Why climate change divides us Popular Now First Look Racist Facebook post about Michelle Obama spawns online firestorm First Look 2016 on track to be hottest on record, says UN weather agency First Look Life brewing in Martian 'ice cauldrons'? Maybe, say scientists. Major League Baseball: You’re the umpire. How well do you know the rules? The surprising similarities of Trump and Obama on foreign policy   Could you pass a US citizenship test? Find out.   SUBSCRIBE About these ads Make a Difference Inspired? Here are some ways to make a difference on this issue. TAKE ACTION FREE Newsletters Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Daily The Weekender BizTech Change Agent Science Books Politics Food Commentary C.S.Perspective   About these ads We want to hear, did we miss an angle we should have covered? Should we come back to this topic? Or just give us a rating for this story. We want to hear from you. Your name: Your e-mail address: Your comment: Loading... Loading... Loading... Global Galleries Photos of the Day 11/15 Latest News Egypt overturns Morsi’s death sentence. What about others on death row? Doing Good How one of Gen. George Patton’s grandsons helps vets with PTSD Movies 'American Pastoral' is grueling and thin Movies 'Before the Flood' lays out the case for climate reform with steadfast rigor Movies 'The Accountant' has confusing twists Science Scientists paint a more nuanced picture of the gorilla genome Science Did Exxon Mobil mislead the public about global warming? Science Did 'hobbit' people go extinct earlier than we thought? Science Desert mangroves: stars of carbon sequestration Science Siberian 'unicorn' lived for much longer than we thought Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. Save for later Save Cancel Saved ( of items) This item has been saved to read later from any device. Access saved items through your user name at the top of the page. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You reached the limit of 20 saved items. Please visit following link to manage you saved items. View Saved Items OK Failed to save You have already saved this item. View Saved Items OK
null
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧World News Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / World News Thu, Nov 03, 2016 - Page 6　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Flight MH370 plunged rapidly, report says AFP, SYDNEY Missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 appeared to be out of control when it plunged into the ocean, with the wing flaps not prepared for a landing, a new report said yesterday. The report by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau found that the plane’s final satellite communications were “consistent with the aircraft being in a high and increasing rate of descent” when it vanished. Analysis of the right outboard flap — which was found off Tanzania — showed that it was “most likely in the retracted position at the time it separated from the wing,” suggesting the plane was not configured for landing before it smashed into the ocean. The bureau noted that the width of the defined search area was appropriate “to encompass all uncontrolled descent scenarios from the simulations.” “This report contains important new information on what we believe happened at the end of MH370’s flight,” Australian Minister for Infrastructure and Transport Darren Chester said at the start of a three-day meeting in Canberra where experts are to plan the final stages of the search. The Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8, 2014, carrying 239 passengers and crew. Despite a massive underwater hunt far off Western Australia’s coast, no trace of the jet has been found. However, investigators have confirmed that three pieces of debris recovered along western Indian Ocean shorelines came from MH370. More than 110,000km2 of a 120,000km2 search arc have been scoured so far and the operation is due to wrap up early next year. The findings of the new report, which analyzed satellite data, end-of-flight simulations, recovered sections of the plane and debris drift modeling, confirm extensive testing by US manufacturer Boeing and the Australian Department of Defence. Experts at the meeting are to “review all the available data and analysis associated with the search to date,” Chester said in a statement. Their findings are to “inform the remainder of the search effort and develop guidance for any future search operations,” he said. “There are currently more than 20 items of debris of interest to the investigation team which have been located on the coasts of Africa, Madagascar, the island of Mauritius, Reunion and Rodrigues.” Ongoing drift analysis also suggested the search was in the right place, the report said, noting it was “unlikely debris originated south of the current search area.” “The northernmost regions were also found to be less likely,” it added. The governments of Australia, Malaysia and China, where most of the passengers were from, this year agreed to pull the plug on the operation once the search area is fully scoured unless “credible new information” emerges. This story has been viewed 1019 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-09 to 2016-11-16 Most read Most e-mailed 1 EDITORIAL: What Trump means for Taiwan 2 HK lawyers march against NPC ruling 3 Trump triumphs 4 US ELECTION: Taiwanese experts weigh in on Trump 5 China blocks NGO chairman from UN MORE  1 Trump triumphs 2 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 3 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 4 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 5 China blocks NGO chairman from UN MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧Business Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / Business Thu, Nov 03, 2016 - Page 11　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Taiwan Business Quick Take Staff writer, with CNA TRANSPORTATION Ministries mull EV tax The Ministry of Finance yesterday refused to say whether it would continue to exempt electric vehicles (EVs) from a sales levy next year, adding that the Ministry of Economic Affairs was drafting a bill on the industry’s development. The finance ministry has exempted EVs from the tax to help boost sales, but the measure is to expire in January. The finance ministry said it would take cues from the economic ministry on the issue. Without the exemption, people would be required to pay NT$6,000 more to buy an electric scooter and an additional NT$400,000 to buy an electric car, local media said. AIRLINES Chicago service launched EVA Airways (長榮航空) yesterday launched direct flights between Taipei and Chicago in a bid to extend its reach in the North American market. EVA said it would operate four round-trip flights per week using one of its latest-model Boeing Co 777-300ER aircraft configured for 333 passengers. EVA, which has more flights and seat capacity between North America and Taiwan than any other airline, said it hopes to elevate its market presence through the new service to the US city, which attracts more than 40 million travelers per year. With more direct flight destinations, EVA can offer greater flexibility, especially for transit passengers, who can now extend their journeys to and from Southeast Asia, EVA chairman Lin Pao-shui (林寶水) said at a ceremony to mark the maiden flight. With the launch of the new route, EVA operates 77 flights per week between Taiwan and destinations in North America, including Chicago, Seattle, New York, San Francisco, Los Angeles, Houston, Toronto and Vancouver. There are also to be extra flights on the Taipei-Seattle route from Dec. 8, increasing the number of weekly services from seven to 10 and the total number of flights between Taiwan and North America to 80, Lin added. ELECTRONICS FTC approves Epson deal The Fair Trade Commission (FTC) yesterday approved Epson Taiwan Technology & Trading Ltd’s (臺灣愛普生) planned acquisition of repair and maintenance company TekCare Corp (捷修網). The commission said that after consulting local repair and maintenance service providers, it decided that the deal would not monopolize the market. Epson Taiwan subsidiary epMall Co Ltd (愛普網) is to increase its stake in TekCare from 30 percent to 100 percent via the deal, the commission said. DISPLAYMAKERS Giantplus net income falls Flat-panel maker Giantplus Technology Co (凌巨科技) yesterday reported a significant decline in net income for last quarter due to the rising cost of new product development. The company’s net profit last quarter dropped significantly to NT$27.76 million (US$879,483), compared with NT$346.78 million in the same period last year. The result also marked a plunge from the previous quarter’s NT$205.87 million, the firm’s filing with the Taiwan Stock Exchange showed. The earnings result marked the firm’s worst performance in the past six quarters. Giantplus attributed the decline to costs associated with new products and currency exchange losses. The firm’s combined net profit in the first three quarters of this year totaled NT$364.46 million, up 4.58 percent from NT$348.47 million in the same period last year, the filing showed. This story has been viewed 1700 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-09 to 2016-11-16 Most read Most e-mailed 1 EDITORIAL: What Trump means for Taiwan 2 HK lawyers march against NPC ruling 3 Trump triumphs 4 US ELECTION: Taiwanese experts weigh in on Trump 5 China blocks NGO chairman from UN MORE  1 Trump triumphs 2 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 3 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 4 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 5 China blocks NGO chairman from UN MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Get together in our chat room: The Pub Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Iraqi’s Mosul advance pauses in east, gains in south Heavy spraying here in south central Missouri for the past several days. → Russia & China reveal their alternative to Airbus & Boeing Posted on November 2, 2016 by Sunfire RT A mock-up of a wide-body passenger aircraft jointly being developed by Moscow and Beijing has been presented at Airshow China. The new plane is expected to challenge the Airbus-Boeing duopoly. Manufacturers Russia’s United Aircraft Corporation and Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) have announced the start of the search for suppliers. They didn’t provide any details on financing or technical specification.   “We will choose suppliers who have rich experience in development, whose products are competitive globally, and who can continually guarantee quality from the development stage until the planes go into operation,” Guo Bozhi, general manager of COMAC’s wide-body department told Reuters. US firms Honeywell and United Technologies Corporation have reportedly discussed the jet with COMAC officials at the air show. The Russia-China joint venture will start this year, according to Guo. The firms plan a maiden flight in 2022 and deliveries to begin in 2025 or later. “A wide-body jet is an extremely complicated product, which will require a lot of skills (to develop) and require broad industrial knowledge,” Guo told reporters. “China and Russia each have their own advantages.” The memorandum on the creation of a new airliner was signed in 2014 during President Vladimir Putin’s visit to China. It is part of a $13 billion aviation cooperation deal. The basic version of the aircraft will have 250-280 seats and a range of 12,000 kilometers. The plane will be developed in Russia and assembled in China. It will be based on the Russian-designed IL-96, and will have two engines instead of four. Russian Deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin said in June the construction of a heavy-lift aircraft engine for the plane has already started. https://www.rt.com/business/365106-russia-china-joint-jet/ Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket Related This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 629 ← Iraqi’s Mosul advance pauses in east, gains in south Heavy spraying here in south central Missouri for the past several days. → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Security Question: What is 11 + 14 ? Please leave these two fields as-is: IMPORTANT! To be able to proceed, you need to solve the following simple math (so we know that you are a human) :-) Doom and Bloom The Distillery Network E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Rick on Knob Creek Gun Show 2016 – Night View from Drone # 1 NWO Hatr on US Students Leave Schools To Join Anti-Trump Protests # 1 NWO Hatr on Report: Cities Boost Policies to Criminalize Homelessness BMF on ‘Nazi grandma’ jailed for third time for denying Holocaust of six million Jews tc on George Soros LIVES AT 136 CANTITOE ST IN KATONAH NY. Cynicles on Report: Cities Boost Policies to Criminalize Homelessness RIGHT REVERAND POPE JEREMIAH GOLDSTIEN on George Soros LIVES AT 136 CANTITOE ST IN KATONAH NY. j.g. on George Soros LIVES AT 136 CANTITOE ST IN KATONAH NY. koyote on Obama warns against ‘a crude sort of nationalism’ taking root in the U.S. Misty on George Soros LIVES AT 136 CANTITOE ST IN KATONAH NY. Katie on Illegals demand Obama issue mass pardons, last-ditch effort to stop Trump deportations Katie on The Word From the Trenches – November 15, 2016 Kantucky on Pawns in the Game – by William Guy Carr Henry Shivley on The Word From the Trenches – November 15, 2016 Millard on ‘Nazi grandma’ jailed for third time for denying Holocaust of six million Jews Henry Shivley on Illegals demand Obama issue mass pardons, last-ditch effort to stop Trump deportations Katie on Pawns in the Game – by William Guy Carr # 1 NWO Hatr on The Word From the Trenches – November 15, 2016 Ragnarok on ‘Nazi grandma’ jailed for third time for denying Holocaust of six million Jews Katie on ‘Nazi grandma’ jailed for third time for denying Holocaust of six million Jews Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2016 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe China Aluminum Magnate Hits U.S. Senate Hurdle Over Aleris Joe Deaux JoeDeaux November 2, 2016 — 10:55 AM EDT Updated on November 2, 2016 — 12:29 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp China Zhongwang announced $2.3b deal to buy Aleris in August Wyden, Portman among signatories of Treasury Secretary letter Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp The ranking Democrat on the Senate Committee on Finance is spearheading an effort to have the U.S. reject a Chinese aluminum entrepreneur’s purchase of Cleveland-based Aleris Corp. on national security grounds. Oregon’s Ron Wyden and 11 other senators signed a letter addressed to the Treasury Department asking for the $2.3 billion acquisition announced in August to be reviewed, according to a copy obtained by Bloomberg. Should the Democrats win control of the Senate, Wyden would likely steer the agenda of the committee, which oversees trade. Liu Zhongtian’s Zhongwang USA LLC plans to buy closely held Aleris for $1.11 billion in cash and $1.22 billion in debt, giving one of Asia’s biggest makers of extruded-aluminum products greater access to American and European technology, as well as buyers that include aerospace manufacturers like Boeing Co. and automakers such as Audi. “Chinese entities, including state owned or state controlled enterprises, may have relationships with China’s military, compounding the risk that U.S. technologies will fall into the wrong hands,” the letter, addressed to Treasury Secretary Jack Lew, said. “Aleris’ R&D and technology are critical to current and long-term U.S. economic and national security interests given Aleris’ use of advanced research and modeling techniques, development of high-strength alloys, and design of light armor material with increased ballistic performance,” they wrote. Other signatories include Chuck Schumer, a Democrat from New York; Al Franken, a Democrat from Minnesota; and Rob Portman, a Republican from Ohio. Significant Footprint When the deal was announced in August, Aleris Chief Executive Officer Sean Stack said in an interview that the company didn’t anticipate any regulatory hurdles.  “We don’t check any of those boxes in terms of the criteria” for a formal inquiry from Treasury’s foreign investment committee, known as CFIUS, Stack said at the time. China Zhongwang Holdings Ltd. could become the world’s second-largest aluminum rolling company should the Aleris acquisition be approved by regulators, Austin, Texas-based Harbor Intelligence wrote in an Aug. 30 research note. Aleris would give Zhongwang a significant footprint in the North American and European flat-rolled products markets, Jorge Vazquez, the managing director of Harbor, said in the note. Zhongwang declined to comment on any CFIUS investigation, saying only that there will be no change to Aleris’ brand, management or business strategy. Deal Scrutiny Chinese takeovers have drawn attention from Capitol Hill recently, including China National Chemical Corp.’s $43 billion acquisition of Syngenta AG. In September, a group of lawmakers, citing investment in the U.S. by China, urged the Government Accountability Office to review whether CFIUS’s authority should be expanded and whether special consideration should be given to acquisitions from state-controlled Chinese buyers. CFIUS, whose members include officials from the Defense, State and Justice Departments, reviews acquisitions of U.S. businesses by foreign buyers. The panel scrutinizes deals for any risks to U.S. national security and can impose conditions on transactions or recommend the president block them. The aluminum industry has caught the attention of lawmakers in recent months amid rising concerns that overproduction in China will force U.S. smelters to shut more production, limiting domestic supply to manufacturers. Senator Schumer joined a group of lawmakers last month pushing for a World Trade Organization case against alleged Chinese subsidies of its aluminum industry, while the U.S. industry upped its anti-China drumbeat at a hearing by the U.S. International Trade Commission probe in September. The U.S. is one of the the top recipients of Chinese capital, attracting more than $18 billion of foreign direct investment in the first half of 2016, according to Rhodium Group. That’s a threefold increase from the same period last year. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE China U.S. Senate China Zhongwang Holdings Ltd National Security Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Facebook Twitter RSS Navigate Home News Opinion Regions World Sports Business Special Features SPECIAL REPORTS The Sunday Times You are at:Home»News»World»Malaysia’s missing MH370 plunged rapidly: new report Malaysia’s missing MH370 plunged rapidly: new report 0 By AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE on November 2, 2016 World Tweet SYDNEY: Missing Malaysian Air flight MH370 appeared to be out of control when it plunged into the ocean, with the wing flaps not prepared for landing, a new report said Wednesday. The report by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau found the plane’s final satellite communications were “consistent with the aircraft being in a high and increasing rate of descent” when it vanished. Analysis of the right outboard flap — which was found off Tanzania — showed it was “most likely in the retracted position at the time it separated from the wing”, suggesting the plane was not configured for landing before it smashed into the ocean. The bureau noted that the width of the defined search area was appropriate “to encompass all uncontrolled descent scenarios from the simulations”. “This report contains important new information on what we believe happened at the end of MH370’s flight,” Australia’s transport minister, Darren Chester, said at the start of a three-day meeting in Canberra where experts will plan the final stages of the search. The Boeing 777 aircraft disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8, 2014 carrying 239 passengers and crew. Despite a massive underwater hunt far off Western Australia’s coast, no trace of the jet has been found. Investigators have, however, confirmed that three pieces of debris recovered along western Indian Ocean shorelines came from MH370. More than 110,000 square kilometers of a 120,000-square-kilometer search arc have been scoured so far and the operation is due to wrap up in early 2017. The findings of the ATSB’s new report, which analyzed satellite data, end-of-flight simulations, recovered sections of the plane and debris drift modeling, confirm extensive testing by US manufacturer Boeing and the Australian defense department. Experts at the meeting will “review all the available data and analysis associated with the search to date”, Chester said in a statement. Their findings will “inform the remainder of the search effort, and develop guidance for any future search operations.” “There are currently more than 20 items of debris of interest to the investigation team which have been located on the coasts of Africa, Madagascar, the island of Mauritius, Reunion and Rodrigues,” he added. The governments of Australia, Malaysia and China, where most of the passengers were from, this year agreed to pull the plug on the operation once the search area was fully scoured unless “credible new information” emerged. AFP Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email loading... Leave A Reply Cancel Reply you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment Contact Info Address: 2/F Sitio Grande Building 409 A. Soriano Avenue, Intramuros Manila 1020 Philippines Tel. : +63 (02) 524 5664 up to 67 Fax: +63 (02) 528-1729 Email: newsdesk@manilatimes.net opinion@manilatimes.net Copyright © 2010-2016 The Manila Times - All Rights Reserved. Archives Advertise Contact Us About Us
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Federal Reserve, China, YouTube: Business news in brief Wednesday 2 November Will US raise interest rates before Trump v Clinton?; China needs $1 trillion of aeroplanes; Germany finally opens music streaming market Ben Chapman Wednesday 2 November 2016 13:32 BST Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump speaks at a rally, in Las Vegas in a Sunday, 30 October, 2016, file photo AP As election looms, divided US Fed begins meet on rates A divided US Federal Reserve began a two-day meeting on interest rate policy yesterday, as bitterly contested US elections loomed large on the horizon. Most observers and market players do not expect the Federal Open Market Committee, the Fed’s monetary policy board, to announce a rate hike when the meeting lets out on Wednesday afternoon, despite some recent signs of improving health in the world's largest economy. Instead, the Fed may use the occasion to put the public on notice to expect a rate hike in December – though even that is far from guaranteed. Fed Chair Janet Yellen in recent months has signaled that the case for raising rates has grown stronger. But the FOMC does not appear to be under pressure to act immediately. Raising rates so close to an election, which could invite needless political controversy, is also rare for the Fed, which has done so only once since the 1980s. Researchers say, however, that there is little evidence the FOMC acts based on the US political calendar. AFP China aircraft market to hit nearly $1trn in 20 years: Airbus Flight attendants at China International Aviation & Aeropsace Exhibition - the country is expected to bu around $1trn of aeroplanes over the next 20 years (Reuters) China will need nearly 6,000 aircraft worth $945bn (£773bn) over the next two decades, aerospace giant Airbus said on Tuesday at the Zhuhai air show. At that point China will be the world's number one source of air traffic and its top aircraft market, it said in its 2016-2035 Global Market Forecast. “Domestic passenger traffic in mainland China has quadrupled over the last 10 years, and is set to become the world's number one aviation market,” said John Leahy, Airbus chief operating officer. “In the next 20 years, the greatest demand for passenger aircraft will come from China.” China accounts for nearly a quarter of the European aircraft maker's deliveries, with 158 delivered to China last year. It is currently the second-largest aviation market after the US. Air travel is booming in the world's second-largest economy, as its burgeoning middle class spends more on travel, with overall air traffic growth of over 500 per cent from 2000 to 2014, Airbus said. Despite slowing economic expansion and a challenging transition to a consumer economy, China's market for international air travel is predicted to average 6.7 per cent annual growth for the next 20 years, it added. Airbus is locked in close competition with Boeing for China market share, with Airbus planes accounting for slightly less than half of the country's fleets. AFP German YouTube alive with sound of music after copyright deal One of the world's most restrictive countries on access to music videos opened up on Tuesday as YouTube announced a deal with musicians' body Gema to pay when people stream music in Germany. YouTube users in the country had for years been confronted with a red sad-face emoticon and messages announcing “this video is not available in Germany” when trying to view videos ranging from the latest pop clips to films with GEMA-controlled background music. Now the blockages should largely be a thing of the past. “Hell has frozen over!” wrote one Twitter user in response to the news. “Listen to all the music!” said another. Tuesday's deal will see YouTube pay an undisclosed amount for music belonging to the roughly 70,000 German artists represented by Gema – as well as many international artists – each time their songs are played. “Authors, composers and music publishers will be paid fairly,” YouTube executive Christophe Muller said in a statement. AFP Sony profit dives on strong yen, unit sale (Reuters) Japan's Sony said on Tuesday its first-half net profit dived as it was hit by a sharp rally in the yen's value and losses linked to the sale of its battery business. The electronics giant, which has been shedding assets as part of a broad restructuring, reported a 26bn yen (£203m) net profit in the six months through September, down nearly 78 per cent from a year earlier. Revenue in the first half of Sony's fiscal year fell more than 10 per cent to 3.3 trillion yen “primarily due to the impact of foreign exchange rates”, Sony said. Sales in Sony's mobile communications business slumped, while profitability in its memory chip and components businesses also suffered. That partly offset strong demand for games on its hugely popular PlayStation 4 game console. Last month Sony launched its new virtual reality headset, the PlayStation Virtual Reality (PSVR), in Japan and North America, joining Facebook, Samsung and Google in a market that analysts say could boost the global gaming sector. Tuesday's first-half results came a day after Sony warned that it now expected a net profit of 60bn yen in the year through March 2017, down by a quarter from an earlier forecast. AFP Go-Ahead sticks to outlook despite Southern strike chaos British bus and train operator Go-Ahead said it was on track to post annual results in line with its expectations despite being hit by strikes on its Southern rail contract. The Southern network is part of Govia Thameslink Railway, which is 65 per cent owned by Go-Ahead alongside France's Keolis. It has faced widespread criticism from passengers, politicians and the media after months of strikes, cancellations and delays on trains into London. Go-Ahead said on Tuesday that aside from its GTR contract, its rail and bus operations traded strongly in the July to October period. Strikes during the period, most recently in October with more due in November, dragged on margins at the company's struggling GTR franchise, said Go-Ahead, but its expectations for the network's performance over the seven-year contract remained the same. Reuters Saudi minister hails ‘bold’ deal with Japan's SoftBank Saudi energy minister, Khaled al-Falih (Reuters) The Saudi energy minister said on Tuesday that a multi-billion-dollar technology investment fund the kingdom is developing in partnership with Japan's SoftBank showed its determination to diversify its economy. Khaled al-Falih told an international forum that the proposed new fund “is simply one indication of this determination and the bold steps being taken” to reorient the economy of the world's biggest oil exporter. Since 2014, global oil prices have collapsed by about half, accelerating Saudi efforts to move away from petroleum, which still accounts for the bulk of government income. Falih told the KAPSARC Energy Dialogue that in the past the kingdom had not implemented diversification policies “as efficiently as we should have”. Vision 2030 - a wide-ranging plan released in April - was a “proactive response” to build a diversified economy led by the private sector and with international investments providing alternative revenue sources, he said. AFP Pfizer profit just misses; company scraps cholesterol drug (Getty) Pfizer, the largest US drugmaker, reported a quarterly adjusted profit that just missed analysts' estimates, and the company shaved 4 cents off its 2016 earnings forecast after scrapping development of a cholesterol-lowering treatment. The drugmaker earned 61 cents per share in the third quarter, excluding special items, missing the average analyst estimate by 1 cent, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Pfizer's new breast cancer treatment, Ibrance, generated sales of $550m (£450m), missing the consensus forecast of $576m (£471m) compiled by Evercore ISI. Pfizer also said on Tuesday it was abandoning the development of its cholestrol-lowering drug, bococizumab, citing an “evolving treatment landscape”. Reuters Standard Chartered profits not yet acceptable, says boss as earnings disappoint (GETTY IMAGES) Standard Chartered boss Bill Winters has admitted the bank's profits are “not yet acceptable” as it posted worse-than-expected earnings. The Asian-focused bank, which is listed in London, saw shares slump by more than 7 per cent at one stage after it reported third quarter underlying profits of $458m (£374m). This marked an improvement from losses of $139m (£113.5m) a year earlier, but left investors disappointed as it fell short of City forecasts. Standard also revealed fresh compliance woes after confirming that Hong Kong’s financial regulator planned to take action against the bank over its role as a joint sponsor of an initial public offering in 2009. AP More about: Brexit China Sony Southern Rail Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Airlines / Aviation Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport You are here: ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 04:05 PM | 15 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,305-514.19 NIFTY 50 8,108-187.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,317-290.00 USD/INR 67.750.50 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Jet Airways facing acute shortage of pilots? By PTI | Updated: Nov 02, 2016, 06.50 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Naresh Goyal | Mumbai | Jet Airways | Indigo | hyderabad | flight crew | Delhi A number of Jet Airways flights have got delayed in the recent past as the airline has failed to provide pilots due to paucity of the flight crew, they said. RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Jet Airways x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ NEW DELHI: Naresh Goyal-owned Jet Airways is facing acute shortage of pilots amid the airline increasing its capacity in the fast growing domestic market, according to sources. A number of Jet Airways flights have got delayed in the recent past as the airline has failed to provide pilots due to paucity of the flight crew, they said. The Mumbai-headquartered full service carrier is second largest airline in terms of number of domestic operations after no-frills IndiGo. As part of the winter schedule, which is effective from late last month, Jet Airways plans to operate 3,010 flights per week while its subsidiary JetLite 507 flights per week. "Jet Airways is facing shortage of pilots for quite some time now. While the airline has been increasing the number of flights in its both winter and summer schedules each year, the number of pilots is not increasing in the same ratio, leading to shortage of flight crew," a source said. Jet Airways requires at least 200 more pilots to carry out its operations in a seamless manner, the source said, adding "shortage is more in narrow body, Boeing 737 fleet." The airline currently has around 1,200 pilots to operate its fleet of 102 aircraft comprising Boeing 777s, B737s, Airbus A330s and ATRs. Almost two-thirds of its fleet consists of B737s. Response to queries sent to Jet Airways in this regard was awaited. Significantly, as many as 18 per cent of Jet Airways flights from four metro airports -- Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Bengaluru -- failed to either arrive or depart on time in September. A major chunk of its flights are from its two hubs - Mumbai and New Delhi. Bollywood star Abhishek Bachchan had hit out at the airline after his flight to Chennai from Mumbai last week was allegedly delayed due to non-availability of flight crew. "Flying to Chennai. Baggage, check. Board flight on time, check. Seat belt fastened, check. Only thing we need now are our pilots!!...Well done Jet Airways!!! Entire plane boarded without any pilots on board. Still waiting and hoping...," he had said in a series of tweets over the nearly none-and-half- hour delay of his flight. For the last almost two years, India has been the fastest growing air traffic market in the world. In September, the domestic air passenger traffic registered a robust growth of about 23 per cent as compared the same period last year. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB 10 people most affected by Modi’s anti-corruption campaign CRITICSUNION Top 10 highest paying jobs in USA 2016 Viral Gallery Help save this baby who is on ventilator! Milaap MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Consumer & Legal Cash crunch if lasts long can hit firms' Q3 results: CII Sponsored Slideshows From Around the Web More from The Economic Times This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi I Stopped Paying for "Pink Razors" and Joined Dollar Shave.. Dollar Shave Club Maryland’s Mega-House Will Leave You In Awe. Who Owns It.. Now Buzz Donald Trump's immigration plan may help Indians in US Tsunami hits New Zealand after powerful 7.8 earthquake US joining AIIB under Donald Trump would be "good": China Putin, Trump speak by phone, agree to work to improve ties READ MORE ON » Naresh Goyal | Mumbai | Jet Airways | Indigo | hyderabad | flight crew | Delhi Follow this section for latest news on Airlines / Aviation EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Rail tickets of Rs 5,000 or more booked between November 16-24 won't be refunded in cash Demonetisation: Banks say queues are getting shorter, but still a long wait for some Tata Motors faces a tough situation with its ill-fated small car Nano: to continue or ditch it Demonetisation: Interest rates in grey market for loans drop to 5% from 30% Diet Pepsi is a toilet cleaner, throw them out: Baba Ramdev More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSensex, Nifty Live Blog|Gold Rate US Presidential Elections Live Updates|Festival Guide 2016 ​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones|Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK RBI Rate Cut  Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Press Esc to close Wednesday 16 November 2016 News updated at 2:37 AM IST Archives Weather Max: 30.1°C Min : 20.4°C In Bengaluru Sunny day  Home   News   District   City   Point Blank - Bengaluru   State   National   International   New Delhi   Metrolife   Metro   Region   Business   Business Matters   DH Wheels   Supplements   Sunday   Sportscene   Sunday Herald   Travel   Articulations   Books   Art & Culture   Entertainment   Monday   Cyber Space   Family Finance   Economy & Business   Art Review   Metrolife   Tuesday   Spectrum   Science & Technology   Environment   Metrolife   Wednesday   Metrolife   Thursday   Metrolife   DH Education   Friday   Homes & Interiors   Metrolife   Saturday   Movie Review   She   Living   Metrolife   Sports   Entertainment   Videos   Opinion   Edits   First Edit   Second Edit   Main Article   In Perspective   Net mail   Right in the Middle   Columns   Oasis   Analysis   Panorama   Special Features   Sunday Spotlight   ePaper    18-20 people died in queues and PM was laughing: Rahul      Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre      Modi protecting his 'corporate friends': Kejriwal      Demonetisation a crusade against corruption & black money: PM      Govt decides to declare Zakir Naik's NGO outlawed body for 5 years      Demonetisation: Shiv Sena to join Mamata in Parliament      Swaraj undergoing treatment for kidney ailment at AIIMS      Mistry removed as TGBL chairman; calls move as 'illegal'      Banks may hire retired staff to deal with cash rush: FinMin      Demonetisation drive: Parliament set to witness furore      In a first, CRPF deploys women commandos for anti-Naxal ops      Kharif farmers hit after RBI ban on DCC banks over old notes      Right hand to be inked for old currency exchange      Pak can't be bullied, capable of defending itself: Sharif      Mistry rebuts Tata Sons charges; lists high jet, PR costs      Scramble for cash continues on day 7, man dies in queue      Direct Centre to withdraw demonetisation: Kejriwal urges Prez      India, Israel to intensify defence, anti-terror cooperation      China's first aircraft carrier 'combat ready': Official      Modi govt has turned people into beggars: Mamata      Vodafone doubles losses on India write-down, hit by RJio entry      Panama Leak: Qatari prince comes to rescue of embattled Sharif      India's NSG bid: China still stiff on its stand      Demonetisation: Prachanda dials Modi, seeks help      Sheila Dikshit's son-in-law sent to 2-day police custody      SC refuses to stay Govt's demonetisation notification      Congress chalks out strategy for winter session      WPI inflation dips to 3.39% in Oct as food prices soften      PM's nonagenarian mother goes to bank to exchange old notes      Indelible ink to check syndicates: Govt on currency woes      Employees are scared for their safety after Trump's win: Nooyi      Cash crunch: No respite from long queues at banks, ATMs      'Trump, Putin agree to work together to mend ties'      Russia detains economy minister for $2 mln bribe over Rosneft deal      Sensex at 6-mth low, bleeds 514 pts on fund outflows      'Ape in heels': Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash      Online freedom hit by pressure on social media, apps      World looks up to gaze at extra bright 'supermoon'     You are here: Home » Business » Jet Airways facing acute shortage of pilots? Jet Airways facing acute shortage of pilots? New Delhi, Nov 2, 2016, (PTI) Naresh Goyal-owned Jet Airways is facing acute shortage of pilots amid the airline increasing its capacity in the fast growing domestic market, according to sources. A number of Jet Airways flights have got delayed in the recent past as the airline has failed to provide pilots due to paucity of the flight crew, they said. The Mumbai-headquartered full service carrier is second largest airline in terms of number of domestic operations after no-frills IndiGo. As part of the winter schedule, which is effective from late last month, Jet Airways plans to operate 3,010 flights per week while its subsidiary JetLite 507 flights per week. "Jet Airways is facing shortage of pilots for quite some time now. While the airline has been increasing the number of flights in its both winter and summer schedules each year, the number of pilots is not increasing in the same ratio, leading to shortage of flight crew," a source said. Jet Airways requires at least 200 more pilots to carry out its operations in a seamless manner, the source said, adding "shortage is more in narrow body, Boeing 737 fleet." The airline currently has around 1,200 pilots to operate its fleet of 102 aircraft comprising Boeing 777s, B737s, Airbus A330s and ATRs. Almost two-thirds of its fleet consists of B737s. Response to queries sent to Jet Airways in this regard was awaited. Significantly, as many as 18 per cent of Jet Airways flights from four metro airports -- Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Bengaluru -- failed to either arrive or depart on time in September. A major chunk of its flights are from its two hubs - Mumbai and New Delhi. Bollywood star Abhishek Bachchan had hit out at the airline after his flight to Chennai from Mumbai last week was allegedly delayed due to non-availability of flight crew. "Flying to Chennai. Baggage, check. Board flight on time, check. Seat belt fastened, check. Only thing we need now are our pilots!!...Well done Jet Airways!!! Entire plane boarded without any pilots on board. Still waiting and hoping...," he had said in a series of tweets over the nearly none-and-half- hour delay of his flight. For the last almost two years, India has been the fastest growing air traffic market in the world. In September, the domestic air passenger traffic registered a robust growth of about 23 per cent as compared the same period last year.  Go to Top Tweet Videos Demonetisation effect: Church comes to public's rescue,... Israel President receives ceremonial reception at Rashtrapati... Watch: PM Modi's mother waits in queue,... People talk: cash rush Subscribe - Deccan Herald's YouTube channel more videos Most Popular Stories now Commented Emailed Viewed Will carry on fight against black money: PM Modi Modi hits out at Congress on opposition to demonetisation Note ban has led to 'financial chaos', say bank unions Demonetisation a scam, select few informed earlier: Kejriwal Demonetisation: PM takes on Opposition, says the poor are with him Demonetisation: Shiv Sena to join Mamata in Parliament Thousands take to streets across US to protest Trump victory The matchmakers 'Ape in heels': Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash Blood test may identify alcohol disorders in foetus: study Pensions for private employees More women sexually active even after 70: study Oxford University marks Cornelia Sorabji 150th birth anniversary So subterranean SC refuses to stay Govt's demonetisation notification 'Ape in heels': Racist post about Michelle Obama causes backlash Indelible ink to check syndicates: Govt on currency woes Melania to be 1st foreign-born US First Lady since 1820s Demonetisation: Prachanda dials Modi, seeks help Employees are scared for their safety after Trump's win: Nooyi Jackie Chan wins Oscar after 56 years in film industry Photo Gallery Priests along with devotees perform Maha Arti of Ganga on the occasion of 'Dev Diwali'at Sangam... Fireworks over illuminated Golden temple on the occasion of 548th birth anniversary of Guru Nanak... Casey Affleck, right, a cast member in 'Manchester by the Sea,' fixes the tie of his brother... Artists perform during the 49th state level police games at Dharamsala on Tuesday... Supermoon seen over the sky near Marina Beach in Chennai on Monday... RAF men light candles on the occasion of 'Dev Diwali' at Sangam in Allahabad on Monday... Partially obscured by clouds, a full moon rises behind the monument of Christ of Havana in Havana... CRPF deploys woman commandos in anti-Naxal operation for the first time in Ranchi, Jharkhand... The supermoon rises over Russia's Soyuz-FG booster rocket with the Soyuz MS-03 space ship that... Rajasthani artists showing Rs 2000 notes after exchanging their old notes in Bikaner... more About Us | News | Business | Sports | Supplements | Contact Us | Subscribe | Privacy Policy Copyright 2014, The Printers (Mysore) Private Ltd., 75, M.G Road, Post Box 5331, Bengaluru - 560001 Tel: +91 (80) 25880000 Fax No. +91 (80) 25880523
News Election 2016 Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news US election Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Travel News & Advice Frankfurt Airport opens up to no-frills flights as Ryanair moves in The airline will fly daily to four Iberian airports Simon Calder Travel Correspondent @SimonCalder Wednesday 2 November 2016 12:15 BST The first budget flights from Frankfurt will take off next March Getty Images The last of Europe’s major hub airports to remain the preserve of “legacy” airlines is finally to open up to the low-cost giants. Frankfurt, the third-busiest airport in the EU after Heathrow and Paris Charles de Gaulle, has long been a bastion of network airlines, and is the home of Lufthansa. But from March 2017, Ryanair will base two Boeing 737s at Frankfurt for flights to Spain and Portugal. Alicante, Malaga, Palma and Faro will be served daily through the summer. Stefan Schulte, the chief executive of Fraport, the company that operates Frankfurt Airport, said: “Ryanair’s decision to come to FRA underscores the increasing importance of Frankfurt for low-cost traffic.” Read more Budget flights hit by Brexit despite falling prices Why has Ryanair made it trickier to check in online? Budget airlines rated: What you get for your money Ryanair, the biggest no-frills airline in Europe, has a history of building up new hubs rapidly. It is likely that for the winter season 2017/18 — beginning a year from now — the airline will expand the base and serve more business-orientated routes. Ryanair has said it will shift its focus for expansion away from its main base, the UK, because of the vote to leave the European Union.  At present the airline’s version of Frankfurt is Hahn airport, in the Hunsruck region high above the Moselle River, and closer to Luxembourg than it is to the German financial hub. Hahn is currently served from Stansted, with seasonal flights from Edinburgh and Newquay. Michael O’Leary, Ryanair's chief executive, has long been dismissive of primary hub airports, regarding them as too expensive and complex for efficient operations. But as competition between airlines increases, Ryanair is looking for new opportunities. Click here to view our latest travel offers with Independent Holidays More about: Ryanair Frankfurt hahn Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home Industry Companies Air India mulls leasing Dorniers to boost regional services Air India mulls leasing Dorniers to boost regional services Flag carrier Air India is mulling leasing ten Dornier aircraft from Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd to boost its regional operations as the government looks to make flying more affordable under the ambitious UDAN scheme. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published: November 2, 2016 4:48 PM State-owned HAL is already making the Dornier 228 planes under licence from Swiss technology company RUAG for the defence forces and European markets. (PTI) Flag carrier Air India is mulling leasing ten Dornier aircraft from Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd to boost its regional operations as the government looks to make flying more affordable under the ambitious UDAN scheme. State-owned HAL is already making the Dornier 228 planes under licence from Swiss technology company RUAG for the defence forces and European markets. To evaluate the feasibility of inducting a new type of jetliner into its fleet, Air India has set up three committees and a final decision on the matter would be taken after receiving reports from the panels, the airline’s Chairman and Managing Director Ashwani Lohani said. Currently, the government-owned carrier operates aircraft manufactured by Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier and ATR. “We have set up three committees, one each from finance, operations and engineering. These committees will study all aspects of the proposal and any decision (whether to lease or not to lease) will be based on the outcome of their reports,” Lohani told PTI here. However, he did not divulge further details. Air India, which has turned operationally profitable last fiscal after nearly a decade, would operate more regional flights through Alliance Air. Alliance Air, which mostly connects Tier II and III cities to metro hubs, currently flies to 34 destinations and has 39 daily departures. Under the ambitious regional air connectivity scheme named UDAN (Ude Desh Ka Aam Naagrik) launched last month, Civil Aviation Ministry has listed three categories of aircraft — those having less than 20 seats, 21-80-seaters, and 80 seats or more. HAL’s 19-seater Dornier 228 could be useful for civil operations with certain modifications, an official said. According to the official, both Air India and HAL are currently in discussions for a possible leasing of 10 such planes for operating flights under UDAN. “At least 10 Dornier 228 are expected to be inducted on lease,” the official said, adding a final decision on the issue would be taken before the end of this fiscal. UDAN seeks to provide air connectivity to un-served and under-served airports, especially in small cities, as well as make flying more affordable for the masses. Fares of half of the seats operated in a particular flight of one-hour duration under UDAN would be capped at Rs 2,500. The cap would be applicable for distance of 476-500 kilometres. Government expects the first flight under the regional connectivity scheme by early next year and is pinning hopes on Air India for the successful take off of UDAN. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Google teaches machines to become more fluent translators Centre in wonderland, not understanding Indian reality: Sitaram Yechury Steve Bannon role in Donald Trump administration sets off critical firestorm Devendra Fadnavis, Arjun Ram Meghwal review progress in NSEL scam probe Uganda nabs suspect in $ 120 mn fake arms deal Demonetisation: Centre failed to address hardship of public, says Kerala FM With signs of Donald Trump backing, Paul Ryan set to be speaker again Swimmers worth their salt cross shrinking Dead Sea Pakistan can't be bullied, capable of defending itself: Nawaz Sharif Firing by hindu Mahasabha leader Sadhvi Deva Thakur and her security guards kills 1 and injures 3 Nitin Gadkari announces 25 driving centres for Jharkhand  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Tuesday 15 Nov 2016 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Jeppesen introduces online self-service business aviation platform By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · November 2, 2016 Jeppesen, a Boeing company, in alliance with BoldIQ, Inc., has introduced Jeppesen Operator, an online business aviation platform, integrating business aviation functionality in a one-stop shop self-service environment, the company said. Operator combines Jeppesen´s experience with flight planning and international trip planning with BoldIQ´s aviation on-demand flight operations and optimization experience, into a single, united user platform. Operator improves data sharing, simplifies access and usability, and increases resource utilization, backed by proven technology. Teaming with leading optimization and operations management software provider BoldIQ bolsters Operator capabilities through the integration of scheduling, crew and fleet management, customer account management, real-time pricing and cost accounting, all driven by advanced optimization capabilities. Operator will combine with mobile apps already in use by operators for navigation, electronic flight bag (EFB), and pilot operational interaction capabilities, further integrating planning and operations systems in an end-to-end digital management solution. Airport, FBO, and vendor data for Operator systems is generated by the Jeppesen Aviation database. Jeppesen delivers information and optimization solutions to improve the efficiency of air operations Jeppesen is a part of the digital aviation business unit within Boeing commercial aviation services. BoldIQ provides software solutions enabling real-time scheduling of resources. BoldIQ´s software provides ongoing plans and disruption recovery based on current demand, resources, rules and constraints, external factors, policies and regulations. Related posts Incredijet expands jet sale offerings through Airplane Listings partnership November 15, 2016 Incredijet has partnered with Airplane Listing.com to offer a wide selection of aircraft for sale... Stellwagen acquired by Acasta Enterprises for USD270m November 15, 2016 Stellwagen Group and Acasta Enterprises Inc. have entered into definitive agreements by which Acasta would... Corporate Traveler, Freebird partner to bring flight rebooking service to clients November 15, 2016 Corporate Traveler has partnered with Freebird to offer a mobile rebooking tool that allows clients... Aurora develops autonomous flight system on unmanned UH-1H November 15, 2016 Aurora Flight Sciences has leveraged the autonomous aerial cargo utility system (AACUS) program to integrate... Alaska Airlines offers new premium class seating November 15, 2016 Alaska Airlines has offered a premium class section on select routes beginning in early January... « Miracle Flights receives donation from TeamHealth Cessna selects Honeywell to provide advanced cockpit technologies » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 November 2016 M T W T F S S « Oct       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2016 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink Agri Business Logistics Macro Economy Policy Air India mulls leasing Dorniers to boost regional services PTI   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet The Hindu File photo of Dornier 228 aircraft Government looks to make flying more affordable under the ambitious UDAN scheme. New Delhi, Nov 2:   Flag carrier Air India is mulling leasing ten Dornier aircraft from Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd to boost its regional operations as the government looks to make flying more affordable under the ambitious UDAN scheme. State-owned HAL is already making the Dornier 228 planes under licence from Swiss technology company RUAG for the defence forces and European markets. To evaluate the feasibility of inducting a new type of jetliner into its fleet, Air India has set up three committees and a final decision on the matter would be taken after receiving reports from the panels, the airline’s Chairman and Managing Director Ashwani Lohani said. Currently, the government-owned carrier operates aircraft manufactured by Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier and ATR. “We have set up three committees, one each from finance, operations and engineering. These committees will study all aspects of the proposal and any decision (whether to lease or not to lease) will be based on the outcome of their reports,” Lohani told PTI here. However, he did not divulge further details. Air India, which has turned operationally profitable last fiscal after nearly a decade, would operate more regional flights through Alliance Air. Alliance Air, which mostly connects Tier II and III cities to metro hubs, currently flies to 34 destinations and has 39 daily departures. Under the ambitious regional air connectivity scheme named UDAN (Ude Desh Ka Aam Naagrik) launched last month, Civil Aviation Ministry has listed three categories of aircraft — those having less than 20 seats, 21-80-seaters, and 80 seats or more. HAL’s 19-seater Dornier 228 could be useful for civil operations with certain modifications, an official said. According to the official, both Air India and HAL are currently in discussions for a possible leasing of 10 such planes for operating flights under UDAN. “At least 10 Dornier 228 are expected to be inducted on lease,” the official said, adding a final decision on the issue would be taken before the end of this fiscal. UDAN seeks to provide air connectivity to un-served and under-served airports, especially in small cities, as well as make flying more affordable for the masses. Fares of half of the seats operated in a particular flight of one-hour duration under UDAN would be capped at Rs 2,500. The cap would be applicable for distance of 476-500 kilometres. Government expects the first flight under the regional connectivity scheme by early next year and is pinning hopes on Air India for the successful take off of UDAN. (This article was published on November 2, 2016) Related NEWS UDAN takes off: Government invites airlines to kickstart regional flights TOPICS transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Video: Enayam Port — A new voyage? more videos» MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED Local cab cos accuse Uber of dumping capital RCS: Govt considering subsidy based on number of seats No toll charges on National Highways till Nov 18 midnight Air Asia files complaint against former executives With newlevy, domestic flights to get slightly costlier from December 1 Chennai Port Trust to waive port-rail charges Columnists Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram LATEST NEWS Apex court refuses to stay demonetisation move Cash withdrawal limit for corporates ‘tiny’, complains CII Panel asks AP govt to set up farmers’ commission Traders hit hard by cash crunch Shamianas give festive feel to ‘run for cash’ at bank branches More » O P E N close Recent Article in Logistics Local cab cos accuse Uber of dumping capital Want Centre to drag firm to WTO » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Airlines / Aviation Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Industry Auto News Banking/Finance BankingFinance Cons. Products DurablesElectronicsFashion / Cosmetics / JewelleryFMCGFoodGarments / TextilesLiquorPaintsTobacco Energy PowerOil & Gas Ind'l Goods/Svs ConstructionEngineeringCementChem / FertilisersMetals & MiningPackagingPaper / Wood / Glass/ Plastic/ MarblesPetrochemSteel Healthcare/Biotech BiotechHealthcarePharmaceuticals Services AdvertisingConsultancy / AuditEducationHotels / RestaurantsProperty / C'structionRetailTravel More Media/EntertainmentEntertainmentMediaTelecomTransportationRailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport RailwaysAirlines / AviationShipping / Transport You are here: ET Home›Industry›Transportation›Airlines / Aviation 04:05 PM | 15 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,305-514.19 NIFTY 50 8,108-187.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 29,317-290.00 USD/INR 67.750.50 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Air India mulls leasing Dorniers to boost regional services By PTI | Updated: Nov 02, 2016, 03.44 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Hindustan Aeronautics Limited | Bombardier | Boeing Airbus Bombardier | ATR | Ashwani Lohani Currently, the government-owned carrier operates aircraft manufactured by Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier and ATR. NEW DELHI: Flag carrier Air India is mulling leasing ten Dornier aircraft from Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd to boost its regional operations as the government looks to make flying more affordable under the ambitious UDAN scheme. State-owned HAL is already making the Dornier 228 planes under licence from Swiss technology company RUAG for the defence forces and European markets. To evaluate the feasibility of inducting a new type of jetliner into its fleet, Air India has set up three committees and a final decision on the matter would be taken after receiving reports from the panels, the airline's Chairman and Managing Director Ashwani Lohani said. Currently, the government-owned carrier operates aircraft manufactured by Boeing, Airbus, Bombardier and ATR. "We have set up three committees, one each from finance, operations and engineering. These committees will study all aspects of the proposal and any decision (whether to lease or not to lease) will be based on the outcome of their reports," Lohani told PTI here. However, he did not divulge further details. Air India, which has turned operationally profitable last fiscal after nearly a decade, would operate more regional flights through Alliance Air. Alliance Air, which mostly connects Tier II and III cities to metro hubs, currently flies to 34 destinations and has 39 daily departures. Under the ambitious regional air connectivity scheme named UDAN (Ude Desh Ka Aam Naagrik) launched last month, Civil Aviation Ministry has listed three categories of aircraft -- those having less than 20 seats, 21-80-seaters, and 80 seats or more. HAL's 19-seater Dornier 228 could be useful for civil operations with certain modifications, an official said. According to the official, both Air India and HAL are currently in discussions for a possible leasing of 10 such planes for operating flights under UDAN. "At least 10 Dornier 228 are expected to be inducted on lease," the official said, adding a final decision on the issue would be taken before the end of this fiscal. UDAN seeks to provide air connectivity to un-served and under-served airports, especially in small cities, as well as make flying more affordable for the masses. Fares of half of the seats operated in a particular flight of one-hour duration under UDAN would be capped at Rs 2,500. The cap would be applicable for distance of 476-500 kilometres. Government expects the first flight under the regional connectivity scheme by early next year and is pinning hopes on Air India for the successful take off of UDAN. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow us on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi I Stopped Paying for "Pink Razors" and Joined Dollar Shave.. Dollar Shave Club MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Tsunami hits New Zealand after powerful 7.8 earthquake 82 per cent Indians favour demonetisation: Survey Black money saved India during recession: UP CM From Around the Web More from The Economic Times Maryland’s Mega-House Will Leave You In Awe. Who Owns It.. Now Buzz Look What Mary Tyler Moore Looks Like Now And Try Not To B.. EdgeTrends Look No Further, Here Are The Top Sedans For 2016 VoteItUp Referrals What Does Your English Surname Say About You? Ancestry Donald Trump's immigration plan may help Indians in US US joining AIIB under Donald Trump would be "good": China Putin, Trump speak by phone, agree to work to improve ties Right technology READ MORE ON » Hindustan Aeronautics Limited | Bombardier | Boeing Airbus Bombardier | ATR | Ashwani Lohani Follow this section for latest news on Airlines / Aviation EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Rail tickets of Rs 5,000 or more booked between November 16-24 won't be refunded in cash Demonetisation: Banks say queues are getting shorter, but still a long wait for some Tata Motors faces a tough situation with its ill-fated small car Nano: to continue or ditch it Demonetisation: Interest rates in grey market for loans drop to 5% from 30% Diet Pepsi is a toilet cleaner, throw them out: Baba Ramdev More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebSensex, Nifty Live Blog|Gold Rate US Presidential Elections Live Updates|Festival Guide 2016 ​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones|Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK RBI Rate Cut  Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China, Russia take step closer to new long-haul jet By Reuters Published: 08:00 EST, 2 November 2016 | Updated: 08:00 EST, 2 November 2016 e-mail By Brenda Goh ZHUHAI, China, Nov 2 (Reuters) - China and Russia took a step closer on Wednesday to the joint development of a long-haul jet to challenge Boeing and Airbus, displaying a model of the unnamed plane that would compete with Western rivals. State-owned planemakers Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) and United Aircraft Corp (UAC) of Russia said they had started the hunt to find suppliers, as they presented a mock-up of the wide-body jet at Airshow China. Neither firm gave details on financing or technical specifications for what Western analysts call a politically-driven initiative that will be difficult to pull off and is likely to carry a high price tag. China opened the show on Tuesday in the southern city of Zhuhai with a brief flypast of its J-20 stealth fighter, in a demonstration of military clout. Both countries are currently developing smaller narrow-body jets to compete with the best-selling Airbus and Boeing types. Guo Bozhi, general manager of COMAC's widebody department, said a 50-50 joint venture based in Shanghai will start operations this year. First announced in 2014, the project has so far been slow to materialise. The firms have said they want conduct a maiden flight in 2022 and begin deliveries in 2025 or later. Western industry analysts consider the target challenging, but more realistic than recent aircraft programmes that sought results in 5-7 years and came in late. "A wide-body jet is an extremely complicated product, which will require a lot of skills (to develop) and require broad industrial knowledge," Guo told reporters. "China and Russia each have their own advantages." Descriptions accompanying the model showed the firms ultimately envision three variants, based on a basic version that will seat 280 and have a range of up to 12,000 kilometres (7,500 miles). SUPPLIER SEARCH The decision to base the venture in Shanghai was a "mutual decision", Guo said at the event, attended by COMAC Chairman Jin Zhuanglong, UAC's Chief Executive Yury Slyusar and Russia's Minister of Trade and Industry Denis Manturov. Guo declined to say how much each party had invested in the project. A global effort to assess potential suppliers is now under way, said COMAC, which is separately pushing its own C919 narrow-body passenger jet towards a long-delayed maiden flight, now aimed for the end of 2016 or early 2017. U.S. firms Honeywell and United Technologies Corporation said on Wednesday they discussed the China-Russia jet with COMAC officials at the airshow, without commenting on the nature or subject of the contacts. "We will choose suppliers who have rich experience in development, whose products are competitive globally, and who can continually guarantee quality from the development stage until the planes go into operation," Guo said. A key decision will be what engines to use. Industry sources speculate the jet could use Western engines. Another potentially tricky issue will be how the work should be divided, a subject which caused years of wrangling at Europe's Airbus, which began in 1970 as a consortium of nations and took more than two decades to make a significant impact. Though a 50-50 JV, analysts view the Chinese side as being the more influential in the project. The firm's Shanghai headquarters tells "where the balance of power is going to be and that reflects the size of the Chinese domestic market," said Sash Tusa, analyst at London-based consultancy Agency Partners. (Editing by Kenneth Maxwell; Editing by Ruth Pitchford) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Your #1 Source for Flight Simulators! Sign up Log in Home Downloads News Forum Tools & Tutorials World Airport Database Knowledge Center What are Virtual Airlines? Images & Videos Payware Search for Downloads Use this form to search for downloads and addons including aircraft, scenery and more. Search entire site Use this form to perform a site-wide search for forum posts, news and reviews and videos. News Other flight sim related news Jet Simming Tutorial Video Released by TopSkills 2540Last updated Tue, 01 Nov 2016 13:32:02 GMT Originally posted on Tue, 01 Nov 2016 12:00:00 GMT Looking to learn how to fly in a simulator? Then Top Skills, and Bill Stack, should be your teacher. Bill is much loved in simulation communities for his wonderfully accurate and attentive detail levels.  Not only is Bill detailed, though, but he provides the finest possible collection of helpful points. From newbies to experts, Mr. Stack should be your go-to expert for becoming a better pilot. To start off with, we recommend that you take a look at the new Jet Simming Tutorial by Bill. This is a comprehensive video to follow through if you’re looking to learn cohesively. Is This for Me? However, not everyone will get something from using this video. Whilst Bill is a wonderful teacher, this is a video with limitations. We would recommend taking a look at this video if you are; New to the world of flight simulation. Would like to learn more about the civilian jet procedure. Wish to learn from a professional, easy to follow video. ​ However, this is not the best choice if you are already well-skilled in jet flight management. You also want to avoid this if you only want to learn more about simulating the use of a combat jet in simulation. With a video at 16:53 minutes, you’ll get plenty of learning and value from watching this. However, just make sure you know what category you fall into so that you have the best chance of extracting value from watching this video. Another excellent part of this video, though, is the addition of the free V-Speed Card. This is used to show you common V-Speeds and is listed alphabetically, and also by speed. This is very useful if you are new to or are still learning about V-Speeds and want to try and grasp their usage more. Preview Video Simulating Properly Using this video is quite simple. When watching the video, Bill will help you to understand how to manage many of the most challenging parts of flight simulation. For example, it will help you; Face the heaviest simulation issues that you are likely to come across. Throughout the video, useful tips are provided to help you avoid the most challenging yet surprisingly common simulation challenges. Handle the largest airliners on the planet. Learn how to go about taming these behemoths to be used as your own. Understand how they work, operate and manage in the skies for safe usage and mastery. Cruise at the highest altitudes – this will show you how to handle things “way” up in the sky. This is very useful for helping you to get used to handling yourself when you come out of your comfort zone and put yourself in that correct approach naturally. Travel the longest distances on the planet safely. This video is perfect for finding out the key tips to making sure that your development as a pilot can be helped by learning how to manage extensive flight distances. Handling Any Flight However, this video looks to educate and improve your flight performance in kind. It will help you come to grips with; Flight prep. If you find that it’s extremely hard to get yourself off the ground and to adequately prepare for your flight, this video will help. By the end you should understand pre-flight planning for your continued success. Learn how to push back from the gates, start the engines and move from the taxi to the runway safely. If you wish to learn how to fly using official protocol, then this is a part of the video that is likely to be of great use to you. Take off and learn how to manage climbing. This is a major struggle and one of the parts of your flight that is likely to leave you unsure of what to do. The more you get used to climbing as this video shows, though, the quicker this becomes a forgotten issue. Learn about cruising. Cruising is a hard skill to master and will usually push your limits as a pilot to get there. Follow this video and you should quickly notice a considered and continued improvement. Get used to approaching and landing safely. Lots of people struggle with this part of flying – so use to your advantage and you can avoid this problem. It takes consistent time and planning, but it is by no means a challenge to get used to. Find out the keys to safe and smart parking, following ideal protocol to shut down any aircraft without any problems. Manage Various Jet Flight Tasks Another significant problem when flying, though, is managing the various flight tasks. This will help you get to grips with handling tasks such as; Buying a large amount of fuel to cover you for the journey. This video section should help you concentrate on how to manage your flight in terms of the quantities needed. Loading up passengers and cargo in a safe and professional manner. Learning these little things is all part of making sure that you fully appreciate, adhere to and understand flight protocol. Managing to use taxi and landing lights to guide you across the airport. Should you lack in skills for navigation then this should help you get over these issues relatively quickly. Get to understand the importance of altitude and flight levels as you go. This will go a long way to helping you correct these issues should they exist in your flight style. Make use of knots and Mach properly. Whilst not something every aircraft has to deal with it helps to know the scenario and to ensure you can adapt if needed. Finally, learn best how to get used to using V-Speeds and what that tends to mean. Improve your Focus Built to be demonstrated in a bulky Boeing 737-800 aircraft, this video shows you lots of skills both minor and advanced. This focuses mainly on using civilian jets, and makes most of the references regarding Microsoft Flight Simulator. However, keep in mind that these are flight principles as a whole – the operation may change depending on the simulator, but the idea won’t. This is also applicable to other aircraft that you might fly. The aim here is improving your focus and continuity as a pilot as a whole, not just in the cockpit of a Boeing aircraft. This video is made by a team of trusted experts who know what they are doing. It’s planned out and follows a meticulous pathway throughout, and is organized in a logical, easy to learn from manner. It also uses a good level of pacing so that you can learn at a fair and consistent rate throughout. With scripted and edited instructions, this reads clearly and is simple to follow along with. The designations and details all make sense in the context of the video, making it easy to learn at a speed you feel most comfortable with. The distinctions screens for each step will make sure you never have to try and interpret or guess what is going on. Best of all, this is free of all of the usual digressions and tangents. Anything extra included in here is added because it’s valuable, not because the author is on a soapbox. Time is kept to a minimum with all extra chatter filtered out and down. Instead, you get the message that you got this video for. As such, it makes it easy to learn from – it’s professional, succinct and clear. No “uhms” and “ohs” in here; just the information that you paid for! Watching the Video To watch this video, you need to be using one of Windows Media Player, Real Player, WinAmp or QuickTime. Each of these can be downloaded with relative ease from their official websites. Also, the video is 266 MB in size so make sure you have enough HD space! You can purchase the video over at SimShack. About Ian Stephens Ian Stephens is a Flight Simulation enthusiast with a keen interest in aviation and technology. He has been writing for Fly Away Simulation for over 9 years. If you like this, would you mind sharing it? FlightControlReplay v3 Professional Edition Released McDonnell Douglas DC-9 For FSX Released by Sky Simulations Related stories Feature: 'Jet Simming' Flight Sim Tutorial eBook Feature: Glass Simming Tutorial eBook by TopSkills Feature: Simming on Autopilot Tutorial Video Garmin 530 Video Tutorial Series Released Feature: Using Weather in Microsoft Flight Simulator Tutorial Video 0 comments Leave a Response Leave a comment Name * E-mail * Website (You can only post your website if you are registered.) Sign-Up Signing-up for a Pro account gives you super fast uncapped speed to the thousands of FSX, FS2004 & X-Plane downloads which include aircraft, scenery and more - click here to view the library for free or... Sign-Up Now Subscribe to our Free Newsletter Join over 130,000 subscribers of our free dedicated flight simulation newsletter. Featuring new downloads, products and industry news.   Download of the Day FSX SAA Airbus A380-800 Filesize: 30.21 MB View here... Survey Have you downloaded your copy of Microsoft Flight Simulator X: Steam Edition? Yes, they have really improved it. No, I haven't downloaded it yet... I'm going to stick with my original FSX. I haven't even moved to FSX, I'm sticking with FS2004. No, X-Plane all the way! ...there's a Steam Edition? I've moved to Prepar3D. Votes 15419 Social Follow us on Social Networks Subscribe to our newsletter   Hot Articles New Flight Simulator on the Horizon: JetWay Dovetail Games Teams up with Boeing for FSX: Steam Edition Add-ons Introducing Combat Air Patrol 2 Radio Comms ORBX Announces Innsbruck Scenery for FSX/P3D Prepar3D v3.4 Now Available Terms & Privacy Policy | Contact Us Copyright © 2016 Fly Away Simulation. All Rights Reserved.
Log out Login User Name Password   Forgot Password   Login Register Now عربي FR The time and date in the UAE: 4:07 AM Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Last Updated November 16, 2016 12:56 AM Bulletin Photos Videos   News Bulletin Reports Photos Videos Archives News Categories Emirates International Economics Sports International Aid Features Miscellaneous You are here: Home > Etihad Airways introduces its Boeing 787 Dreamliner to Johannesburg Etihad Airways introduces its Boeing 787 Dreamliner to Johannesburg 02/11/2016 12:20:03 PM Tweet Send Email Please provide your email address Send PicturesVideos ABU DHABI, 2nd November, 2016 (WAM) -- Etihad Airways has announced that its Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner arrived in Johannesburg yesterday afternoon after its inaugural flight from Abu Dhabi. Etihad Airways flight EY604 took off from Abu Dhabi at 10.15 a.m. and arrived on schedule at 4.45 p.m. local time. The return flight EY603 departed Johannesburg at 7.50 p.m. last night, touching down Abu Dhabi on schedule at 6.10 a.m.. Peter Baumgartner, Etihad Airways Chief Executive Officer, said the decision to upgrade to the Dreamliner aircraft on the Johannesburg route was to meet the needs of growing numbers of business and leisure passengers travelling to and from South Africa. "Today’s modern traveller is constantly searching for comfort, innovation and convenience, and we aim to provide the highest standard of hospitality and technological advancements to make any journey a memorable one," he added. John Friel, Etihad Airways General Manager South Africa, said, "The introduction of the Boeing 787 is a welcome development that will further enhance our guests’ experience on this route. Johannesburg is the ninth city to be served by Etihad Airways’ B787-9 Dreamliner. The aircraft is also deployed to Brisbane, Dusseldorf, Perth, Riyadh, Shanghai, Singapore, Washington DC and Zurich. WAM/Esraa/Moran Next Story:Khalifa University holds health and wellness event Other News of Emirates UAE earn 2-0 comeback win over Iraq Gargash receives Secretary General of Mali's Presidency Gargash receives Secretary General of Mali's Presidency Embassy urged Emiratis in India to avoid withdrawn 500 and 1,000 Rupees banknotes Back to top WAM on Facebook WAM on Twitter Tweets by @wamnews_eng Prayer Times www.awqaf.ae Quick Links About WAM Services Reports Contact Us Feedback Site Map Survey The News Emirates News International News Economy Sports News Multimedia Pictures Videos Photo, Video and Print purchase Newsletter To subscribe to periodic bulletin WAM Newsletter Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions     Emirates News Agency, all rights reserved © 2015
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Westcott Homes Introduces 63 Dunbar Townhomes Westcott Homes Introduces 63 Dunbar Townhomes Posted on November 2, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Westcott Homes announces the grand opening of new townhome community, 63 Dunbar near Bothell, WA. on Sunday, November 13, from noon to 5:00pm. Seattle, WA. (PRWEB) November 02, 2016 Westcott Homes is pleased to announce the grand opening of its newest townhome community, 63 Dunbar near Bothell, WA. The distinctive neighborhood, located minutes away from the I-5/I-405 interchange, features modern townhomes with spectacular floor plans and state-of-the-art amenities. The grand opening is scheduled for Sunday, November 13, from noon to 5:00pm. at 510 N. Damson Rd., Lynnwood, WA 98036. Located at the center of it all, 63 Dunbar offers close proximity to several major shopping centers, award-winning restaurants, bustling nightspots and top regional businesses such as Microsoft, Google and Boeing. The surrounding area includes many popular points of interest such as Centennial Park, Country Village, Alderwood Mall, Bothell Landing, Woodinville Wine Country and the Burke-Gillman Trail, to name a few. To learn more view this community video: https://youtu.be/8u7XlSLeFzo 63 Dunbar combines modern living and smart design with today’s active homeowners in mind. These 2, 3 and 4 bedroom floor plans provide flexibility so you’ll feel right at home, right away. Enjoy large contemporary kitchen, quartz countertops, keyless entry, spacious dining area, luxurious master bathroom, versatile flex spaces, 2 car garage and extra storage throughout. In the words of satisfied customers Mike and Julie, “Westcott is a builder that truly understands how to bring it all together and create a place that we can truly call home.” The Grand Opening “Tailgating” event will be packed with fun! Guests will have their first opportunity to tour the three fully furnished models as well as receive Early Bird Pricing. Guests will also have the chance to win a pair of Seattle Seahawks tickets! For information, please visit: http://www.westcotthomes.com/63-dunbar-townhomes/ *** Westcott Homes has served the Pacific Northwest for over 20 years. Building thousands of homes in dozens of communities throughout the Puget Sound, we create beautiful living spaces that appeal to the needs and lifestyles of contemporary homeowners. We believe that excellence starts with the details− from careful site selection and intelligent design to expert construction and exquisite finishing touches – and is inspired by our strong relationship to the homeowners we serve. Our promise is to provide outstanding service and total satisfaction as we assist you in purchasing the perfect home for your family. For more information, please visit http://www.westcotthomes.com. We look forward to working with you. Future Westcott Homes communities coming in 2017: Braemar West Townhomes, Bothell, WA – Opening Spring 2017 http://www.westcotthomes.com/braemar-townhomes/ Archerfield Townhomes, Edmonds, WA – Opening Late Spring 2017 http://www.westcotthomes.com/archerfield-townhomes/ Solway Townhomes, Issaquah, WA – Opening Summer 2017 http://www.westcotthomes.com/solway-townhomes/ 38 Lundin Townhomes, Lynnwood, WA – Opening Fall 2017 http://www.westcotthomes.com/37-lundin-townhomes/ For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/dunbar/townhomes/prweb13812962.htm Latest News Clearview Resolution Services Sends Employees on Thanksgiving Retreat DIC Announces Major Expansion of Production Capacity for Linablue® – The #1 Natural Blue Food Coloring on Earth In Thanksgiving Spirit, Clearview Resolution Services Donates Office Equipment Yauatcha Waikiki To Host Job Fair November 19-21 Clearview Resolution Services Hosts Potluck Dinner Nov. 21 Pennsylvania Businesses Led by Smith Land & Improvement Corporation, Governor Tom Wolf, and Lawmakers Declared November Small Business Month in Pennsylvania The American Addiction Treatment Association (AATA) is Proud to Partner with First Vendor: Infinity Behavioral Health Services WCPE FM Hosts New World Weekend Wayne Homes Announces Model Grand Re-Opening at Sandusky Model Center Rightpoint Honored for Third Consecutive Year as One of Chicago Tribune’s Top Workplaces © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Society Search for MH370: Investigators say aircraft went into steep dive before crash Examination of wing flap debris found off Tanzania in June showed it likely wasn't extended when the plane entered the ocean. IBTimes Staff Reporter November 2, 2016 13:28 IST 1 Shares 1 Shares Squadron leader Brett McKenzie marks the name of another search aircraft on the windshield of a Royal New Zealand Air Force P-3K2 Orion aircraft searching for missing Malaysian Airlines flight MH370 over the southern Indian OceanREUTERS/Jason Reed/File Photo The examination of a key piece of wreckage from the missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 has found that the aircraft was most likely in a steep dive and crashed with flaps in a retracted position, casting new doubt over theories that it was under human control, the Wall Street Journal reported. Australian investigators overseeing the hunt for the airliner in a remote area of the Indian Ocean released a report on Wednesday saying an examination of wing flap debris found off Tanzania in June showed it likely wasn't extended when the plane entered the ocean, suggesting the aircraft wasn't in a controlled glide with the pilot or passenger at the controls. Why advertise with us? Related Debris from MH370 found in Mauritius: Malaysian authorities MH370 debris found: Malaysia confirms debris discovered in Tanzania is from missing plane "It was probably in a non-extended position, which means that the aircraft wasn't configured for a landing or a ditching," said Peter Foley, the director of the search for Flight 370 at the ATSB. "You can never be 100 percent and we are reluctant to express absolute certainty, but that's the most likely scenario," he added. Authorities have long believed the plane wasn't under human control at the time of its apparent crash, based on communications between the aircraft and an Inmarsat PLC satellite. That communications data — central to fixing on a 120,000 square-kilometre search area, more than 90 percent of which has now been covered — suggest Flight 370 was plummeting at a rate of at least 12,000 feet a minute when it entered the water. However, another theory — that the plane was in a controlled glide following a loss of engine power — hasn't been ruled out, though authorities consider it less likely. The latest wing flap analysis found the right outboard flap of the Boeing 777 was likely damaged by an adjacent control flaperon in the "neutral position," instead of extended as it would normally have been when landing. Taken together with satellite data and modelling of possible crash simulations put together by Boeing experts, Foley said the analysis showed the current search zone along an area known as the seventh arc continued to be the most likely place where the plane came down. ns put together by Boeing experts, Foley said the analysis showed the current search zone along an area known as the seventh arc continued to be the most likely place where the plane came down. The WSJ reported that international aviation experts will meet for several days in Canberra to re-examine evidence and consider high-tech new drift analysis of how debris was carried from the crash site to wash up on the coasts of Africa and Indian Ocean islands. "I don't think anyone who's been involved in the search wants to walk away," said Foley. "Every single one of us is motivated by the desire to find the aircraft for the sake of the families of passengers and crew, and indeed for aviation safety more broadly," he added. The ATSB is seeking up to $30 million from the government to extend the search after working for months to redefine the parameters of the current 120,000 square kilometre zone. "If it's not in the area which we defined, it's going to be somewhere else in the near vicinity," ATSB Chief Commissioner Greg Hood said in August. Also read MH370 update: Debris from South Africa, Mauritius 'almost certainly' from missing Malaysia Airlines plane Malaysian Airlines CEO Christoph Mueller heading for an early exit Post Comment IBT TV Close Anti-Trump protester floored whilst speaking at Ohio rally Why advertise with us? Latest News Janardhan Reddy's daughter Brahmani's wedding: 10 things you need to know about big fat Reddy marriage 6 hours ago By Shekhar H Hooli Russian teen lovers commit suicide after police shoot-out 6 hours ago By Admin Editor's Pick Soon, Google Toilet Locator to help you find loos across India! REVEALED! Britain officially has no clue what to do after Brexit Why advertise with us? most popular Did Twitterati just reveal that Rs 2,000 notes were printed months before currency crisis? Urjit Patel took charge as the 24th RBI governor on September 6. Now, fake Rs 2,000 notes surface in Telangana; 2 youths booked The incident comes merely days after a case was registered in Karnataka against an individual for circulating a colour photocopy of the new note. Was a UFO spotted in the skies over Peru? Some 'experts' think so Footage of the 'burning UFO' appeared on a Peruvian news site, but there has been no confirmation what the object was Narendra Modi, as Gujarat CM, took Rs 25 crore from Aditya Birla Group in 2012, alleges Arvind Kejriwal Kejriwal said for the first time in India, a sitting prime minister's name has come up in black money transactions. Exclusive: Soon, Google Toilet Locator to help you find loos across India! Get the details here The facility on Google Maps will be piloted in the National Capital Region starting some time from November 16 to November 30. Gujarat diamond merchant denies rumours of surrendering Rs 6,000 crore cash Laljibhai Patel had purchased PM Modi's suit auctioned last year for Rs 4.3 crore. Daily currency exchange, ATM withdrawal limits increased as banks start releasing new Rs 500 notes Banks have seen deposits of about Rs 3 lakh crore of old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes since they were scrapped as legal tender. ATMs to start dispensing Rs 2,000 notes from today or tomorrow: DEA Secretary Shaktikanta Das The withdrawal limit has been increased to Rs 2,500 in ATMs that have been recalibrated to dispense new Rs 2,000 and Rs 500 notes. Photo Gallery People across India queue up outside banks People are turning restless, as their wait in the serpentine queues to deposit, exchange or withdraw money from banks and ATMs since the scrapping of high-value currency notes is turning out to be really long. Anu Malik, Farah Khan at Indian Idol Season 7 press conference Music Director Anu Malik and Director and Choreographer Farah Khan during a press conference regarding Indian Idol Season 7 in Kolkata on Nov 14, 2016. Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS

Toggle Navigation A-   A+ Sign in News   Stock Home «Back MH370 plunged rapidly, wing flap not out for landing: report AFP | Sydney Nov 02, 2016 09:57 AM IST Missing Malaysian Air flight MH370 appeared to be out of control when it plunged into the ocean, with the wing flaps not prepared for landing, a new report said today. The report by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau found the plane's final satellite communications were "consistent with the aircraft being in a high and increasing rate of descent" when it vanished. Analysis of the right outboard flap - which was found off Tanzania - showed it was "most likely in the retracted position at the time it separated from the wing", suggesting the plane was not configured for landing before it smashed into the ocean. The bureau noted that the width of the defined search area was appropriate "to encompass all uncontrolled descent scenarios from the simulations". "This report contains important new information on what we believe happened at the end of MH370's flight," Australia's Transport Minister Darren Chester said at the start of a three-day meeting in Canberra where experts will plan the final stages of the search. Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8, 2014 carrying 239 passengers and crew. Despite a massive underwater hunt far off Western Australia's coast, no trace of the jet has been found. Investigators have however confirmed that three pieces of debris recovered along western Indian Ocean shorelines came from MH370. More than 110,000 square kilometres of a 120,000-square- kilometre search arc have been scoured so far and the operation is due to wrap up in early 2017. The findings of the ATSB's new report, which analysed satellite data, end-of-flight simulations, recovered sections of the plane and debris drift modelling, confirm extensive testing by US manufacturer Boeing and the Australian defence department. Experts at the meeting will "review all the available data and analysis associated with the search to date", Chester said in a statement. Their findings will "inform the remainder of the search effort, and develop guidance for any future search operations." "There are currently more than 20 items of debris of interest to the investigation team which have been located on the coasts of Africa, Madagascar, the island of Mauritius, Reunion and Rodrigues," he added. Ongoing drift analysis also suggested the search was in the right place, the ATSB said, noting it was "unlikely debris originated south of the current search area. "The northernmost regions were also found to be less likely," it added. Advertisement << Previous Article   «Back Most Read No stay on demonetisation, SC says govt cannot have surgical strike against people Demonetisation: Pune think tank advised Modi, suggested scrapping income tax too Rupee, earnings, macro data: Why Sensex slumped over 514 points today Demonetisation impact: Parallel black economy may be emerging Major bank union threatens to 'review' cooperation to demonetisation More From Current Affairs Syria, backed by ally Russia, renews assault on rebels Erdogan accuses Western media of sympathising with coup At least 1 person shot at Oklahoma City airport 4 detained in French probe into failed 2015 church attack US: Renewed Russian strikes in Syria break international law [ more ] Top Stories Ban on construction, demolition lifted after pollution level drops in Delhi Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 per litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre Demonetisation blues make markets see red Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman Modi protecting corporate friends: Kejriwal [ more ] Markets Demonetisation blues make markets see red MSCI includes eight newly listed firms Demonetisation: What the experts say Hyderabad's onion market halts operations due to cash crunch Demonetisation hits seafood exporters as fears of order cancellation grow [ more ] Companies JM Financial subsidiary buys 17.5% stake in India Home Loan Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman GAIL's net profit rockets 180% WhatsApp launches video calling to take on FaceTime, Google Duo, Skype Flipkart, Snapdeal might give IIM, IIT placements a miss [ more ] Opinion Improving margin to up Aurobindo earnings Tata Motors pipeline to support volume growth The show must go on Singing a different tune An unusual trip [ more ] Latest News Dollar hits at 11-month high on upbeat data Trump a natural ally if he fights 'terror', says Assad Explain how you will deal with cash chaos, SC asks government Ban on construction, demolition lifted after pollution level drops in Delhi Petrol price cut by Rs 1.46 per litre, diesel by Rs 1.53 per litre [ more ] Today's Paper Demonetisation blues make markets see red Tata Global removes Mistry as chairman JM Financial subsidiary buys 17.5% stake in India Home Loan GAIL's net profit rockets 180% Flipkart, Snapdeal might give IIM, IIT placements a miss [ more ] News you can use Gold: Lacking lustre in the short term Be wary of buying and selling in secondary market Some relief for home buyers as more rate wars are in the offing Real estate law: Too soon to celebrate Free lounge access, movie tickets and more: Credit cards offer benefits but don't miss the caveats Home gym in your budget [ more ]    X Share Box Permalink http://mybs.in/2TJ7DMA Home Today's Paper Top Stories US Election 2016 Latest News Market News Market Data Companies Economy & Policy Opinion Finance Personal Finance Current Affairs Politics Technology General News International Management Weekend Portfolio Have Your Say Ask Expert Photo Gallery Columnists Videos B2B Connect Live Chat Top Stories Market News Market Data Companies Opinion Economy & Policy Finance Jobs Politics Technology Personal Finance Current Affairs International Management Weekend B2B Connect General News General Photo Gallery Latest News Today's Paper Videos About Us Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Copyrights © 2016 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved | View Desktop Site
Home World news MH370 plunged rapidly, wing flap not out for landing: Report MH370 plunged rapidly, wing flap not out for landing: Report Missing Malaysian Air flight MH370 appeared to be out of control when it plunged into the ocean, with the wing flaps not prepared for landing, a new report said today. By: AFP | Sydney | Published: November 2, 2016 12:03 PM The report by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau found the plane’s final satellite communications were “consistent with the aircraft being in a high and increasing rate of descent” when it vanished. (Reuters) Missing Malaysian Air flight MH370 appeared to be out of control when it plunged into the ocean, with the wing flaps not prepared for landing, a new report said today. The report by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau found the plane’s final satellite communications were “consistent with the aircraft being in a high and increasing rate of descent” when it vanished. Analysis of the right outboard flap – which was found off Tanzania – showed it was “most likely in the retracted position at the time it separated from the wing”, suggesting the plane was not configured for landing before it smashed into the ocean. The bureau noted that the width of the defined search area was appropriate “to encompass all uncontrolled descent scenarios from the simulations”. “This report contains important new information on what we believe happened at the end of MH370’s flight,” Australia’s Transport Minister Darren Chester said at the start of a three-day meeting in Canberra where experts will plan the final stages of the search. Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8, 2014 carrying 239 passengers and crew. Despite a massive underwater hunt far off Western Australia’s coast, no trace of the jet has been found. Investigators have however confirmed that three pieces of debris recovered along western Indian Ocean shorelines came from MH370. More than 110,000 square kilometres of a 120,000-square- kilometre search arc have been scoured so far and the operation is due to wrap up in early 2017. The findings of the ATSB’s new report, which analysed satellite data, end-of-flight simulations, recovered sections of the plane and debris drift modelling, confirm extensive testing by US manufacturer Boeing and the Australian defence department. Experts at the meeting will “review all the available data and analysis associated with the search to date”, Chester said in a statement. Their findings will “inform the remainder of the search effort, and develop guidance for any future search operations.” “There are currently more than 20 items of debris of interest to the investigation team which have been located on the coasts of Africa, Madagascar, the island of Mauritius, Reunion and Rodrigues,” he added. Ongoing drift analysis also suggested the search was in the right place, the ATSB said, noting it was “unlikely debris originated south of the current search area. “The northernmost regions were also found to be less likely,” it added Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Google teaches machines to become more fluent translators Centre in wonderland, not understanding Indian reality: Sitaram Yechury Steve Bannon role in Donald Trump administration sets off critical firestorm Devendra Fadnavis, Arjun Ram Meghwal review progress in NSEL scam probe Uganda nabs suspect in $ 120 mn fake arms deal Demonetisation: Centre failed to address hardship of public, says Kerala FM With signs of Donald Trump backing, Paul Ryan set to be speaker again Swimmers worth their salt cross shrinking Dead Sea Pakistan can't be bullied, capable of defending itself: Nawaz Sharif Firing by hindu Mahasabha leader Sadhvi Deva Thakur and her security guards kills 1 and injures 3 Nitin Gadkari announces 25 driving centres for Jharkhand  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe China Eastern to Take First Delivery of Home Built Passenger Jet Bloomberg News October 31, 2016 — 11:47 PM EDT Updated on November 1, 2016 — 6:02 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Workers rolls out the very first C919 passenger jet plane at the COMAC facility in Shanghai in November 2015. Photographer: EPA Planemaker COMAC says airline has committed to 20 planes Negotiations to start within a year of aircraft’s test flight Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp China Eastern Airlines Corp. will be the first customer to take delivery of the home made C919 single-aisle passenger jet as a state-owned planemaker markets the aircraft whose maiden test flight has been delayed at least twice since 2014. Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd. said it signed an agreement with the Shanghai-based carrier to start negotiations to firm up orders for five of the 168-seat planes within a year of its first test flight, the planemaker locally known as COMAC, said in a statement issued at the Zhuhai Air Show. Wu Guanghui, the chief designer of COMAC, said Monday that the test flight could be conducted later this year or early 2017. Besides China Eastern, the planemaker also won commitments from a slew of leasing companies, including 36 from Citic Financial Leasing and 20 from SPDB Financial Leasing, according to the statement. Including Tuesday’s agreements, COMAC has orders and commitments from 23 customers for about 570 aircraft, the company said. The passenger jet project, kicked off in 2008, is part of China’s ambitious plan to vault in rankings to the likes of Japan and Germany in manufacturing, and transform its $10.9 trillion economy from a maker of sneakers, apparels and toys. President Xi Jinping, in a vision document unveiled last year, identified aerospace among sectors that could help accelerate modernization and eventually challenge Airbus Group SE and Boeing Co. For an article on China’s aviation ambitions, click here Japan’s Mitsubishi Aircraft Corp., a unit of Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd., has also turned to a local airline for its MRJ regional jets -- ANA Holdings Inc. In 2010, China Eastern had signed commitments for 20 C919 aircraft. CFM International, an equal engine-making joint venture between General Electric Co. and Safran SA, said Tuesday in Zhuhai that it is building the LEAP-1C engines for the second C919 aircraft. COMAC would be a future player in the market for narrowbody jets and the market is big enough for competing makers, Darren Hulst, Boeing’s managing director of marketing for Northeast Asia, said at the Zhuhai Air Show. Francois Caudron, head of marketing at Airbus, said the French planemaker welcomes competition. Apart from the C919, COMAC is also pushing sales of its Advanced Regional Jet ARJ21. Longhao Air signed a commitment to purchase an unspecified number of the smaller 90-seat jets, while a local lessor has agreed to buy 20 with a pledge for more, COMAC said in the statement. Guangzhou-based Longhao Airlines, a cargo carrier that got approval from regulators earlier this year, is in the midst of building a passenger business, according to a statement distributed in Zhuhai. COMAC said it will convert some ARJ21 aircraft into cargo planes for Longhao Airlines, and cooperate with the carrier in areas including purchase and maintenance as well as pilot training. The ARJ21 has 413 orders and commitments from 19 buyers, according to COMAC. COMAC forecasts China needs new aircraft worth 6 trillion yuan ($886 billion) in the next 20 years, and the nation will see delivery of 6,865 planes by 2035. Airbus separately said Tuesday that the country needs 6,000 new planes, both passenger and cargo, valued at $945 billion as passenger traffic rises an average 6.8 percent over the next two decades. — With assistance by Dong Lyu Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE China Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
null
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Pakistan says seven of its troops killed in Indian fire at LoC Panama Papers: 415 Indians under scanner as probe widens No regrets, but govt addressing inconvenience, says Venkaiah Naidu Chill sets in early: Oppn moves to corner Govt, PM Modi hits back, says his decision troubles them Winter Session begins tomorrow: 30 protests planned outside Parliament Home World world news MH370 may have fallen at 25,000 feet per minute, searchers say MH370 may have fallen at 25,000 feet per minute, searchers say Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, missing for more than two years, may have plummeted at 25,000 feet a minute in its final moments By: Bloomberg | Updated: November 2, 2016 6:01 pm The aircraft’s final satellite communications suggest MH370 was in a fast and ever-increasing rate of descent, the ATSB said (Source: Reuters/representational image) Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, missing for more than two years, may have plummeted at 25,000 feet a minute in its final moments and wasn’t configured to land when it hit the water, according to the latest analysis by Australian investigators. Debris recovered from the missing Boeing Co. 777 jet indicates the right wing flap was positioned for cruising when it separated from the plane, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau said in a report Wednesday. At the same time, the aircraft’s final satellite communications suggest MH370 was in a fast and ever-increasing rate of descent, the ATSB said. WATCH VIDEO: New Revelations In Missing Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370: Find Out More The report weakens speculation that someone may have been at the controls to the end, gliding MH370 beyond the current search area in the southern Indian Ocean and landing the plane in a controlled ditch. The plane vanished from radar on March 8, 2014, en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur with 239 people on board and its search is the world’s longest for a missing passenger jet. Some flight simulations after the plane ran out of fuel produced a descent rate “outside the aircraft’s certified flight envelope,” the ATSB said in its report. The plane lost at least 3,800 feet of altitude and that accelerated up to 25,000 feet every minute, the ATSB said. Simulations suggest the aircraft could have reversed track and flown back north even as it fell from the sky, the ATSB said. Investigators are looking at more than 20 items of debris, according to Wednesday’s report. The governments of Australia, Malaysia and China have said search will be suspended when the 120,000 square-kilometer search area in the southern Indian Ocean has been fully covered in January. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaParliament winter session starts today: Opposition sees red in black & white IndiaBirla text message shows payoff to ‘Gujarat CM’ in 2012, says Arvind Kejriwal BusinessDemonetisation: SBI report had clues to possible currency pullback in March IndiaDemonetisation: Indelible ink to prevent repeat withdrawals but how isn’t clear IndiaGovernment bans Zakir Naik’s IRF for five years EntertainmentDear Zindagi Take 4: Shah Rukh Khan tells Alia Bhatt why we can't love freely and makes a lot of sense, watch video EntertainmentOh Oh Jaane Jaana singer Kamaal Khan resurfaces on Salman Khan's Twitter, see pics EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna asked Karan Johar full form of MNS, his reply will make you forget Koffee With Karan EntertainmentSkin show is not necessarily sexy, says Alia Bhatt. See pics Must Read SportsZafar Ansari pitches it on the right length SportsFit-again Dhawan to be part of Delhi's Ranji team SportsHow the mighty Aussies have fallen TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Google Duo, Skype, Viber, etc that also offer the same TechnologyOnePlus 3T launch: Snapdragon 821 to extra RAM, here's what is known TechnologyIn a first, smartphone shipments in India cross 30 mn in a quarter: IDC  Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra, Lisa Haydon: The rise of the thigh-high slit gowns Nov 16: Latest News Won’t join hands with ‘scam tainted’ Trinamool: WB Congress Demonetisation: Faced with cash crunch, 20 per cent ceramic units in Gujarat face shutdown Over 2,000 doctors of Ahmedabad Medical Association set to stage dharna against NMC Bill today Seeds of TMC’s national dreams were sown much earlier: Mukul Roy Kolkata: Taxi driver refuses to stop after tiff with passenger over Rs 10 coin, held                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
null
| E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer More... ScienceEducationSportsSpecials People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Marketinfo Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising How technology is changing business Handloom matters The Smart Cities Issue Home » Politics Last Modified: Wed, Nov 02 2016. 09 42 AM IST MH370 may have fallen at 25,000 feet per minute, searchers say The latest analysis by Australian investigators says MH370 wasn’t configured to land when it hit the water Subscribe to our newsletter. To continue reading, we request you to support us by disabling your Ad Blocker OR by signing up In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us to ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. To learn how to disable your Ad Blocker, please click here x Steps to disable Ad Blocker on your browser In order to serve content on our website, we rely on advertising revenue which helps us ensure that we continue to serve high quality, unbiased journalism. From our end, we will aim to show clean and unobtrusive ads to provide you with a great browsing experience. Please follow the steps below, and once done, please refresh your page. Google Chrome Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear with a check mark followed by Enabled on this site Click the button to until the text reads Disabled on this site Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Using Chrome adblock extension Click on the hand icon for adblock extension, on the top right corner of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Don't run on pages on this domain option on the drop down Once clicked a settings popup will appear. Click Exclude Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Firefox Using AdBlock Plus Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the top right of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disabled on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access Times of India Firefox "Private Window" runs its own version of adblock. You will receive an adblock detection screen on private window, even if you are not running any adblock plugins. In this case, you will need to open LiveMint.com on your standard Firefox window. Safari Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable. Return to your Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Internet Explorer Click on the AdBlock Plus icon on the bottom right hand side of your browser A drop-down menu will appear Click the Disable on LiveMint.com option on the drop down Refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com iOS 9 and above Go to the Settings app on the main screen Click on the Safari button From Menu click Content Blockers You will see your blocker enabled. Slide button to the left to disable Return to the Safari browser and refresh the page or click Refresh, to access LiveMint.com Please refresh your page, once Ad Blocker is disabled OR To sign up, please click here x Sign Up Email: First Name: Last Name: Angus Whitley The plane vanished from radar on 8 March 2014, en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur with 239 people on board and its search is the world’s longest for a missing passenger jet. Photo: Reuters Sydney: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, missing for more than two years, may have plummeted at 25,000 feet a minute in its final moments and wasn’t configured to land when it hit the water, according to the latest analysis by Australian investigators. Debris recovered from the missing Boeing Co. 777 jet indicates the right wing flap was positioned for cruising when it separated from the plane, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau said in a report Wednesday. At the same time, the aircraft’s final satellite communications suggest MH370 was in a fast and ever-increasing rate of descent, the ATSB said. The report weakens speculation that someone may have been at the controls to the end, gliding MH370 beyond the current search area in the southern Indian Ocean and landing the plane in a controlled ditch. The plane vanished from radar on 8 March 2014, en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur with 239 people on board and its search is the world’s longest for a missing passenger jet. Some flight simulations after the plane ran out of fuel produced a descent rate “outside the aircraft’s certified flight envelope,” the ATSB said in its report. The plane lost at least 3,800 feet of altitude and that accelerated up to 25,000 feet every minute, the ATSB said. Simulations suggest the aircraft could have reversed track and flown back north even as it fell from the sky, the ATSB said. Investigators are looking at more than 20 items of debris, according to Wednesday’s report. The governments of Australia, Malaysia and China have said search will be suspended when the 120,000 square-kilometer search area in the southern Indian Ocean has been fully covered in January. Bloomberg Angus Whitley Topics: MH370Malaysian AirlinesIndian OceandebrisMH370 probe More from this Section The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Multiple shades of India, through a Finn’s eye States lobby centre, RBI to allow co-op banks to accept old notes Tamil Nadu seeks release of boats, repayment for fishermen Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks The economics of currency reform Donald Trump’s threat to Indian IT is all bluster First Published: Wed, Nov 02 2016. 08 13 AM IST Read more from Livemint Helping consumers win the telecom wars Thailand’s lessons for the healthcare system Donald Trump brings uncertainties for India Editor's Picks The cash withdrawal, currency exchange challenge at rural bank branches Subbarao warns RBI against taking unclaimed notes as profit Demonetization to help check tax evasion through penny stocks Latest News Helping consumers win the telecom wars Thailand’s lessons for the healthcare system Donald Trump brings uncertainties for India The economics of currency reform The two-step Trump dance Mint On Sunday The priceless legacy of P.L. Gupta San Diego and Mumbai: A tale of two zoos A brief history of the Bhakti movement Are luxury brands clicking on the right buttons? NuFace Trinity with Facial Trainer Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2016 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Multimedia Consumer Science Education Sports Specials Close
The Crothersville Times the Best Little Newspaper in Town Search Main menu Skip to primary content Home About the Crothersville Times Post navigation ← Previous Next → Classifieds Posted on November 2, 2016 by Curt Kovener RESIDENT MANAGER OPENING: Move now. Reduced rent plus bonus for light maintenance and showing prospects. Very nice two-bedroom apartment. Call Mark at 317-432-4235. IF YOU CAN READ, help someone who can’t. Call 523-8688 to start helping MOBILITY ISSUES?? We have walkers, wheelchairs & canes to lend. Contact Crothersville Senior Citizens at 793-2523.tfn BANKRUPTCY Payment plans available. 812-522-0628, Mark Risser, Attorney at Law. We are a debt relief agency. We help people file for bankruptcy relief under the bankruptcy code. tfn 911 SIGNS Make sure police, ambulance & fire department can find you. $15 includes bracket. Proceeds go to Crothersville-Vernon Township Volunteer Fire Department. For more information or to order call 793-3473 & leave message 36 YEARS EXPERIENCED CARE. Professional grooming & boarding. WALKER’S KENNELS. Original location at 12086 East Base Road, Seymour, 523-3666. NO ONE DESERVES to be hurt! Domestic violence and sexual assault hurt women, children and families. We can offer support, advocacy and safe shelter. All services confidential and at no cost to you. Call 24-hours toll-free: 1-888-883-1959. ARE YOU EXPIRED? Check your mailing label to see when your subscription to the Crothersville Times should be re-newed. Send your check for $25 for one year; $45 for two in Jackson & Scott Counties; $45 per year elsewhere to PO Box 141, Crothersville, IN 47229. ADOPTION: Unplanned Pregnancy? Need help? FREE assistance: caring staff, counseling and financial help. You choose the loving, pre-approved adoptive parents. Joy 1-866-922-3678 www.ForeverFamiliesThroughAdoption.org. Hablamos Espanol. BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY: Looking to earn money on your schedule? Have a car? Drive with Uber. Call: 800-963-9113 AIRLINE CAREERS start here – Get FAA approved Aviation Tech training. Job placement assistance – Delta, Southwest, Boeing and many others hire AIM grads. CALL AIM. 888-242-3197 ONE LOW MONTHLY PAYMENT To Reduce Your Debt And Stress. Debt consolidation, credit repair and personal loans available. Fast approvals. Legacy Fund, toll free 1-888-217-5909. DISH Network – NEW FLEX PACK- Select the Channels You Want. FREE Installation. FREE Streaming. $39.99/24 months. ADD Internet for $14.95 a month. CALL 1-800-283-0560 DIRECTV. NFL Sunday Ticket (FREE!) w/Choice All-Included Package. $60/mo for 24 months. No upfront costs or equipment to buy. Ask about next day installation! 1- 800-319-1528 SAVE on internet and TV bundles! Order the best exclusive cable and Satellite deals in your area! If eligible, get up to $300 in Visa Gift Cards. CALL NOW! 1-800-609-2743 SPECTRUM TRIPLE PLAY – TV, Internet & Voice for $29.99 ea. 60 MB per second speed No contract or commitment. We buy your existing contract up to $500! 1-800-849-0986 HEALTH: Got Knee Pain? Back Pain? Shoulder Pain. Get a pain-relieving brace at little or NO cost to you. Medicare Patients Call Health Hotline Now! 1-800-478-7594. HELP WANTED: Entry Level Heavy Equipment Operator Career. Get Trained – Get Certified – Get Hired! Bulldozers, Backhoes & Excavators. Immediate Lifetime Job Placement. VA Benefits. 1-866-362-6497 DRIVER TRAINEES NEEDED NOW! Learn to drive for US Xpress! NEW Drivers earn $800/week & Benefits! NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED! CDL & Job Ready in 3 weeks! (812) 246-5515 DRIVERS: TanTara Transportation is hiring Company Drivers and Owner Operators for Flatbed, Van or Tank. Excellent equipment, pay, benefits, home weekly. Call 800-650-0292 or apply www.tantara.us $5,000 SIGN ON! Dedicated Customer, Home Every Week, $65-$75K Annually and Excellent Benefits Plan! CALL 888-409-6033 www.Drive4Red.com (6 months experience and class A CDL required) DRIVER TRAINEES NEEDED! Become a driver for  Stevens Transport! NO EXPERIENCE NEEDED! New drivers earn $900+ per week! Paid CDL TRAINING! Stevens covers all costs! 1-877-649-9611 drive4stevens.com Class A CDL Flatbed Drivers NEW PAY SCALE – NEW 389 Pete’s/Trucks set@70MPH/Starting Pay up to .52 cpm/Health Ins./401K/Per Diem Pay/Home Weekends/800-648-9915 or www.boydandsons.com MEDICAL Life Alert. 24-7. One press of a button sends help FAST! Medical, Fire, Burglar. Even if you can’t reach a phone! FREE Brochure. CALL 800-265-1491. MEDICAL Suffering from hearing loss? You might qualify for ListenClear’s FREE 45-day, in-home trial of revolutionary, practically invisible, hearing aids. Experience the difference – FOR FREE! Call 855-972-6092 SERVICES: Stop paying for EXPENSIVE AUTO REPAIRS! Get discounted warranty coverage from the wholesale source, and don’t pay for expensive covered repairs! Start saving now! Call 844-855-7704 GUN SHOW!! Bloomington, IN – November 5th & 6th, Monroe County Fairgrounds, 5700 West Airport Rd., Sat. 9-5, Sun 9-3 For information call 765-993-8942 Buy! Sell! Trade! This entry was posted in Classifieds by Curt Kovener. Bookmark the permalink. Proudly powered by WordPress

For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe MH370 May Have Fallen at 25,000 Feet Per Minute, Searchers Say Angus Whitley AngusWhitley1 November 1, 2016 — 9:18 PM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp A man walks pasts a mural representing the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 in Kuala Lumpur. Photographer: Mohd Rasfan/AFP via Getty Images Wing debris shows aircraft wasn’t configured to land: ATSB Some simulations show descent outside plane’s flight envelope Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, missing for more than two years, may have plummeted at 25,000 feet a minute in its final moments and wasn’t configured to land when it hit the water, according to the latest analysis by Australian investigators. Debris recovered from the missing Boeing Co. 777 jet indicates the right wing flap was positioned for cruising when it separated from the plane, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau said in a report Wednesday. At the same time, the aircraft’s final satellite communications suggest MH370 was in a fast and ever-increasing rate of descent, the ATSB said. The report weakens speculation that someone may have been at the controls to the end, gliding MH370 beyond the current search area in the southern Indian Ocean and landing the plane in a controlled ditch. The plane vanished from radar on March 8, 2014, en route to Beijing from Kuala Lumpur with 239 people on board and its search is the world’s longest for a missing passenger jet. Some flight simulations after the plane ran out of fuel produced a descent rate “outside the aircraft’s certified flight envelope,” the ATSB said in its report. The plane lost at least 3,800 feet of altitude and that accelerated up to 25,000 feet every minute, the ATSB said. Simulations suggest the aircraft could have reversed track and flown back north even as it fell from the sky, the ATSB said. Investigators are looking at more than 20 items of debris, according to Wednesday’s report. The governments of Australia, Malaysia and China have said search will be suspended when the 120,000 square-kilometer search area in the southern Indian Ocean has been fully covered in January. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Malaysia Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to main content Menu Navigation Close Menu Search Blastr Features Original Video Interviews Fangrrls lists opinion Podcast rankings Spotlight TV Recaps TV This Week Trending Deadpool Marvel space Fox Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 The Walking Dead The CW Supergirl Sections About Us Contributors FAQ Feedback Newsletter Privacy RSS Feed Terms © 2016, Blastr. All rights reserved. Powered by Syfy Follow Facebook Twitter Youtube App Apple Android Search Search Close Search Menu Blastr Search terms Type to begin searching Sorry, no results. Check your spelling and try again. Articles Tags Close Search Blastr Trending Trending Topics Deadpool Marvel space Fox Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 The Walking Dead The CW Supergirl Trending Articles DeadpoolGuardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2MarvelFox The back room deal Marvel and Fox worked out between Deadpool and Guardians 2 Star Trek: DiscoveryCBS All Access CBS exec on why they don't think Star Trek can succeed on broadcast TV anymore stephen amellarrowThe CW Arrow fan fails this city, picks real life fight with Stephen Amell Game of ThronesHBOImage of the Day Image of the Day: Behold Dany's new throne for Season 7 of Game of Thrones The Walking DeadRobert KirkmanAMC Why Robert Kirkman wants to kill off your favorite Walking Dead character Features Featured Topics Interviews Fangrrls lists opinion Podcast rankings Spotlight TV Recaps TV This Week Featured Articles FangrrlsFantastic FeastsFantastic Beasts and Where to Find ThemNiffler pops Fantastic Feasts: Niffler Pops MarsNational Geographic ChannelSpotlight Directing Mars: Everardo Gout on helming the mission of National Geographic's prestige show Star TrekThe Next GenerationVoyagerStar Trek: The Original SeriesStar Trek: Deep Space Ninerankingslistsopinion Ranking the 15 best Star Trek time travel episodes SupergirlThe CWTV Recaps Guardian makes his debut, Parasite attacks, and Alex comes out in the latest Supergirl GothamTV RecapsFoxBatman Gotham's Nathaniel Barnes gets GUILTY in Gotham's Mad City: Executioner Original Video Original Video Articles ArrivalStar TrekGame of ThronesFuturamaOriginal Video Celebrate Arrival with the top 8 fictional languages DC ComicsSuperwomanWonder WomanPhil JimenezNew York Comic Con 2016NYCC 2016Original Video Superwoman writer on the shocking death of Lois Lane, Wonder Woman's sexuality 31 days of halloweenReturn of the Living DeadLinnea QuigleyOriginal Video Watch: How Linnea Quigley reinvented the scream queen FangrrlsWonder Womanlynda carterGal GadotOriginal Video Watch: Lynda Carter, Gal Gadot on hand as Wonder Woman named Honorary Ambassador to the U.N. doctor strangeMarvelOriginal Video Watch: Everything you need to know about Marvel's Doctor Strange Black SailsStarzNew York Comic Con 2016NYCC 2016Original Video Watch: Set sail on a swashbuckling preview of Black Sails Season 4 Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Articles Rogue One: A Star Wars StoryImage of the Day Image of the Day: Target this terrific new Rogue One IMAX poster Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Rush into these rousing new Rogue One: A Star Wars Story international trailers Rogue One: A Star Wars Story New international Rogue One trailer delivers fresh dose of Darth Vader + Death Star fury Rogue One: A Star Wars StoryImage of the Day Image of the Day: Cryptic Rogue One IMAX standee Rogue One: A Star Wars StoryGareth EdwardsStar Wars Gareth Edwards teases conflict within the Empire for Rogue One: A Star Wars Story Joss WhedonRogue One: A Star Wars Story Joss Whedon wants to make a Star Wars movie. This is not a drill. See All Fangrrls Fangrrls Articles FangrrlsFantastic FeastsFantastic Beasts and Where to Find ThemNiffler pops Fantastic Feasts: Niffler Pops FangrrlsspaceSpace XVirgin GalacticBlue OriginNASA #SpaceTwitter and the current race into space FangrrlsWonder WomanGal Gadot 8 women who should play Wonder Woman’s love interest in the next film FangrrlsNASAInterviews Women at NASA: What it's like to work at the organization today FangrrlsTV RecapsStar Wars Rebels Mandos, and blasters, and bombs, oh my! This week's Star Wars Rebels has them all. FangrrlsStar Warsfan films A young padawan fights to become a Master in fan film Hoshino See All doctor strange doctor strange Articles doctor strangeMarvel Cinematic UniverseRunawaysThe Defenderslists Weirder Stuff: 5 mystical gateways into the future of the MCU opened up by Doctor Strange PodcastWho Won the Weekdoctor strangeMarvelWonder WomanThe Flash Who Won the Week Episode 48: Doctor Strange doctor strangeScott DerricksonMarveltutting Doctor Strange director explains the insane detail they put into spell-casting in the MCU doctor strangeVirtual RealityMarvel Marvel enlists VR artists to build gorgeous, trippy Doctor Strange alt-reality doctor strangeBenedict CumberbatchMarvel Extended spellbinding Doctor Strange clip will warp your reality doctor strangeBenedict CumberbatchMarvel New Doctor Strange promo reveals a first look at [spoilers]! See All Powered by Syfy Facebook Twitter Youtube View Latest Close Latest Administration NASASpaceXMarsspace NASA doesn't see SpaceX's plan to reach Mars first as a rivalry Trent Moore Tue, Nov 01, 2016 5:01pm Considering a U.S. company has a plan in place to reach Mars around a decade sooner than NASA, you’d think the space agency might be a bit jealous. Well, then you'd be wrong. In an interview with Seeker, NASA's new science chief Thomas Zurbuchen said the U.S. space agency does not see SpaceX’s ambitious plan to send a team to Mars by 2025 as a rivalry. Instead, Zurbuchen said he’d be the first in line to throw SpaceX founder Elon Musk a “Welcome Home” party if the company can actually pull it off (unlike Boeing, who really wants to be the first one there). If anything, Zurbuchen said he believes SpaceX’s success would only serve as an example for just how well the private space industry is doing — and those new developments will only serve to better our chances of exploring the stars in the future. Here’s an excerpt from Zurbuchen’s comments:  “If Elon Musk brought the samples in the door right now I'd throw him a party out of my own money. I think that would be a huge success out of the strategies that were pursued by this administration of helping … the private industry to really grow capabilities that 10 years ago were not around.” It’s not much of a shock to hear Zurbuchen’s take on SpaceX, but it’s encouraging to know NASA is as excited as the rest of us about SpaceX’s goals. The U.S. space agency is already planning to send some tech along with SpaceX’s Dragon missions to Mars, and NASA also has an in-kind agreement to provide technical support on the missions (in exchange for critical landing and flight data that could inform NASA’s own manned missions in the 2030s). To say nothing of Musk's much larger ambitions for the Red Planet.  It’s all just one big, Mars-seeking space family. (Via Seeker) Related Stories FangrrlsNASAInterviews 0 Women at NASA: What it's like to work at the organization today Lisa Granshaw NASAfemaspaceAsteroid 2 NASA and FEMA game plan how to respond to an asteroid threat Trent Moore SpaceXNASAspace 6 NASA worried about SpaceX's ambitious plan to fuel spaceships with astronauts on board Trent Moore spacescienceTechnology 4 Virgin Galactic will soon take tourism to infinity and beyond Elizabeth Rayne More from around the web Latest News Blog View Close Latest The Man In The High CastleAmazon 0 Joe has daddy issues and Juliana meets The Man in the High Castle in latest Season 2 trailer Nathalie Caron FangrrlsFantastic FeastsFantastic Beasts and Where to Find ThemNiffler pops 0 Fantastic Feasts: Niffler Pops Tye Rannosaurus Justice League DarkMatt RyanDC Animated Universe 0 Matt Ryan leads the Justice League Dark as John Constantine in first animated movie trailer Nathalie Caron MarsNational Geographic ChannelSpotlight 0 Directing Mars: Everardo Gout on helming the mission of National Geographic's prestige show Aaron Sagers The Walking DeadAMCfan theorymorse code 0 Fans think they spotted a secret code hidden in the latest episode of The Walking Dead Trent Moore Star TrekThe Next GenerationVoyagerStar Trek: The Original SeriesStar Trek: Deep Space Ninerankingslistsopinion 4 Ranking the 15 best Star Trek time travel episodes Lisa Granshaw HumansAMCai 0 'They're waking up' in surreal new trailer for Season 2 of AMC’s Humans Trent Moore DC ComicsTrinityClay Mann 0 Exclusive preview: Trinity artist Clay Mann teases Wonder Woman, Batman, Superman are 'better together' Aaron Sagers SalemShane WestWGN America 0 John Alden is on a mission in tense new Salem Season 3 clip Nathalie Caron Doctor WhoSteven MoffatChris ChibnallPeter CapaldiBBC 10 Are Peter Capaldi and Pearl Mackie leaving Doctor Who with a 'clean slate' next year? Nathalie Caron Rogue One: A Star Wars StoryImage of the Day 0 Image of the Day: Target this terrific new Rogue One IMAX poster Jeff Spry Stephen KingCollectibles Month'Salem's Lotthe standFirestarterThe Dark Tower 0 Collecting Stephen King: 10 of his rarest and priciest books Don Kaye Marsspacescience 0 It might be a lot harder than we thought to find life on the surface of Mars Trent Moore DisneynetflixBob IgerReed Hastingsrumor of the day 8 Rumor of the Day: Is Disney eyeing Netflix as its next target? Jeff Spry Deadpool 2Ryan ReynoldsTim MillerDavid Leitch 0 Ryan Reynolds offers first comments on Deadpool director's exit Don Kaye SupergirlFlasharrowLegends of TomorrowThe CW 0 Aliens and Deathstroke(?!) in new Arrow, Supergirl, Legends, Flash crossover trailer Trent Moore SupergirlThe CWTV Recaps 5 Guardian makes his debut, Parasite attacks, and Alex comes out in the latest Supergirl Trent Moore Dany Roth GothamTV RecapsFoxBatman 4 Gotham's Nathaniel Barnes gets GUILTY in Gotham's Mad City: Executioner Dany Roth The InhumansMarvelABCIMAX 14 Marvel’s The Inhumans coming to ABC and IMAX theaters Nathalie Caron Y: The Last ManFXMichael GreenBrian K. Vaughan 2 Y: The Last Man series moving forward at FX, showrunner hired Trent Moore National Geographic ChannelMarsSpotlight 2 Life on Mars: A look at the sets of National Geographic Channel's new series Aaron Sagers Hiyao MiyazakiBoro The Caterpillaranimation 0 Anime master Hayao Miyazaki returns for final feature based on Boro the Caterpillar short Jeff Spry Star Trek: DiscoveryCBS All Access 52 CBS exec on why they don't think Star Trek can succeed on broadcast TV anymore Trent Moore DeadpoolGuardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2MarvelFox 2 The back room deal Marvel and Fox worked out between Deadpool and Guardians 2 Trent Moore Darth MaulStar WarsMarvel 0 Darth Maul getting his own solo comic series from Marvel Trent Moore Game of ThronesHBOImage of the Day 1 Image of the Day: Behold Dany's new throne for Season 7 of Game of Thrones Nathalie Caron TV RecapsNeganThe Walking Dead 7 Negan loots Alexandria in this week's The Walking Dead Tara Bennett Beauty and the BeastEmma WatsonDisneymovie Trailers 3 First enchanted full trailer for Beauty and the Beast is a tale as old as time Nathalie Caron The PassageJustin CroninRidley ScottFox 3 Vampire TV series The Passage in the works at Fox from producer Ridley Scott Nathalie Caron Suicide SquadJared LetoMargot Robbie 2 Dive deep into the Joker's madness in new Suicide Squad Blu-ray bonus featurette + deleted scene Jeff Spry stephen amellarrowThe CW 16 Arrow fan fails this city, picks real life fight with Stephen Amell Trent Moore Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find ThemDavid YatesJ.K. RowlingWarner Bros. 2 David Yates confirms he will helm all five Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Nathalie Caron InterviewsMatt KindtEtherDark Horse Comics 1 Scientific method: discussing the magic behind Ether with writer Matt Kindt Matthew Funk Collectibles MonthMajor Matt MasonMattelNASA 12 Meet Mattel's Man In Space: Major Matt Mason Jeff Spry X-MenDark Phoenix20th Century FoxMarvel 13 Rumor of the Day: New X-Men film to reboot Marvel's epic Dark Phoenix Saga Nathalie Caron Ghost in the ShellScarlett Johanssonanime 14 Scarlett Johansson stars in first trailer, clip from live action Ghost in the Shell Trent Moore TV This WeekarrowFlashTeen WolfAmerican Horror Story 3 TV THIS WEEK: Teen Wolf, Vigilante on Arrow, long-lost Doctor Who airs, Channel Zero ends, and more Trent Moore Robert VaughnThe Man from U.N.C.L.E.Superman IIIDemon Seed 10 Man from U.N.C.L.E. star Robert Vaughn passes away Don Kaye spaceMoonAstronomy 2 That’s no moon. That’s a supermoon Carol Pinchefsky Image of the DaySupergirlKevin Smith 2 Image of the Day: Kevin Smith rewards his Supergirl cast and crew Jeff Spry SupernaturalThe CW 2 Mary rejoins her boys for a demon hunt in new Supernatural promo + images Jeff Spry Harley QuinnBirds of PreyDCWarner Bros 10 DC's Harley Quinn spinoff film to feature Birds of Prey, script in the works Trent Moore Load More Close Sidebar
null
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Press Releases / Boeing Provides Sensors, Teams With Liquid Robotics at Unmanned Warrior 2016 Demo Boeing Provides Sensors, Teams With Liquid Robotics at Unmanned Warrior 2016 Demo Dominique Stump November 1, 2016 Press Releases 609 Views TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 1, 2016 — Boeing (NYSE: BA) and Liquid Robotics teamed up to participate at the two-week Unmanned Warrior 2016 naval demonstration event organized by the British navy, ExecutiveBiz reported Monday. The team used four Sensor Hosting Autonomous Remote Craft equipped with Boeing’s acoustic sensors to detect and track an unmanned underwater vehicle and a manned diesel submarine as part of the demonstration, Liquid Robotics said Monday. About Executive Mosaic: Founded in 2002, Executive Mosaic is a leadership organization and media company. Executive Mosaic offers highly coveted executive events, breaking business news on the Government Contracting industry, and delivers robust and reliable content through seven influential websites and four consequential E-newswires. Headquarters are located in Tysons Corner, VA. www.executivemosaic.com Contact: David Smith (703) 226-7002 david.smith@executivemosaic.com Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags acoustic sensor ba Boeing demonstration Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz govcon Liquid Robotics Sensor Hosting Autonomous Remote Craft Submarine U.K. Navy unmanned surface vehicles unmanned underwater vehicle Unmanned Warrior 2016 USV uuv Related Articles DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments November 15, 2016 AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments November 15, 2016 IBM, NVIDIA Develop New Machine Learning Tool November 15, 2016 Check Also F-35 Program Office Taps Northrop, BAE & Australia-Based Teammates for MRO&U Services TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 15, 2016 — The F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program office has … Polycom Unified Comms Platform to Support Spanish Defense Ministry Connectivity TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 15, 2016 — The Spanish defense ministry has deployed Polycom‘s (Nasdaq: … Sponsor Click to Play Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags November 15 Market Close: GovCon Index Post-Election Gain Streak Ends With 1% Decline, US Stocks Advance November 15, 2016 DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments November 15, 2016 AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments November 15, 2016 IBM, NVIDIA Develop New Machine Learning Tool November 15, 2016 F-35 Program Office Taps Northrop, BAE & Australia-Based Teammates for MRO&U Services November 15, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 8,947 CSRA Lands $114M Task Order to Help Secure Pentagon’s IT Networks October 20, 2016 3,435 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,279 IBM to Build Army Private Cloud Facility Under $62M Task Order October 17, 2016 2,577 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,342 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force press release DOD U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor About GovConWire Government Contracting News Wire - GovConWire - The premier source of breaking business news for the government contracting industry, GovCon Wire provides informative, to-the-point stories of the most significant contract awards, top-level executive moves, M&A activities and financial results of the sector’s most notable players. GovCon Wire is always on top of the most recent contracting sector activity and is updated in real time as the news breaks. ExecutiveBiz AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ ﻿﻿NTT Data Acquires Dell Services for $3.05B; Tim Conway Comments SAIC Appoints Charles Mathis as EVP, CFO; Tony Moraco Comments Amazon Web Services’ Teresa Carlson Receives 2016 Greater Washington GovCon Executive of the Year Award @Follow Me #GovConIndex post-election streak of gains ends at 4 w/ 1% decline. $HII $CACI $NOC $RTN $EGL $SAIC $VEC #GovCon https://t.co/vXztwjgCJR3 hours ago DigitalGlobe Deploys Lockheed-Made WorldView-4 Imaging Satellite; Rick Ambrose Comments https://t.co/VyOk4SpqYA #AtlasV #DGI6 hours ago AT&T, NASA Partner to Study UAS Traffic Management Methods; Mike Leff Comments https://t.co/SZxr313K3B #AT&amp;T #drone6 hours ago Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments Vote 'Yes' on Amendment 8 to preserve Alabamians' right to work state house mug by julie.JPG (Julie Bennett/jbennett@al.com) Print Email Guest Voices By Guest Voices AL.com on November 01, 2016 at 12:30 PM, updated November 01, 2016 at 12:31 PM comments Rep. Arnold Mooneyc/o Rep. Arnold Mooney  By Rep. Arnold Mooney (R - Birmingham) Co-signed by: Speaker Mac McCutcheon (R-Capshaw), Rep. Will Ainsworth (R-Guntersville), Sen. Greg Albritton (R- Bay Minette), Sen. Gerald Allen (R- Tuscaloosa), Sen. Slade Blackwell (R- Birmingham), Rep. Mack Butler (R- Rainbow City), Rep. Jim Carns (R- Birmingham), Rep. Donnie Chesteen (R – Geneva), Rep. Steve Clouse (R- Ozark), Rep. Terri Collins (R- Decatur), Rep. Dickie Drake (R – Leeds), Rep. Corley Ellis (R- Columbiana), Rep. Allen Farley (R- McCalla), Rep. David Faulkner (R- Birmingham), Rep. Matt Fridy (R-Birmingham), Rep. Danny Garrett (R- Trussville), Rep. Victor Gaston (R- Mobile), Rep. Tommy Hanes (R- Scottsboro), Sen. Bill Hightower (R- Mobile), Rep. Mike Holmes (R- Wetumpka), Rep. Paul Lee (R- Dothan), Rep. Joe Lovvorn (R- Auburn), Rep. Becky Nordgren (R- Gadsden), Sen. Trip Pittman (R- Daphne), Rep .Bill Poole (R- Tuscaloosa), Rep. Chris Pringle (R- Mobile), Sen. Larry Stutts (R –Sheffield), Rep. Allen Treadaway (R- Morris), Rep. Ritchie Whorton (R- Scottsboro), Rep. Jack Williams (R- Mobile), Sen. Phil Williams (R- Gadsden), Rep. Phil Williams (R- Huntsville), and Rep. Rich Wingo (R- Tuscaloosa) Alabamians have the rare opportunity to permanently preserve one of their most basic and fundamental rights - the right to work and provide for their families - by voting YES on Constitutional Amendment 8 on November 8. Our state has enjoyed tremendous successes in economic development over the past several years as businesses like Mercedes, Airbus, Boeing, Hyundai, Honda, and several other Fortune 500 companies have chosen to locate major facilities here. Alabama's success in attracting investments over other states can be attributed to several factors, which include a workforce with an unequalled work ethic and diverse range of skills, a low cost of living, competitive incentive packages, and the fact that large employers and manufacturers, in particular, are also attracted to our status as a right-to-work state. Roughly 60 years ago, when labor union activity and membership were near their apex, a disturbing trend became apparent in the factories, mills, and plants dotting the state.  Non-union employees were being threatened, intimidated, and sometimes physically harmed by union members who wanted a "closed shop" workplace, and potential industrial development prospects were reluctant to locate here in order to avoid the sometimes outrageous demands of organized labor. As a result, the Legislature took action in 1953 and passed a right-to-work statute declaring that union membership could not be a prerequisite for employment, and, conversely, joining a union could not disqualify a worker from being employed. But more than a half century after that law was passed, union activity is once again on the rise, and potential employers are expressing concern.  They recognize that our right-to-work statute could be overturned with a simple vote of the Legislature and many are asking for a more permanent guarantee of our status. Recent events provide evidence of why their concerns are valid. The United Auto Workers union was able to gain a foothold in organizing the Volkswagen plant in Chattanooga, Tennessee, and, closer to home, workers at the Golden Dragon Cooper facility in Wilcox County moved to join the United Steelworkers labor group by a razor-thin 75 - 74 vote. Labor unions are continuing efforts to organize employees in Alabama's automotive manufacturing plants, but they have been unsuccessful, thus far. In order to provide needed reassurance to economic developers and potential industrial prospects, it is time for Alabama to permanently enshrine our right-to-work status in the state constitution. The provisions of the amendment are simple. It establishes Alabama as a right-to-work state with constitutional protections that prevent labor organizations from forcing employees to join a union, and also prohibit employers from denying union membership to workers who wish to join. Because some labor unions force non-union employees to pay a mandatory "fee" in lieu of membership dues because they, too, could potentially benefit from any collective bargaining negotiations with management, Alabama's proposed constitutional amendment prohibits that practice. The amendment also prohibits labor unions from creating monopolies and preventing other organized labor groups from representing workers on a variety of issues. This reasonable ballot measure will ensure that union and non-union workers and businesses may peacefully coexist in a calm workplace environment, while, at the same time, helping to attract new investments, grow existing industries, and create additional jobs. It also provides you with a plain-spoken, air-tight constitutional right to hold a job and earn a living for yourself and your loved ones. We remain convinced that Alabama's future is bright, and our best days still lie ahead, but  we also believe that all of us can reach hat prosperous summit faster if you remember to vote YES on Constitutional Amendment 8 on November 8. Columnists John Archibald Kyle Whitmire Roy S. Johnson Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
By using this service and related content, you agree to the use of cookies for analytics, personalised content and ads. Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money More > Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating news You are using an older browser version. Please use a supported version for the best MSN experience. China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest expo Reuters 31/10/2016 By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh © REUTERS China unveils its J-20 stealth fighter on an air show in Zhuhai © REUTERS China's J-10 fighter jets perform during an air show, the 11th China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai spo < PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 5 NEXT SLIDE > China's J-10 fighter jets perform during an air show, the 11th China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai © REUTERS/Stringer China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its growing capability in defence. China is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a flypast that barely exceeded a minute, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot. Experts say China has been refining designs for the J-20, first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, in the hope of narrowing a military technology gap with the United States. President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in Asia, particularly in the South China and East China seas. "It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability," said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) [CMAFC.UL] was also bullish on China's appetite for new civilian planes, estimating the market would need 6,865 new aircraft worth $930 billion (759 billion pounds) over the next 20 years. The COMAC forecast - similar to long-term outlooks from well-established rivals Boeing Co (BA.N) and Airbus Group (AIR.PA) - said China would make up almost a fifth of global demand for close to 40,000 planes over the next two decades. Replay Video Musk's plan to get humans to Mars and beyond Sky News Yahoo hack hits 500 million users Sky News The Zuckerberg plan to fight the world's diseases Sky News Play Pause Seek i Volume Volume Volume Mute Unmute CC SETTINGS OFF HQ HD HQ SD LO Full Screen Exit Full Screen Play Pause Volume Volume QUESTIONS UNANSWERED After screeching onto the Zhuhai stage as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. It was China's second successive display of stealth at the biennial show, following the 2014 debut of the J-31. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine - the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes - answered few questions. "I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can't tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility," said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. "Most importantly, we didn't learn much about its radar cross-section." A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin (LMT.N) F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the U.S. arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. The F-22, developed for the U.S. Air Force, is the J-20's closest lookalike. But the mere display of such a newly developed aircraft was a revealing signal, others said. "It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet," said Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute, "and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride." C919 PASSENGER JET ABSENT Other aircraft on display on Tuesday alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones, included the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organisers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production - the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. A model of a wide-body jet being developed by COMAC and Russia's UAC was also on show, revealing design details such as wingspan and cruising speeds for the first time. Airbus and Boeing dominate the wide-body segment. Notably absent from the airshow schedule, though, was the 150-seater COMAC C919 passenger jet, which has been beset by delays and is now running three years behind original plans. COMAC said at the show that China Eastern Airlines (600115.SS) will be the launch customer for the C919, which may take its first test flight later this year or early 2017, and that it had clinched 23 new orders for its C919, taking total firm orders to 570. (Additional reporting by Michael Martina in BEIJING; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Go to MSN Home More in News Comedian Rory McGrath in court charged with stalking married woman The Telegraph PM prepares 'bombproof' bill to force Brexit through Parliament The Independent Thanks to Brexit and Trump, we have a new official 'word of the year' The Guardian Mobility scooter 'ram-raided council offices' Mirror Ex-Tory MP plans legal action against police Sky News Twitter to allow users to 'mute' abusive words Press Association Up Next Boris Johnson defends Trump as a 'liberal guy from New York' Huffington Post UK More in News IVF mum marries donor after tracking him down and falling in love Mirror Tracking an elusive diary from Hitler's inner circle The New York Times £1bn Madonna becomes highest-grossing solo touring artist ever Evening Standard AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Reuters Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government Reuters U.S. House reauthorises Iran sanctions bill, sets Syria sanctions Reuters Trump win adds pressure on Brazil to pass reforms, executives say Reuters Reuters View the full site Home News Weather Entertainment Sport Money Lifestyle Horoscopes Health & Fitness Food & Drink Cars Travel Dating © 2016 Microsoft Privacy & Cookies Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Anti-Spam Newsletter
Skip to the navigation. Skip to the content. The BioFuels Journal family of sites: BioFuels Journal Equipment Catalog | GRAINNET | Product / Service Directory BioFuels Journal RSS Feed More News: Advanced Biofuels Biodiesel Ethanol International Research Advanced Biofuels Email Email Print Email Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials Certification to Brazilian Sugarcane Producers Date Posted: November 1, 2016 Geneva - 1 November 2016 - SOCICANA - Associação dos Fornecedores de Cana de Guariba, a sugar cane producers association based in Guariba, São Paulo, Brazil has earned the Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials (RSB) certification. The RSB certification was part of the "Cana Sustentável" (Sustainable Cane) project developed with support from RSB and the Boeing Corporate Citizenship program. The RSB certification included a group of 17 farmers, covering 466.62 hectares of production area. Through this project, Socicana and RSB were able to provide a comprehensive framework toimplement sustainability objectives and customer demands, improve Socicana procedures, recognize, through RSB certification, the good practices carried out by the farmers, and reinforce the importance of RSB as a tool to "translate" the objectives of sustainable development into practices adopted by all operators along the supply chains, including smallholders and family farmers. "We are excited to work with Socicana on this important project within the RSB smallholder program which aims to improve the living conditions of small farmers and promote sustainable practices," said Rolf Hogan, RSB's Executive Director. "This was a great opportunity for us to identify the needs and opportunities for small sugarcane producers and promote better management of rural property which leads to better partnerships for smallholder participation in sustainable production chains." "This initiative impacted the behavior of our associates, and producers saw that it is possible to produce sugarcane sustainably," said José Guilherme Nogueira, the Superintendent of Socicana. "The participation of RSB in the process was essential, since before our partnership Socicana had no certification protocol aimed at small producers. "The team of RSB experts spared no effort to provide guidance and assistance to the Socicana team and thus implement the standards with producers." "Our intention is to bring more sugarcane producers interested in certification and have our associates producing according to international protocols," said Bruno Rangel Geraldo Martins, Chairman of Socicana. "We have observed that the farmers are changing their minds and improving their practices, so we have a fundamental role to help them get recognized and certified." This second RSB certification of sugar cane farmers in Brazil (the first was the Assobari certification in September 2016) was made possible by the Boeing Corporate Citizenship Program, which is supporting the certification of smallholder farmers in Brazil and South Africa in order to promote sustainability and improve the livelihoods of farmers by linking them to markets. For more information, please contact Rolf HOgan at +41-22-7964037 or rolf.hogen@rsb.org See Related Websites/Articles: Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials more ADVANCED BIOFUELS... Advanced Biofuels Gevo Reports 3Q 2016 Net Loss of $9.8 Million, Compared to $6.5 Million in 3Q 2015 Alaska Airlines Uses Gevo Cellulosic Renewable Alcohol-to-Jet Fuel For Commercial Flight Wet Weather Conditions Across IA Challenge Cornstalk Baling For Cellulosic Ethanol Plants USDA Weekly National Biomass Energy Report NexSteppe Enters Partnership With Longping Hi-Tech to Develop Bioenergy Solutions in China Ethanol Producers Views President-Elect Trump as "Wildcard" For Industry Gevo Expands on Partnership With Musket Corporation to Enter Automobile Market in Houston, TX United Airlines Makes Effort to Introduce Aviation Biofuels Into Regular Operations Novozymes Introduces Biological Foam Control For Sugarcane Ethanol Fulcrum BioEnergy Signs Strategic Partnership With BP to Accelerate Construction of Renewable Jet Fuel Plants More News   ©2001-2016 Country Journal Publishing Co. 3065 Pershing Ct. • Decatur, IL 62526 • 800-728-7511 • 217-877-9660 • Email: webmaster@grainnet.com No portion of this site may be copied or reproduced without prior express written permission.
Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Insurance Top News Pakistan says seven of its troops killed in Indian fire at LoC Panama Papers: 415 Indians under scanner as probe widens No regrets, but govt addressing inconvenience, says Venkaiah Naidu Chill sets in early: Oppn moves to corner Govt, PM Modi hits back, says his decision troubles them Winter Session begins tomorrow: 30 protests planned outside Parliament Home Business Aviation Air India to resume Boeing 777 services on its New Delhi-London route Air India to resume Boeing 777 services on its New Delhi-London route This Boeing 787-8 aircraft, which was in operations till the summers had a total of 256 seats in a two-class configuration with 18 seats in business class and the rest 238 in economy. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published:November 1, 2016 8:49 pm The resumption of B777 services are effective from October 30, sources said. Winter schedule for domestic airlines this year began from October 30 and would last up to the last week of March next year. National carrier has resumed Boeing 777 services on its London’s route from New Delhi with the replacement of its Dreamliner B787-8 with B777-200 LR aircraft for one of its flights as part of the winter schedule operations. Earlier also, Air India had been operating a B777 on the Delhi-London route. However, in the 2013 summers, it changed the aircraft to Dreamliner. Watch what else is making news: The resumption of B777 services are effective from October 30, sources said. Winter schedule for domestic airlines this year began from October 30 and would last up to the last week of March next year. The B777 aircraft will be operating on Air India’s flight AI-111/112 service, sources said. The change of aircraft has, however, reduced the capacity on the flight by 18 seats. This Boeing 787-8 aircraft, which was in operations till the summers had a total of 256 seats in a two-class configuration with 18 seats in business class and the rest 238 in economy. As against this, the B777-200LR has a total of 238 seats in a three-class configuration. There are eight seats in first class, 35 in business, and remaining 195 in economy. Air India flies to eighth destinations in Europe. Besides, it is set to launch a flight to Madrid from December 1. Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaParliament winter session starts today: Opposition sees red in black & white IndiaBirla text message shows payoff to ‘Gujarat CM’ in 2012, says Arvind Kejriwal BusinessDemonetisation: SBI report had clues to possible currency pullback in March IndiaDemonetisation: Indelible ink to prevent repeat withdrawals but how isn’t clear IndiaGovernment bans Zakir Naik’s IRF for five years EntertainmentDear Zindagi Take 4: Shah Rukh Khan tells Alia Bhatt why we can't love freely and makes a lot of sense, watch video EntertainmentOh Oh Jaane Jaana singer Kamaal Khan resurfaces on Salman Khan's Twitter, see pics EntertainmentTwinkle Khanna asked Karan Johar full form of MNS, his reply will make you forget Koffee With Karan EntertainmentSkin show is not necessarily sexy, says Alia Bhatt. See pics Must Read SportsZafar Ansari pitches it on the right length SportsFit-again Dhawan to be part of Delhi's Ranji team SportsHow the mighty Aussies have fallen TechnologyWhatsApp video calling: Google Duo, Skype, Viber, etc that also offer the same TechnologyOnePlus 3T launch: Snapdragon 821 to extra RAM, here's what is known TechnologyIn a first, smartphone shipments in India cross 30 mn in a quarter: IDC  Deepika Padukone, Priyanka Chopra, Lisa Haydon: The rise of the thigh-high slit gowns Nov 16: Latest News Won’t join hands with ‘scam tainted’ Trinamool: WB Congress Demonetisation: Faced with cash crunch, 20 per cent ceramic units in Gujarat face shutdown Over 2,000 doctors of Ahmedabad Medical Association set to stage dharna against NMC Bill today Seeds of TMC’s national dreams were sown much earlier: Mukul Roy Kolkata: Taxi driver refuses to stop after tiff with passenger over Rs 10 coin, held                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials Portfolio Catalyst BLink National Science Sports World Variety Education Real Estate Cities4Climate China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest expo Reuters   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet REUTERS China unveils its J-20 stealth fighter on an air show in Zhuhai, Guangdong Province on Tuesday. ZHUHAI, China, Nov 1:   China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its growing capability in defence. China is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a flypast that barely exceeded a minute, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot. Experts say China has been refining designs for the J-20, first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, in the hope of narrowing a military technology gap with the United States. President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in Asia, particularly in the South China and East China seas. “It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability,” said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) was also bullish on China's appetite for new civilian planes, estimating the market would need 6,865 new aircraft worth $930 billion over the next 20 years. The COMAC forecast - similar to long-term outlooks from well-established rivals Boeing Co and Airbus Group - said China would make up almost a fifth of global demand for close to 40,000 planes over the next two decades. QUESTIONS UNANSWERED After screeching onto the Zhuhai stage as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. It was China's second successive display of stealth at the biennial show, following the 2014 debut of the J-31. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine - the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes - answered few questions. “I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can't tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility,” said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. “Most importantly, we didn't learn much about its radar cross-section.” A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the U.S. arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. The F-22, developed for the U.S. Air Force, is the J-20's closest lookalike. But the mere display of such a newly developed aircraft was a revealing signal, others said. “It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet,” said Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute, "and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride.” C919 PASSENGER JET ABSENT Other aircraft on display on Tuesday alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones, included the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organisers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production - the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. A model of a wide-body jet being developed by COMAC and Russia's UAC was also on show, revealing design details such as wingspan and cruising speeds for the first time. Airbus and Boeing dominate the wide-body segment. Notably absent from the airshow schedule, though, was the 150-seater COMAC C919 passenger jet, which has been beset by delays and is now running three years behind original plans. COMAC said at the show that China Eastern Airlines will be the launch customer for the C919, which may take its first test flight later this year or early 2017, and that it had clinched 23 new orders for its C919, taking total firm orders to 570. (This article was published on November 1, 2016) Related TOPICS World | China | politics | defence | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... This article is closed for comments. Please Email the Editor VIDEO Video: The Brexit debate, explained more videos» Most Popular    Donald Trump begins forming his team    Putin, Trump agree to normalise ties    ‘Trump victory second deepavali for Hindus’    Trump vows to immediately deport up to 3 million undocumented migrants    Demonetisation: Prachanda dials Modi, seeks help    China’s first aircraft carrier ‘combat ready’: Official    Ban hopes U.S. doesn’t abandon Paris pact    Panama Leak: Qatari prince comes to rescue of embattled Sharif    Teacher in U.S. suspended for comparing Trump to Hitler    Russia launches offensive in Syria, airstrikes hit Aleppo MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED How Trump’s win can impact Indian IT Global students may shun new, ‘less-welcoming’ US Employees scared for their safety after Trump’s win: Nooyi India to boost defence, security ties with Israel Trump says will take $1 as salary with no vacations Trump asks people to stop harassment of Muslims, Latinos Cooperation is the only choice: China’s Xi tells President-elect India-US strategic, defence ties will undergo paradigm shift Donald Trump credits social media for poll win FBI gives clean chit to Clinton in last-minute relief Top Gainers / Top Losers LATEST NEWS Apex court refuses to stay demonetisation move Cash withdrawal limit for corporates ‘tiny’, complains CII Panel asks AP govt to set up farmers’ commission Traders hit hard by cash crunch Shamianas give festive feel to ‘run for cash’ at bank branches More » O P E N close Recent Article in World India to boost defence, security ties with Israel Seeks help to combat terrorism » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | Portfolio | Catalyst | BLink | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2016, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home E-Eagle Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Eagle+ Sign In Eagle Store Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services About Us News News Crime & Courts Local Databases Education Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Finger on the Weather Prairie Politics Sports Sports Wichita State Chiefs High Schools K-State Kansas Outdoors Royals State Colleges Wingnuts NBC baseball Blogs & Columnists Bob Lutz Jayhawk Dispatch K-Stated Lutz Blog Michael Pearce Shockwaves Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Health Care Small Business Blogs & Columnists Air Capital Insider Business Casual Business Perspectives Carrie Rengers Living Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Religion Travel Blogs & Columnists Annie Calovich Suzanne Tobias Entertainment Entertainment The Arts Books Celebrities Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Restaurants Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Dining with Denise Movie Maniac Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Blogs & Columnists Richard Crowson Now Consider This Opinion Line Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Apartments and Rentals Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Jobs Legal Notices Public Notices Merchandise Pets Service Directory Place An Ad Place An Ad Merchandise Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other Categories Classified Support Center Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Local Deals Business November 1, 2016 8:43 AM City’s biggest employer feeling stronger, more expansive The Wichita Eagle File photo i By Dan Voorhis dvoorhis@wichitaeagle.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Executives at Spirit AeroSystems sounded confident in the company’s strengthening financial performance during a third-quarter conference call with analysts Tuesday. Revenue for the quarter was up $1.71 billion from the same quarter last year, a 7 percent increase. Net income was down sharply, but that reflected the fall-off from a quarter in 2015 that recorded a large one-time tax benefit. Operating income, which reflects the profit from ongoing operations, was up 11 percent from a year ago. President and CEO Tom Gentile told analysts that the company board felt so positive about the company’s long-term prospects that it approved its first-ever dividend, at 10 cents per share. He said the goal is to raise that in the future. The company has worked for years to dig itself out from high costs and unprofitability caused by overbidding and overspending in the years following its creation a decade ago. Gentile also said the board felt the company’s share price remained undervalued and authorized another $600 million share buy-back program. Investors on Tuesday rewarded the company by driving the stock up by more than 7 percent to close at $54. In the quarter, Spirit marked its delivery to Boeing of key components for the 500th 787 Dreamliner. Spirit builds the fully integrated forward fuselage, engine pylons, and fixed and moveable leading edges. The improved performance is driven by growing sales opportunities as well as a years-long program of driving down costs, Gentile said. There is good growth in many of the lines the company builds components for, Gentile said. The 737 line will move from 42 per month now to 47 per month by early next year, and to 52 per month and then 57 per month in coming years. But the company is going after new work as well, such as at Airbus, where it signed a contract last quarter. “The relationship has improved,” Gentile said. “They are asking us to bid on a number of new work packages, and so as we look at more fuselage, wing and propulsion, all three of those are areas of interest … we’re going to bid aggressively to win some of those work packages.” In addition, he said, the company would look at acquisitions of Tier II and III aerostructure suppliers. “If we do look at (mergers and acquisitions) it will have to be something that targets a strategic priority, something like getting us into a low-cost country, expanding work with some key suppliers or moving perhaps into military,” he said. “But anything we do would have to meet our return threshold and be better than alternative uses of the cash.” In cost cutting, chief financial officer Sanjay Kapoor told analysts that the company has focused on labor and corporate overhead first, and now is a third of the way into a “clean sheet” re-evaluation of the parts it buys. The company has run its own analysis of what it costs to produce the thousands of parts in its products and is using that to guide it in negotiations with suppliers. “It allows you to have a really honest conversation with suppliers, and not only convince them, but work with them to make sure we achieve close to those goals,” Kapoor said. Dan Voorhis: 316-268-6577, @danvoorhis Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:57 Wink Hartman Sr. may open downtown grocery Pause 2:47 Cargill announces protein headquarters will stay in Wichita 3:10 Energy 101: How do wind turbines work? 3:00 Trump vows to be a president for all Americans 3:15 Whooping cranes at Texas Aransas National Wildlife Refuge 0:42 Supermoon over Wichita 0:46 Supermoon rises over Wichita 0:39 Fatal shooting on East Harry 0:50 Fatal crash on McLean Boulevard 4:38 Dining with Denise: Wichita's most obscene foods Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 hours ago How Westar sale affects Wichita 3:49 3 hours ago How Westar sale affects Wichita 1:57 8 hours ago Wink Hartman Sr. may open downtown grocery 3:10 a day ago Energy 101: How do wind turbines work? View more video Business CEOs: sale of Westar will mean good things for customers Last Barrier jewelry store to close With new pipeline, Spirit increases use of recycled water Gas hits lowest November price since recession Charity names new executive director in time for Operation Holiday Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Spirit Aero raises 2016 profit, revenue forecasts; sets first div By Reuters Published: 14:08 EST, 1 November 2016 | Updated: 14:08 EST, 1 November 2016 e-mail By Ankit Ajmera Nov 1 (Reuters) - Aircraft parts maker Spirit AeroSystems Holdings Inc raised its full-year profit and revenue forecasts and unveiled a $600 million stock buyback program and its first-ever dividend. Spirit Aero's shares rose as much as 8.9 percent on Tuesday, to their highest in nearly 10 months. The Wichita, Kansas-based company, which set a quarterly dividend of 10 cents per share, said it now expected 2016 earnings of $4.50-$4.65 per share on an adjusted basis, up from a prior forecast of $4.30-$4.50.. The company's revenue forecast was raised to $6.7 billion-$6.8 billion from $6.6 billion-$6.7 billion. Analysts attributed the raised revenue forecast partly to non-recurring revenue from Boeing Co, Spirit Aero's biggest customer, in the third quarter ended Sept. 29. Spirit Aero's earnings were helped by increased sales to Airbus Group SE, the company's second-biggest customer, as well as by a lower tax rate. Spirit Aero said total ship-set deliveries - complete sets of parts for individual aircraft - rose to 368 units in the quarter, from 347 a year earlier, led by a 6.8 percent jump in shipments to Airbus. Spirit Aero, spun off from Boeing in 2005, has been working to diversify away from dependence on its biggest customer, which accounted for 84 percent of its revenue in 2015. Airbus has asked Spirit Aero to bid on new projects, Chief Executive Tom Gentile said on a call with analysts. Spirit Aero hopes extra business from Airbus will allow it to expand all three of its divisions - fuselage, wing and propulsion systems. The company currently makes some sections of the fuselage and wing framework for certain Airbus planes. The company said it repurchased 7.4 million shares in the third quarter, and completed its existing share repurchase program, which was to have run through December 2017. That reduced its share count and increased earnings per share. Spirit Aero's net income fell to $145.1 million, or $1.16 per share, in the quarter, from $313.6 million, or $2.24 per share a year earlier. Revenue rose 7.4 percent to $1.71 billion. Analysts had expected earnings of $1.07 per share and revenue of $1.65 billion, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The company's profit last year included a $189.4 million benefit from a deferred tax asset valuation allowance. Spirit Aero's shares were up 7.3 percent at $54.04 in afternoon trading on Tuesday. Up to Monday's close, the stock had risen 0.6 percent this year, compared with a .3 percent increase in the Dow Jones U.S. Aerospace index. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera in Bengaluru; Editing by Ted Kerr, Martina D'Couto and Sai Sachin Ravikumar) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content Military Technologies Military Press Releases Aircastle Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results Highlights Acquired ten aircraft for $303 million during the third quarter, and 32 aircraft for $961 million year-to-date Sold nineteen aircraft year-to-date, including five wide-bodies, two freighters, and six other aircraft to our joint ventures Secured customers for our remaining 2016 lease expirations and made strong progress with next year’s lease placements Raised $1.1 billion in new financing thus far in 2016 while broadening our funding sources Declared our 42nd consecutive quarterly dividend and increased it by 8.3% (1)  Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP numbers. Aircastle Limited (the “Company” or “Aircastle”) (NYSE: AYR) reported a third quarter 2016 net income of $27.4 million, or $0.35 per diluted common share, and adjusted net income of $29.7 million, or $0.38 per diluted common share.  The third quarter results included total revenues of $194.7 million, a decrease of 8.2%, versus $212.1 million in the third quarter of 2015. Commenting on the results, Ron Wainshal, Aircastle’s CEO, stated “Over the past several months, investor demand for aircraft increased markedly, causing prices to rise.  We seized on this opportunity to improve the quality of our portfolio by reducing our freighter and wide-body aircraft holdings while also planting the seeds for profitable future asset sales.” Mr. Wainshal added, “We expect to complete $1.5 billion in acquisitions in 2016, taking Aircastle’s owned and managed fleet to nearly 200 aircraft.  This investment level exceeds last year’s, though we’ve slowed our pace of growth during the second half as we remain disciplined buyers with limited investment commitments.  Despite the competitive market, we’re still generating attractive new investments by providing aircraft sellers with value-added propositions that play to our strengths.” Mr. Wainshal concluded, “Aircastle continues to grow profitably and responsibly as we reshape our portfolio towards modern, narrow-body aircraft that offer solid long-term return profiles.  At the same time, we are replacing less promising assets, even if they have higher near-term accounting yields.  We are encouraged with our success in building and enhancing the company’s sustainable earnings power, and to that end, we are increasing our quarterly dividend to $0.26 per share.” Michael Inglese, Aircastle’s CFO, added, “We are working to drive our net cash interest margins higher as older and more expensive debt rolls off and gets replaced by flexible and attractively priced new financings and as we deploy our strong cash balances.  Similarly, we expect our portfolio management efforts to enhance the strength and duration of our revenue yields.” Financial Results (in thousands, except share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Total revenues $  194,652 $  212,074 $ 568,305 $ 610,935 Lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues $  187,329 $  189,906 $ 550,696 $ 555,375 Adjusted EBITDA(1) $  181,145 $  216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 Net income (loss) $    27,437 $   (13,989 ) $   83,729 $   71,088       Per common share – Diluted $        0.35 $       (0.17 ) $       1.06 $       0.88 Adjusted net income (loss)(1) $     29,706 $     (9,679 ) $   98,002 $   88,007       Per common share – Diluted $         0.38 $       (0.12 ) $       1.24 $       1.08 (1)     Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP           numbers. Third Quarter Results Total revenues were $194.7 million, a decrease of $17.4 million, or 8.2%, from the prior year.  The decrease was driven by $8.9 million less in maintenance revenue and a $7.5 million drop in lease termination fees, stemming from a decline in scheduled lease expirations this year. Lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues during the third quarter were $187.3 million versus $189.9 million the prior year.  The 1.4% decrease reflects the net year-over-year impact from aircraft acquisitions, dispositions and lease extensions. Net income for the third quarter was $27.4 million, an improvement of $41.4 million compared to a net loss of ($14.0) million in the previous year, while adjusted net income for the third quarter of 2016 improved by $39.4 million.  Lower total revenues and gains from aircraft sales were offset by a $67.9 million reduction in aircraft impairment charges and $9.1 million less in depreciation expense. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $181.1 million, down 16.3%, or $35.2 million, versus the same quarter last year.  This result is driven primarily by declines of $15.8 million in gains from aircraft sales, $11.5 million in total lease revenue and finance lease and maintenance revenue, and $7.5 million in early termination fees. Aviation Assets We acquired ten aircraft for $303 million during the third quarter.  During the first nine months of 2016, we purchased 32 aircraft for $961 million.  The aircraft we acquired year to date had an average age of 6.8 years and an average remaining lease term of 6.4 years.  For the full year, we expect to complete $1.5 billion in aircraft acquisitions, of which $1.4 billion will be narrow-body aircraft. During the third quarter of 2016, we sold five aircraft, including two freighters and two wide-bodies.  These sales reduced our freighter fleet to nine aircraft, accounting for 8.6% of the total net book value of our flight equipment held for lease.  We also sold one A321 aircraft to our joint venture with IBJ Leasing.  Total sales proceeds during the third quarter were approximately $150 million.  We expect to record increased asset sales activity during the fourth quarter of 2016. During the first three quarters of 2016, we sold nineteen aircraft for proceeds of $489 million and a net gain on sale of $14.9 million.  These sales included five wide-body and two freighter aircraft.  Excluding the six aircraft sold to our joint ventures with Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan and IBJ Leasing, the average age of the other thirteen aircraft sold was approximately seventeen years. Our fleet utilization during the third quarter was 98.2%.  During the quarter, we delivered three aircraft that had been off-lease to airline customers.  Two of these were 737-800s acquired from a Brazilian airline prior to their delivery from Boeing and had been undergoing reconfiguration for a new lessee in China.  The other aircraft was a mid-aged A330-200 that underwent maintenance prior to its delivery to Aerolineas Argentinas.  We expect fleet utilization during the fourth quarter of 2016 to be in excess of 99%. As of September 30, 2016, Aircastle owned 175 aircraft having a net book value of $6.3 billion. We also manage eleven aircraft with a net book value of $629 million dollars on behalf of our joint ventures with Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan and IBJ Leasing of Japan. Owned Aircraft as of September 30, 2016(1) Owned Aircraft as of September 30, 2015(1) Total Flight Equipment Held for Lease ($ mils.) $ 6,270 $ 6,007 Unencumbered Flight Equipment Held for Lease ($ mils.) $ 4,343 $ 3,722 Number of Aircraft 175 160 Number of Unencumbered Aircraft 139 109 Weighted Average Fleet Age (years)(2) 7.6 7.7 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (years)(2) 5.3 5.9 Weighted Average Fleet Utilization for the period ended(3) 98.2% 99.9% Portfolio Yield for the quarter ended(4) 12.4% 12.7% Net Cash Interest Margin(5) 8.7% 9.3% (1)     Calculated using net book value of flight equipment held for lease and net investment in finance leases at period end. (2)     Weighted average based on net book value. (3)     Aircraft on-lease days as a percent of total days in period weighted by net book value. (4)     Lease rental revenue and interest income and cash collections on finance and sales-type leases for the period as a           percent of the average net book value of flight equipment held for lease and our investment in finance and sales-type           leases for the period; quarterly information is annualized. (5)     Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP           numbers.  The calculation of Net Cash Interest Margin has been revised in this presentation to include collections from           finance and sales-type leases minus interest on borrowings. Portfolio yield for the quarter was down by 31 basis points compared to last year, reflecting the shift to assets with less risk and better long-term earnings profiles but with lower near-term yields.  The net cash interest margin was 59 basis points lower compared to last year due to the drop in portfolio yield as well as higher cash balances from borrowings completed earlier in 2016.  Annual Fleet Review & Other Impairments We completed our annual fleet review for narrow-body aircraft during the third quarter and recorded impairment charges of $2.2 million and impairment losses of $2.6 million across several older 757s due to come off lease over the next fifteen months.  We anticipate selling all six of our 757s at lease end. In addition, during the quarter we recorded $6.6 million of other impairment charges, offset by $5.6 million of maintenance revenue and $2.4 million of reversed lease incentives on three older 747 converted freighters which we expect to scrap as their leases expire over the next eighteen months.  Funding During the third quarter we finished drawing down under the secured bank facility closed during the second quarter of 2016.  These draw-downs brought the total facility amount to $434 million.  This brings total debt funding raised for the year to $1.1 billion, of which approximately $700 million was unsecured.  Funding sources include the U.S. bond market, Japanese banks and leading international aerospace banking institutions. Common Dividend On October 28, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a fourth quarter 2016 cash dividend of $0.26 per share on Aircastle common shares, payable on December 15, 2016 to shareholders of record on November 29, 2016.  This is our 42nd consecutive dividend and represents an 8.3% increase over the previous quarter’s cash dividend.  Since 2010, Aircastle has increased its dividend seven times for a total increase of 260% over that period. Conference Call In connection with this earnings release, management will host an earnings conference call on Tuesday, November 1, 2016 at 10:00 A.M. Eastern time.  All interested parties are welcome to participate on the live call.  The conference call can be accessed by dialing (888) 499-4035 (from within the U.S. and Canada) or (416) 204-9269 (from outside of the U.S. and Canada) ten minutes prior to the scheduled start and referencing the passcode “1757279”. A simultaneous webcast of the conference call will be available to the public on a listen-only basis at www.aircastle.com.  Please allow extra time prior to the call to visit the site and download the necessary software required to listen to the internet broadcast.  A replay of the webcast will be available for one month following the call.  In addition to this earnings release an accompanying power point presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Aircastle’s website. For those who are not available to listen to the live call, a replay will be available until 1:00 P.M. Eastern time on Thursday, December 1, 2016 by dialing (888) 203-1112 (from within the U.S. and Canada) or (719) 457-0820  (from outside of the U.S. and Canada); please reference passcode “1757279”. About Aircastle Limited Aircastle Limited acquires, leases and sells commercial jet aircraft to airlines throughout the world.  As of September 30, 2016, Aircastle owned and managed on behalf of its joint ventures 186 aircraft leased to 65 customers located in 35 countries. Safe Harbor All statements in this press release, other than characterizations of historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not necessarily limited to, statements relating to our proposed public offering of notes and our ability to acquire, sell, lease or finance aircraft, raise capital, pay dividends, and increase revenues, earnings, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, Cash Return on Equity and Net Cash Interest Margin and the global aviation industry and aircraft leasing sector. Words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,” “believes,” “may,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “seeks,” “estimates” and variations on these words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our historical performance and that of our subsidiaries and on our current plans, estimates and expectations and are subject to a number of factors that could lead to actual results materially different from those described in the forward-looking statements; Aircastle can give no assurance that its expectations will be attained. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated as of the date of this press release. These risks or uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described from time to time in Aircastle’s filings with the SEC and previously disclosed under “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Aircastle’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for Aircastle to predict or assess the impact of every factor that may cause its actual results to differ from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. Aircastle expressly disclaims any obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets (Dollars in thousands, except share data) September 30,  2016 December 31,  2015 (Unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 656,247 $ 155,904 Accounts receivable 5,266 8,566 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 54,000 98,137 Restricted liquidity facility collateral – 65,000 Flight equipment held for lease, net of accumulated depreciation of $1,245,447 and $1,306,024, respectively 6,004,489 5,867,062 Net investment in finance and sales-type leases 265,854 201,211 Unconsolidated equity method investment 67,160 50,377 Other assets 129,840 123,707 Total assets $ 7,182,856 $ 6,569,964 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY LIABILITIES Borrowings from secured financings, net of debt issuance costs $ 1,261,423 $ 1,146,238 Borrowings from unsecured financings, net of debt issuance costs 3,286,304 2,894,918 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 144,140 131,058 Lease rentals received in advance 61,095 67,327 Liquidity facility – 65,000 Security deposits 128,109 115,642 Maintenance payments 516,689 370,281 Total liabilities 5,397,760 4,790,464 Commitments and Contingencies SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preference shares, $0.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding — — Common shares, $0.01 par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized, 78,634,133 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2016; and 80,232,260 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2015 786 802 Additional paid-in capital 1,519,849 1,550,337 Retained earnings 268,601 241,574 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (4,140) (13,213) Total shareholders’ equity 1,785,096 1,779,500 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 7,182,856 $ 6,569,964 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues: Lease rental revenue $ 181,975 $ 188,038 $ 537,670 $ 550,023 Finance and sales-type lease revenue 5,354 1,868 13,026 5,352 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives (521) (2,113) (5,419) (10,288) Maintenance revenue 6,829 15,726 20,603 55,148 Total lease revenue 193,637 203,519 565,880 600,235 Other revenue 1,015 8,555 2,425 10,700 Total revenues 194,652 212,074 568,305 610,935 Operating expenses: Depreciation 76,201 85,324 227,918 237,538 Interest, net 61,797 60,381 188,490 184,063 Selling, general and administrative (including non-cash share based payment expense of $2,059 and $1,424 for the three months ended and $5,796 and $3,981 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively) 15,985 14,032 46,883 42,663 Impairment of Aircraft 10,462 78,403 27,185 102,358 Maintenance and other costs 1,834 2,520 5,504 9,126 Total expenses 166,279 240,660 495,980 575,748 Other income (expense): Gain (loss) on sale of flight equipment (73) 15,679 14,932 43,034 Other (210) 70 (136) 341 Total other income (expense) (283) 15,749 14,796 43,375 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 28,090 (12,837) 87,121 78,562 Income tax provision 2,458 2,709 8,782 12,037 Earnings of unconsolidated equity method investment, net of tax 1,805 1,557 5,390 4,563 Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Earnings (loss) per common share — Basic: Net income (loss) per share $ 0.35 $ (0.17) $ 1.06 $ 0.88 Earnings (loss) per common share — Diluted: Net income (loss) per share $ 0.35 $ (0.17) $ 1.06 $ 0.88 Dividends declared per share $ 0.24 $ 0.22 $ 0.72 $ 0.66 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 227,918 237,538 Amortization of deferred financing costs 13,567 11,211 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives 5,419 10,288 Deferred income taxes 3,129 (1,455) Non-cash share-based payment expense 5,796 3,981 Cash flow hedges reclassified into earnings 9,074 19,349 Security deposits and maintenance payments included in earnings (12,844) (20,645) Gain on sale of flight equipment (14,932) (43,034) Impairment of aircraft 27,185 102,358 Other (4,712) 269 Changes in certain assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 1,699 253 Other assets 3,815 (4,382) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 16,459 14,085 Lease rentals received in advance 2,111 7,566 Net cash provided by operating activities 367,413 408,470 Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition and improvement of flight equipment and lease incentives (792,270) (1,034,578) Proceeds from sale of flight equipment 488,749 343,020 Restricted cash and cash equivalents related to sale of flight equipment 17,000 — Aircraft purchase deposits and progress payments, net of returned deposits and aircraft sale deposits (14,035) (4,421) Net investment in finance and sales-type leases (78,892) (24,000) Collections on finance and sales-type leases 14,413 6,768 Unconsolidated equity method investment and associated costs (12,686) — Other (812) (260) Net cash used in investing activities (378,533) (713,471) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchase of shares (36,573) (1,960) Proceeds from secured and unsecured debt financings 999,350 800,000 Repayments of secured and unsecured debt financings (489,134) (548,359) Deferred financing costs (17,273) (12,185) Restricted liquidity facility collateral 65,000 — Liquidity facility (65,000) — Restricted cash and cash equivalents related to financing activities 27,137 14,626 Security deposits and maintenance payments received 123,767 114,644 Security deposits and maintenance payments returned (37,036) (28,797) Other (2,073) — Dividends paid (56,702) (53,583) Net cash provided by financing activities 511,463 284,386 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 500,343 (20,615) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 155,904 169,656 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $            656,247 $            149,041 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Selected Financial Guidance Elements for the Fourth Quarter of 2016 ($ in millions, except for percentages) (Unaudited) Guidance Item Q4:16 Lease rental revenue $185 – $189 Finance lease revenue $4 – $5 Maintenance revenue $7 – $9 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives ($3) – ($4) SG&A1 $15 – $16 Depreciation $78 – $81 Interest, net $62 – $64 Gain on sale $5 – $15 Full year effective tax rate 9% – 11% 1. Includes $2.1M of non-cash share based payment expense. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Supplemental Financial Information (Amount in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues $  194,652 $  212,074 $ 568,305 $ 610,935 EBITDA(1) $  168,414 $  136,538 $ 514,338 $ 515,014 Adjusted EBITDA(1) $  181,145 $  216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 Net income (loss) $     27,437 $  (13,989) $  83,729 $  71,088 Net income (loss) allocable to common shares $     27,200 $  (13,989) $  83,043 $  70,559   Per common share – Basic $         0.35 $      (0.17) $      1.06 $      0.88   Per common share – Diluted $         0.35 $      (0.17) $      1.06 $      0.88 Adjusted net income (loss)(1) $     29,706 $    (9,679) $   98,002 $   88,007 Adjusted net income (loss) allocable to common shares $     29,449 $    (9,679) $   97,199 $   87,352 Per common share – Basic $         0.38 $      (0.12) $       1.24 $       1.08 Per common share – Diluted $         0.38 $      (0.12) $       1.24 $       1.08 Basic common shares outstanding 77,990 80,566 78,230 80,566 Diluted common shares outstanding(2) 78,022 80,566 78,266 80,566 (1)     Refer to the selected information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP information (2)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, includes 32,235 and 35,804 dilutive shares, respectively. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 (Dollars in thousands) Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Depreciation 76,201 85,324 227,918 237,538 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives 521 2,113 5,419 10,288 Interest, net 61,797 60,381 188,490 184,063 Income tax provision 2,458 2,709 8,782 12,037      EBITDA 168,414 136,538 514,338 515,014 Adjustments:   Impairment of aircraft 10,462 78,403 27,185 102,358   Non-cash share-based payment expense 2,059 1,424 5,796 3,981   (Gain) loss on mark-to-market of interest rate derivative contracts 210 (54) 141 (220)      Adjusted EBITDA $ 181,145 $ 216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 We define EBITDA as income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes, interest expense, and depreciation and amortization. We use EBITDA to assess our consolidated financial and operating performance, and we believe this non-U.S. GAAP measure is helpful in identifying trends in our performance. This measure provides an assessment of controllable expenses and affords management the ability to make decisions which are expected to facilitate meeting current financial goals as well as achieving optimal financial performance. It provides an indicator for management to determine if adjustments to current spending decisions are needed. EBITDA provides us with a measure of operating performance because it assists us in comparing our operating performance on a consistent basis as it removes the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest charges on our outstanding debt) and asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization) from our operating results. Accordingly, this metric measures our financial performance based on operational factors that management can impact in the short-term, namely the cost structure, or expenses, of the organization. EBITDA is one of the metrics used by senior management and the board of directors to review the consolidated financial performance of our business. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA (as defined above) further adjusted to give effect to adjustments required in calculating covenant ratios and compliance as that term is defined in the indenture governing our senior unsecured notes.  Adjusted EBITDA is a material component of these covenants. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Adjusted Net Income Reconciliation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 (Dollars in thousands) Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Loan termination fee(1) — — 1,509 — Ineffective portion and termination of hedges(1) — 215 — 509 (Gain) loss on mark to market of interest rate derivative contracts(2) 210 (54) 141 (220) Write-off of deferred financing fees(1) — — 1,972 —          Non-cash share based payment expense(3) 2,059 1,424 5,796 3,981          Term Financing No. 1 hedge loss amortization charges(1) — — — 4,401          Securitization No. 1 hedge loss amortization charges (1) — 2,725 4,855 8,248 Adjusted net income (loss) $ 29,706 $ (9,679) $ 98,002 $ 88,007 (1)     Included in Interest, net. (2)     Included in Other income (expense). (3)     Included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. Management believes that ANI, when viewed in conjunction with the Company’s results under U.S. GAAP and the below reconciliation, provides useful information about operating and period-over-period performance and additional information that is useful for evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business without regard to periodic reporting elements related to interest rate derivative accounting, changes related to refinancing activity and non-cash share-based payment expense. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Cash Return on Equity Calculation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) CFFO Finance Lease Collections Gain (Loss) on Sale of Eqt. Deprec. Distributions in excess (less than) Equity Earnings Cash Earnings Average Shareholders’ Equity 12 Month Cash ROE 2011 $359,377 $39,092 $242,103 $156,366 $1,370,513 11.4% 2012 $427,277 $3,852 $5,747 $269,920 $166,956 $1,425,658 11.7% 2013 $424,037 $9,508 $37,220 $284,924 $185,841 $1,513,156 12.3% 2014 $458,786 $10,312 $23,146 $299,365 $667 $193,546 $1,661,228 11.7% 2015 $526,285 $9,559 $58,017 $318,783 ($52) $275,026 $1,759,871 15.6% LTM $485,228 $17,204 $29,915 $309,163 ($3,840) $219,344 $1,774,315 12.4% Note:  LTM Average Shareholders’ Equity is the average of the most recent five quarters period end Shareholders’ Equity.  Management believes that the cash return on equity metric (Cash ROE) when viewed in conjunction  with the Company’s results under US GAAP and the above reconciliation, provide useful information about operating and period-over-period performance, and provide additional information that is useful for evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business without regard to periodic reporting impacts related to non-cash revenue and expense items and interest rate derivative accounting, while recognizing the depreciating nature of our assets.  Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Cash Interest Margin Calculation – Revised (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Average NBV Quarterly Rental Revenue Cash Interest(1) Annualized Net Cash Interest Margin (2) Q1:11 $      4,041,967 $     141,116 $     41,278 9.9% Q2:11 $     4,143,446 $     143,356 $     40,021 10.0% Q3:11 $     4,222,512 $     145,890 $     42,066 9.8% Q4:11 $     4,374,921 $     149,848 $     43,041 9.8% Q1:12 $     4,388,008 $     152,242 $     44,969 9.8% Q2:12 $     4,542,477 $     156,057 $     48,798 9.4% Q3:12 $     4,697,802 $     163,630 $     41,373 10.4% Q4:12 $     4,726,457 $     163,820 $     43,461 10.2% Q1:13 $     4,740,161 $     162,319 $     48,591 9.6% Q2:13 $     4,840,396 $     164,239 $     44,915 9.9% Q3:13 $     4,863,444 $     167,876 $     47,682 9.9% Q4:13 $     5,118,601 $     176,168 $     49,080 9.9% Q1:14 $     5,312,651 $     181,095 $     51,685 9.7% Q2:14 $     5,721,521 $     190,574 $     48,172 10.0% Q3:14 $     5,483,958 $     182,227 $     44,820 10.0% Q4:14 $     5,468,637 $     181,977 $     44,459 10.1% Q1:15 $     5,743,035 $     181,027 $     50,235 9.1% Q2:15 $     5,967,898 $     189,238 $     51,413 9.2% Q3:15 $     6,048,330 $     191,878 $     51,428 9.3% Q4:15 $     5,962,874 $     188,491 $     51,250 9.2% Q1:16 $     5,988,076 $     186,730 $     51,815 9.0% Q2:16 $     5,920,030 $     184,469 $     55,779 8.7% Q3:16 $     6,265,175 $     193,909 $     57,589 8.7% (1)     Excludes loan termination payments of $3.2 million and $3.0 million in the second quarter of 2011 and 2013           respectively, and $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2016. (2)     Management’s Use of Net Cash Interest Margin:  Beginning with this earnings release for the three months           ended September 30, 2016, based on the growing level of finance and sales-type lease revenue,           management revised the calculation of net cash interest margin to include our net investment in finance and           sales-type leases in the average net book value and to include the interest income and cash collections on           our net investment in finance and sales-type lease in lease rentals.  The calculation of net cash interest           margin for all prior periods presented is revised to be comparable with the current period presentation. We define net cash interest margin as lease rentals from operating leases, interest income and cash collections from finance and sales-type leases minus interest on borrowings, net settlements on interest rate derivatives and other liabilities adjusted for loan termination payments divided by the average net book of flight equipment (which includes net investment on finance and sales-type leases) for the period calculated on a quarterly and annualized basis. Management believes that net cash interest margin, when viewed in conjunction with the Company’s results under U.S. GAAP and the above reconciliation, provides useful information about the effective deployment of our capital in the context of the yield on our aircraft assets, the utilization of those assets by our lessees, and our ability to borrow efficiently. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Cash Interest Margin Calculation – Original (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Average NBV of Flight Equipment Quarterly Lease Rental Revenue Cash Interest(1) Annualized Net Cash Interest Margin Q1:11 $   4,041,967 $     141,116 $          41,278 9.9% Q2:11 $   4,143,446 $     143,356 $          43,217 9.7% Q3:11 $   4,222,512 $     145,890 $          42,066 9.8% Q4:11 $   4,374,921 $     149,848 $          43,041 9.8% Q1:12 $   4,388,008 $     152,242 $          44,969 9.8% Q2:12 $   4,516,973 $     153,624 $          48,798 9.3% Q3:12 $   4,602,185 $     159,546 $          41,373 10.3% Q4:12 $   4,605,783 $     158,090 $          43,461 10.0% Q1:13 $   4,619,204 $     156,590 $          48,591 9.4% Q2:13 $   4,711,790 $     157,918 $          47,869 9.3% Q3:13 $   4,717,877 $     161,148 $          47,682 9.6% Q4:13 $   4,972,040 $     169,274 $          49,080 9.7% Q1:14 $   5,168,851 $     174,335 $          51,685 9.5% Q2:14 $   5,582,359 $     183,231 $          48,172 9.7% Q3:14 $   5,412,299 $     178,886 $          44,820 9.9% Q4:14 $   5,373,733 $     178,202 $          44,459 10.0% Q1:15 $   5,637,513 $     177,146 $          50,235 9.0% Q2:15 $   5,850,516 $     184,839 $          51,413 9.1% Q3:15 $   5,926,459 $     188,037 $          51,428 9.2% Q4:15 $   5,835,547 $     183,394 $          51,250 9.1% Q1:16 $   5,781,858 $     179,570 $          51,815 8.8% Q2:16 $   5,677,121 $     176,125 $          55,779 8.5% Q3:16 $   5,979,489 $     181,975 $          57,589 8.3% (1)     Excludes loan termination payments of $3.2 million and $3.0 million in the second quarter of 2011 and 2013           respectively, and $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2016. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Reconciliation of Net Income Allocable to Common Shares (In thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Weighted-average shares(1)-Basic: Shares Percent(2) Shares Percent(2) Common shares outstanding 77,990 99.14% 78,230 99.18% Unvested restricted common shares 680 0.86% 646 0.82% Total weighted-average shares outstanding 78,670 100.00% 78,876 100.00% Net income allocation Net income $27,437 100.00% $83,729 100.00% Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares (237) (0.86%) (686) (0.82%) Earnings available to common shares $27,200 99.14% $83,043 99.18% Adjusted net income allocation Adjusted net income $29,706 100.00% $98,002 100.00% Amounts allocated to unvested restricted shares (257) (0.86%) (803) (0.82%) Amounts allocated to common shares $29,449 99.14% $97,199 99.18% (1)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, dilutive shares represented contingently issuable shares related to the Company’s PSUs.  (2)     Percentages rounded to two decimal places. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Reconciliation of Net Income Allocable to Common Shares (In thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 Weighted-average shares(1)-Basic: Shares Percent(2) Shares Percent(2) Common shares outstanding 80,566 99.21% 80,566 99.26% Unvested restricted common shares 645 0.79% 604 0.74% Total weighted-average shares outstanding 81,212 100.00% 81,170 100.00% Net income (loss) allocation Net income (loss) ($13,989) 100.00% $71,088 100.00% Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares — — (529) (0.74%) Earnings (loss) available to common shares ($13,989) 100.00% $70,559 99.26% Adjusted net income (loss) allocation Adjusted net income (loss) ($9,679) 100.00% $88,007 100.00% Amounts allocated to unvested restricted shares — — (655) (0.74%) Amounts allocated to common shares ($9,679) 100.00% $87,352 99.26% (1)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 the company had no dilutive shares. (2)     Percentages rounded to two decimal places.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aircastle-announces-third-quarter-2016-results-300354638.html SOURCE Aircastle Limited Related Links http://www.aircastle.com Author ilsPosted on November 1, 2016November 1, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: LJUNGSTRÖM, fornecedora de soluções de eficiência energética, entra em acordo no processo de violação de patente contra fabricante na China Next Next post: Federação Mundial de Bolsas de Valores publica relatório com a consultoria Oliver Wyman sobre liquidez em mercados emergentes Search for: Search Recent Posts Término da fase de inscrição do registro global da Gore para tratamento endovascular da aorta Globales Register von Gore für endovaskuläre Aortenbehandlungen schließt Patientenregistrierung ab Fin du recrutement dans le Registre mondial pour le traitement aortique endovasculaire de Gore El Registro Global de Gore para el Tratamiento Endovascular de la Aorta Finaliza la Inscripción ウォーターズ、CORTECS カラムシリーズを拡大 Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Aircastle Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results Quarterly Dividend Increased to $0.26 per Common Share News provided by Aircastle Limited Nov 01, 2016, 07:30 ET Share this article STAMFORD, Conn., Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Key Financial Metrics Total revenues were $194.7 million for the third quarter of 2016 Total lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues were $187.3 million Net income was $27.4 million, or $0.35 per diluted common share versus a net loss of ($14.0) million, or ($0.17) per diluted common share in the third quarter of 2015 Adjusted net income(1) was $29.7 million, or $0.38 per diluted common share versus an adjusted net loss of ($9.7) million, or ($0.12) per diluted common share in the third quarter of 2015 Adjusted EBITDA(1) was $181.1 million for the third quarter Cash ROE(1) was 12.4%; net cash interest margin(1) was 8.7% Highlights Acquired ten aircraft for $303 million during the third quarter, and 32 aircraft for $961 million year-to-date Sold nineteen aircraft year-to-date, including five wide-bodies, two freighters, and six other aircraft to our joint ventures Secured customers for our remaining 2016 lease expirations and made strong progress with next year's lease placements Raised $1.1 billion in new financing thus far in 2016 while broadening our funding sources Declared our 42nd consecutive quarterly dividend and increased it by 8.3% (1)  Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP numbers. Aircastle Limited (the "Company" or "Aircastle") (NYSE: AYR) reported a third quarter 2016 net income of $27.4 million, or $0.35 per diluted common share, and adjusted net income of $29.7 million, or $0.38 per diluted common share.  The third quarter results included total revenues of $194.7 million, a decrease of 8.2%, versus $212.1 million in the third quarter of 2015. Commenting on the results, Ron Wainshal, Aircastle's CEO, stated "Over the past several months, investor demand for aircraft increased markedly, causing prices to rise.  We seized on this opportunity to improve the quality of our portfolio by reducing our freighter and wide-body aircraft holdings while also planting the seeds for profitable future asset sales." Mr. Wainshal added, "We expect to complete $1.5 billion in acquisitions in 2016, taking Aircastle's owned and managed fleet to nearly 200 aircraft.  This investment level exceeds last year's, though we've slowed our pace of growth during the second half as we remain disciplined buyers with limited investment commitments.  Despite the competitive market, we're still generating attractive new investments by providing aircraft sellers with value-added propositions that play to our strengths." Mr. Wainshal concluded, "Aircastle continues to grow profitably and responsibly as we reshape our portfolio towards modern, narrow-body aircraft that offer solid long-term return profiles.  At the same time, we are replacing less promising assets, even if they have higher near-term accounting yields.  We are encouraged with our success in building and enhancing the company's sustainable earnings power, and to that end, we are increasing our quarterly dividend to $0.26 per share." Michael Inglese, Aircastle's CFO, added, "We are working to drive our net cash interest margins higher as older and more expensive debt rolls off and gets replaced by flexible and attractively priced new financings and as we deploy our strong cash balances.  Similarly, we expect our portfolio management efforts to enhance the strength and duration of our revenue yields." Financial Results (in thousands, except share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Total revenues $  194,652 $  212,074 $ 568,305 $ 610,935 Lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues $  187,329 $  189,906 $ 550,696 $ 555,375 Adjusted EBITDA(1) $  181,145 $  216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 Net income (loss) $    27,437 $   (13,989 ) $   83,729 $   71,088       Per common share - Diluted $        0.35 $       (0.17 ) $       1.06 $       0.88 Adjusted net income (loss)(1) $     29,706 $     (9,679 ) $   98,002 $   88,007       Per common share - Diluted $         0.38 $       (0.12 ) $       1.24 $       1.08 (1)     Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP           numbers. Third Quarter Results Total revenues were $194.7 million, a decrease of $17.4 million, or 8.2%, from the prior year.  The decrease was driven by $8.9 million less in maintenance revenue and a $7.5 million drop in lease termination fees, stemming from a decline in scheduled lease expirations this year. Lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues during the third quarter were $187.3 million versus $189.9 million the prior year.  The 1.4% decrease reflects the net year-over-year impact from aircraft acquisitions, dispositions and lease extensions. Net income for the third quarter was $27.4 million, an improvement of $41.4 million compared to a net loss of ($14.0) million in the previous year, while adjusted net income for the third quarter of 2016 improved by $39.4 million.  Lower total revenues and gains from aircraft sales were offset by a $67.9 million reduction in aircraft impairment charges and $9.1 million less in depreciation expense. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $181.1 million, down 16.3%, or $35.2 million, versus the same quarter last year.  This result is driven primarily by declines of $15.8 million in gains from aircraft sales, $11.5 million in total lease revenue and finance lease and maintenance revenue, and $7.5 million in early termination fees. Aviation Assets We acquired ten aircraft for $303 million during the third quarter.  During the first nine months of 2016, we purchased 32 aircraft for $961 million.  The aircraft we acquired year to date had an average age of 6.8 years and an average remaining lease term of 6.4 years.  For the full year, we expect to complete $1.5 billion in aircraft acquisitions, of which $1.4 billion will be narrow-body aircraft. During the third quarter of 2016, we sold five aircraft, including two freighters and two wide-bodies.  These sales reduced our freighter fleet to nine aircraft, accounting for 8.6% of the total net book value of our flight equipment held for lease.  We also sold one A321 aircraft to our joint venture with IBJ Leasing.  Total sales proceeds during the third quarter were approximately $150 million.  We expect to record increased asset sales activity during the fourth quarter of 2016. During the first three quarters of 2016, we sold nineteen aircraft for proceeds of $489 million and a net gain on sale of $14.9 million.  These sales included five wide-body and two freighter aircraft.  Excluding the six aircraft sold to our joint ventures with Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan and IBJ Leasing, the average age of the other thirteen aircraft sold was approximately seventeen years. Our fleet utilization during the third quarter was 98.2%.  During the quarter, we delivered three aircraft that had been off-lease to airline customers.  Two of these were 737-800s acquired from a Brazilian airline prior to their delivery from Boeing and had been undergoing reconfiguration for a new lessee in China.  The other aircraft was a mid-aged A330-200 that underwent maintenance prior to its delivery to Aerolineas Argentinas.  We expect fleet utilization during the fourth quarter of 2016 to be in excess of 99%. As of September 30, 2016, Aircastle owned 175 aircraft having a net book value of $6.3 billion. We also manage eleven aircraft with a net book value of $629 million dollars on behalf of our joint ventures with Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan and IBJ Leasing of Japan. Owned Aircraft as of September 30, 2016(1) Owned Aircraft as of September 30, 2015(1) Total Flight Equipment Held for Lease ($ mils.) $ 6,270 $ 6,007 Unencumbered Flight Equipment Held for Lease ($ mils.) $ 4,343 $ 3,722 Number of Aircraft 175 160 Number of Unencumbered Aircraft 139 109 Weighted Average Fleet Age (years)(2) 7.6 7.7 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (years)(2) 5.3 5.9 Weighted Average Fleet Utilization for the period ended(3) 98.2% 99.9% Portfolio Yield for the quarter ended(4) 12.4% 12.7% Net Cash Interest Margin(5) 8.7% 9.3% (1)     Calculated using net book value of flight equipment held for lease and net investment in finance leases at period end. (2)     Weighted average based on net book value. (3)     Aircraft on-lease days as a percent of total days in period weighted by net book value. (4)     Lease rental revenue and interest income and cash collections on finance and sales-type leases for the period as a           percent of the average net book value of flight equipment held for lease and our investment in finance and sales-type           leases for the period; quarterly information is annualized. (5)     Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP           numbers.  The calculation of Net Cash Interest Margin has been revised in this presentation to include collections from           finance and sales-type leases minus interest on borrowings. Portfolio yield for the quarter was down by 31 basis points compared to last year, reflecting the shift to assets with less risk and better long-term earnings profiles but with lower near-term yields.  The net cash interest margin was 59 basis points lower compared to last year due to the drop in portfolio yield as well as higher cash balances from borrowings completed earlier in 2016.  Annual Fleet Review & Other Impairments We completed our annual fleet review for narrow-body aircraft during the third quarter and recorded impairment charges of $2.2 million and impairment losses of $2.6 million across several older 757s due to come off lease over the next fifteen months.  We anticipate selling all six of our 757s at lease end. In addition, during the quarter we recorded $6.6 million of other impairment charges, offset by $5.6 million of maintenance revenue and $2.4 million of reversed lease incentives on three older 747 converted freighters which we expect to scrap as their leases expire over the next eighteen months.  Funding During the third quarter we finished drawing down under the secured bank facility closed during the second quarter of 2016.  These draw-downs brought the total facility amount to $434 million.  This brings total debt funding raised for the year to $1.1 billion, of which approximately $700 million was unsecured.  Funding sources include the U.S. bond market, Japanese banks and leading international aerospace banking institutions. Common Dividend On October 28, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a fourth quarter 2016 cash dividend of $0.26 per share on Aircastle common shares, payable on December 15, 2016 to shareholders of record on November 29, 2016.  This is our 42nd consecutive dividend and represents an 8.3% increase over the previous quarter's cash dividend.  Since 2010, Aircastle has increased its dividend seven times for a total increase of 260% over that period. Conference Call In connection with this earnings release, management will host an earnings conference call on Tuesday, November 1, 2016 at 10:00 A.M. Eastern time.  All interested parties are welcome to participate on the live call.  The conference call can be accessed by dialing (888) 499-4035 (from within the U.S. and Canada) or (416) 204-9269 (from outside of the U.S. and Canada) ten minutes prior to the scheduled start and referencing the passcode "1757279". A simultaneous webcast of the conference call will be available to the public on a listen-only basis at www.aircastle.com.  Please allow extra time prior to the call to visit the site and download the necessary software required to listen to the internet broadcast.  A replay of the webcast will be available for one month following the call.  In addition to this earnings release an accompanying power point presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Aircastle's website. For those who are not available to listen to the live call, a replay will be available until 1:00 P.M. Eastern time on Thursday, December 1, 2016 by dialing (888) 203-1112 (from within the U.S. and Canada) or (719) 457-0820  (from outside of the U.S. and Canada); please reference passcode "1757279". About Aircastle Limited Aircastle Limited acquires, leases and sells commercial jet aircraft to airlines throughout the world.  As of September 30, 2016, Aircastle owned and managed on behalf of its joint ventures 186 aircraft leased to 65 customers located in 35 countries. Safe Harbor All statements in this press release, other than characterizations of historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not necessarily limited to, statements relating to our proposed public offering of notes and our ability to acquire, sell, lease or finance aircraft, raise capital, pay dividends, and increase revenues, earnings, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, Cash Return on Equity and Net Cash Interest Margin and the global aviation industry and aircraft leasing sector. Words such as "anticipates," "expects," "intends," "plans," "projects," "believes," "may," "will," "would," "could," "should," "seeks," "estimates" and variations on these words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our historical performance and that of our subsidiaries and on our current plans, estimates and expectations and are subject to a number of factors that could lead to actual results materially different from those described in the forward-looking statements; Aircastle can give no assurance that its expectations will be attained. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated as of the date of this press release. These risks or uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described from time to time in Aircastle's filings with the SEC and previously disclosed under "Risk Factors" in Item 1A of Aircastle's 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for Aircastle to predict or assess the impact of every factor that may cause its actual results to differ from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. Aircastle expressly disclaims any obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets (Dollars in thousands, except share data) September 30,  2016 December 31,  2015 (Unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 656,247 $ 155,904 Accounts receivable 5,266 8,566 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 54,000 98,137 Restricted liquidity facility collateral - 65,000 Flight equipment held for lease, net of accumulated depreciation of $1,245,447 and $1,306,024, respectively 6,004,489 5,867,062 Net investment in finance and sales-type leases 265,854 201,211 Unconsolidated equity method investment 67,160 50,377 Other assets 129,840 123,707 Total assets $ 7,182,856 $ 6,569,964 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY LIABILITIES Borrowings from secured financings, net of debt issuance costs $ 1,261,423 $ 1,146,238 Borrowings from unsecured financings, net of debt issuance costs 3,286,304 2,894,918 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 144,140 131,058 Lease rentals received in advance 61,095 67,327 Liquidity facility - 65,000 Security deposits 128,109 115,642 Maintenance payments 516,689 370,281 Total liabilities 5,397,760 4,790,464 Commitments and Contingencies SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Preference shares, $0.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding — — Common shares, $0.01 par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized, 78,634,133 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2016; and 80,232,260 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2015 786 802 Additional paid-in capital 1,519,849 1,550,337 Retained earnings 268,601 241,574 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (4,140) (13,213) Total shareholders' equity 1,785,096 1,779,500 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity $ 7,182,856 $ 6,569,964 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues: Lease rental revenue $ 181,975 $ 188,038 $ 537,670 $ 550,023 Finance and sales-type lease revenue 5,354 1,868 13,026 5,352 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives (521) (2,113) (5,419) (10,288) Maintenance revenue 6,829 15,726 20,603 55,148 Total lease revenue 193,637 203,519 565,880 600,235 Other revenue 1,015 8,555 2,425 10,700 Total revenues 194,652 212,074 568,305 610,935 Operating expenses: Depreciation 76,201 85,324 227,918 237,538 Interest, net 61,797 60,381 188,490 184,063 Selling, general and administrative (including non-cash share based payment expense of $2,059 and $1,424 for the three months ended and $5,796 and $3,981 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively) 15,985 14,032 46,883 42,663 Impairment of Aircraft 10,462 78,403 27,185 102,358 Maintenance and other costs 1,834 2,520 5,504 9,126 Total expenses 166,279 240,660 495,980 575,748 Other income (expense): Gain (loss) on sale of flight equipment (73) 15,679 14,932 43,034 Other (210) 70 (136) 341 Total other income (expense) (283) 15,749 14,796 43,375 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 28,090 (12,837) 87,121 78,562 Income tax provision 2,458 2,709 8,782 12,037 Earnings of unconsolidated equity method investment, net of tax 1,805 1,557 5,390 4,563 Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Earnings (loss) per common share — Basic: Net income (loss) per share $ 0.35 $ (0.17) $ 1.06 $ 0.88 Earnings (loss) per common share — Diluted: Net income (loss) per share $ 0.35 $ (0.17) $ 1.06 $ 0.88 Dividends declared per share $ 0.24 $ 0.22 $ 0.72 $ 0.66 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 227,918 237,538 Amortization of deferred financing costs 13,567 11,211 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives 5,419 10,288 Deferred income taxes 3,129 (1,455) Non-cash share-based payment expense 5,796 3,981 Cash flow hedges reclassified into earnings 9,074 19,349 Security deposits and maintenance payments included in earnings (12,844) (20,645) Gain on sale of flight equipment (14,932) (43,034) Impairment of aircraft 27,185 102,358 Other (4,712) 269 Changes in certain assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 1,699 253 Other assets 3,815 (4,382) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 16,459 14,085 Lease rentals received in advance 2,111 7,566 Net cash provided by operating activities 367,413 408,470 Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition and improvement of flight equipment and lease incentives (792,270) (1,034,578) Proceeds from sale of flight equipment 488,749 343,020 Restricted cash and cash equivalents related to sale of flight equipment 17,000 — Aircraft purchase deposits and progress payments, net of returned deposits and aircraft sale deposits (14,035) (4,421) Net investment in finance and sales-type leases (78,892) (24,000) Collections on finance and sales-type leases 14,413 6,768 Unconsolidated equity method investment and associated costs (12,686) — Other (812) (260) Net cash used in investing activities (378,533) (713,471) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchase of shares (36,573) (1,960) Proceeds from secured and unsecured debt financings 999,350 800,000 Repayments of secured and unsecured debt financings (489,134) (548,359) Deferred financing costs (17,273) (12,185) Restricted liquidity facility collateral 65,000 — Liquidity facility (65,000) — Restricted cash and cash equivalents related to financing activities 27,137 14,626 Security deposits and maintenance payments received 123,767 114,644 Security deposits and maintenance payments returned (37,036) (28,797) Other (2,073) — Dividends paid (56,702) (53,583) Net cash provided by financing activities 511,463 284,386 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 500,343 (20,615) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 155,904 169,656 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $            656,247 $            149,041 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Selected Financial Guidance Elements for the Fourth Quarter of 2016 ($ in millions, except for percentages) (Unaudited) Guidance Item Q4:16 Lease rental revenue $185 - $189 Finance lease revenue $4 - $5 Maintenance revenue $7 - $9 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives ($3) – ($4) SG&A1 $15 - $16 Depreciation $78 - $81 Interest, net $62 - $64 Gain on sale $5 - $15 Full year effective tax rate 9% - 11% 1. Includes $2.1M of non-cash share based payment expense. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Supplemental Financial Information (Amount in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues $  194,652 $  212,074 $ 568,305 $ 610,935 EBITDA(1) $  168,414 $  136,538 $ 514,338 $ 515,014 Adjusted EBITDA(1) $  181,145 $  216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 Net income (loss) $     27,437 $  (13,989) $  83,729 $  71,088 Net income (loss) allocable to common shares $     27,200 $  (13,989) $  83,043 $  70,559   Per common share - Basic $         0.35 $      (0.17) $      1.06 $      0.88   Per common share - Diluted $         0.35 $      (0.17) $      1.06 $      0.88 Adjusted net income (loss)(1) $     29,706 $    (9,679) $   98,002 $   88,007 Adjusted net income (loss) allocable to common shares $     29,449 $    (9,679) $   97,199 $   87,352 Per common share - Basic $         0.38 $      (0.12) $       1.24 $       1.08 Per common share - Diluted $         0.38 $      (0.12) $       1.24 $       1.08 Basic common shares outstanding 77,990 80,566 78,230 80,566 Diluted common shares outstanding(2) 78,022 80,566 78,266 80,566 (1)     Refer to the selected information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP information (2)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, includes 32,235 and 35,804 dilutive shares, respectively. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 (Dollars in thousands) Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Depreciation 76,201 85,324 227,918 237,538 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives 521 2,113 5,419 10,288 Interest, net 61,797 60,381 188,490 184,063 Income tax provision 2,458 2,709 8,782 12,037      EBITDA 168,414 136,538 514,338 515,014 Adjustments:   Impairment of aircraft 10,462 78,403 27,185 102,358   Non-cash share-based payment expense 2,059 1,424 5,796 3,981   (Gain) loss on mark-to-market of interest rate derivative contracts 210 (54) 141 (220)      Adjusted EBITDA $ 181,145 $ 216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 We define EBITDA as income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes, interest expense, and depreciation and amortization. We use EBITDA to assess our consolidated financial and operating performance, and we believe this non-U.S. GAAP measure is helpful in identifying trends in our performance. This measure provides an assessment of controllable expenses and affords management the ability to make decisions which are expected to facilitate meeting current financial goals as well as achieving optimal financial performance. It provides an indicator for management to determine if adjustments to current spending decisions are needed. EBITDA provides us with a measure of operating performance because it assists us in comparing our operating performance on a consistent basis as it removes the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest charges on our outstanding debt) and asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization) from our operating results. Accordingly, this metric measures our financial performance based on operational factors that management can impact in the short-term, namely the cost structure, or expenses, of the organization. EBITDA is one of the metrics used by senior management and the board of directors to review the consolidated financial performance of our business. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA (as defined above) further adjusted to give effect to adjustments required in calculating covenant ratios and compliance as that term is defined in the indenture governing our senior unsecured notes.  Adjusted EBITDA is a material component of these covenants. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Adjusted Net Income Reconciliation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 (Dollars in thousands) Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Loan termination fee(1) — — 1,509 — Ineffective portion and termination of hedges(1) — 215 — 509 (Gain) loss on mark to market of interest rate derivative contracts(2) 210 (54) 141 (220) Write-off of deferred financing fees(1) — — 1,972 —          Non-cash share based payment expense(3) 2,059 1,424 5,796 3,981          Term Financing No. 1 hedge loss amortization charges(1) — — — 4,401          Securitization No. 1 hedge loss amortization charges (1) — 2,725 4,855 8,248 Adjusted net income (loss) $ 29,706 $ (9,679) $ 98,002 $ 88,007 (1)     Included in Interest, net. (2)     Included in Other income (expense). (3)     Included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. Management believes that ANI, when viewed in conjunction with the Company's results under U.S. GAAP and the below reconciliation, provides useful information about operating and period-over-period performance and additional information that is useful for evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business without regard to periodic reporting elements related to interest rate derivative accounting, changes related to refinancing activity and non-cash share-based payment expense. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Cash Return on Equity Calculation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) CFFO Finance Lease Collections Gain (Loss) on Sale of Eqt. Deprec. Distributions in excess (less than) Equity Earnings Cash Earnings Average Shareholders' Equity 12 Month Cash ROE 2011 $359,377 $39,092 $242,103 $156,366 $1,370,513 11.4% 2012 $427,277 $3,852 $5,747 $269,920 $166,956 $1,425,658 11.7% 2013 $424,037 $9,508 $37,220 $284,924 $185,841 $1,513,156 12.3% 2014 $458,786 $10,312 $23,146 $299,365 $667 $193,546 $1,661,228 11.7% 2015 $526,285 $9,559 $58,017 $318,783 ($52) $275,026 $1,759,871 15.6% LTM $485,228 $17,204 $29,915 $309,163 ($3,840) $219,344 $1,774,315 12.4% Note:  LTM Average Shareholders' Equity is the average of the most recent five quarters period end Shareholders' Equity.  Management believes that the cash return on equity metric (Cash ROE) when viewed in conjunction  with the Company's results under US GAAP and the above reconciliation, provide useful information about operating and period-over-period performance, and provide additional information that is useful for evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business without regard to periodic reporting impacts related to non-cash revenue and expense items and interest rate derivative accounting, while recognizing the depreciating nature of our assets.  Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Cash Interest Margin Calculation - Revised (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Average NBV Quarterly Rental Revenue Cash Interest(1) Annualized Net Cash Interest Margin (2) Q1:11 $      4,041,967 $     141,116 $     41,278 9.9% Q2:11 $     4,143,446 $     143,356 $     40,021 10.0% Q3:11 $     4,222,512 $     145,890 $     42,066 9.8% Q4:11 $     4,374,921 $     149,848 $     43,041 9.8% Q1:12 $     4,388,008 $     152,242 $     44,969 9.8% Q2:12 $     4,542,477 $     156,057 $     48,798 9.4% Q3:12 $     4,697,802 $     163,630 $     41,373 10.4% Q4:12 $     4,726,457 $     163,820 $     43,461 10.2% Q1:13 $     4,740,161 $     162,319 $     48,591 9.6% Q2:13 $     4,840,396 $     164,239 $     44,915 9.9% Q3:13 $     4,863,444 $     167,876 $     47,682 9.9% Q4:13 $     5,118,601 $     176,168 $     49,080 9.9% Q1:14 $     5,312,651 $     181,095 $     51,685 9.7% Q2:14 $     5,721,521 $     190,574 $     48,172 10.0% Q3:14 $     5,483,958 $     182,227 $     44,820 10.0% Q4:14 $     5,468,637 $     181,977 $     44,459 10.1% Q1:15 $     5,743,035 $     181,027 $     50,235 9.1% Q2:15 $     5,967,898 $     189,238 $     51,413 9.2% Q3:15 $     6,048,330 $     191,878 $     51,428 9.3% Q4:15 $     5,962,874 $     188,491 $     51,250 9.2% Q1:16 $     5,988,076 $     186,730 $     51,815 9.0% Q2:16 $     5,920,030 $     184,469 $     55,779 8.7% Q3:16 $     6,265,175 $     193,909 $     57,589 8.7% (1)     Excludes loan termination payments of $3.2 million and $3.0 million in the second quarter of 2011 and 2013           respectively, and $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2016. (2)     Management's Use of Net Cash Interest Margin:  Beginning with this earnings release for the three months           ended September 30, 2016, based on the growing level of finance and sales-type lease revenue,           management revised the calculation of net cash interest margin to include our net investment in finance and           sales-type leases in the average net book value and to include the interest income and cash collections on           our net investment in finance and sales-type lease in lease rentals.  The calculation of net cash interest           margin for all prior periods presented is revised to be comparable with the current period presentation. We define net cash interest margin as lease rentals from operating leases, interest income and cash collections from finance and sales-type leases minus interest on borrowings, net settlements on interest rate derivatives and other liabilities adjusted for loan termination payments divided by the average net book of flight equipment (which includes net investment on finance and sales-type leases) for the period calculated on a quarterly and annualized basis. Management believes that net cash interest margin, when viewed in conjunction with the Company's results under U.S. GAAP and the above reconciliation, provides useful information about the effective deployment of our capital in the context of the yield on our aircraft assets, the utilization of those assets by our lessees, and our ability to borrow efficiently. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Cash Interest Margin Calculation - Original (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Average NBV of Flight Equipment Quarterly Lease Rental Revenue Cash Interest(1) Annualized Net Cash Interest Margin Q1:11 $   4,041,967 $     141,116 $          41,278 9.9% Q2:11 $   4,143,446 $     143,356 $          43,217 9.7% Q3:11 $   4,222,512 $     145,890 $          42,066 9.8% Q4:11 $   4,374,921 $     149,848 $          43,041 9.8% Q1:12 $   4,388,008 $     152,242 $          44,969 9.8% Q2:12 $   4,516,973 $     153,624 $          48,798 9.3% Q3:12 $   4,602,185 $     159,546 $          41,373 10.3% Q4:12 $   4,605,783 $     158,090 $          43,461 10.0% Q1:13 $   4,619,204 $     156,590 $          48,591 9.4% Q2:13 $   4,711,790 $     157,918 $          47,869 9.3% Q3:13 $   4,717,877 $     161,148 $          47,682 9.6% Q4:13 $   4,972,040 $     169,274 $          49,080 9.7% Q1:14 $   5,168,851 $     174,335 $          51,685 9.5% Q2:14 $   5,582,359 $     183,231 $          48,172 9.7% Q3:14 $   5,412,299 $     178,886 $          44,820 9.9% Q4:14 $   5,373,733 $     178,202 $          44,459 10.0% Q1:15 $   5,637,513 $     177,146 $          50,235 9.0% Q2:15 $   5,850,516 $     184,839 $          51,413 9.1% Q3:15 $   5,926,459 $     188,037 $          51,428 9.2% Q4:15 $   5,835,547 $     183,394 $          51,250 9.1% Q1:16 $   5,781,858 $     179,570 $          51,815 8.8% Q2:16 $   5,677,121 $     176,125 $          55,779 8.5% Q3:16 $   5,979,489 $     181,975 $          57,589 8.3% (1)     Excludes loan termination payments of $3.2 million and $3.0 million in the second quarter of 2011 and 2013           respectively, and $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2016. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Reconciliation of Net Income Allocable to Common Shares (In thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Weighted-average shares(1)-Basic: Shares Percent(2) Shares Percent(2) Common shares outstanding 77,990 99.14% 78,230 99.18% Unvested restricted common shares 680 0.86% 646 0.82% Total weighted-average shares outstanding 78,670 100.00% 78,876 100.00% Net income allocation Net income $27,437 100.00% $83,729 100.00% Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares (237) (0.86%) (686) (0.82%) Earnings available to common shares $27,200 99.14% $83,043 99.18% Adjusted net income allocation Adjusted net income $29,706 100.00% $98,002 100.00% Amounts allocated to unvested restricted shares (257) (0.86%) (803) (0.82%) Amounts allocated to common shares $29,449 99.14% $97,199 99.18% (1)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, dilutive shares represented contingently issuable shares related to the Company's PSUs.  (2)     Percentages rounded to two decimal places. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Reconciliation of Net Income Allocable to Common Shares (In thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 Weighted-average shares(1)-Basic: Shares Percent(2) Shares Percent(2) Common shares outstanding 80,566 99.21% 80,566 99.26% Unvested restricted common shares 645 0.79% 604 0.74% Total weighted-average shares outstanding 81,212 100.00% 81,170 100.00% Net income (loss) allocation Net income (loss) ($13,989) 100.00% $71,088 100.00% Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares -- -- (529) (0.74%) Earnings (loss) available to common shares ($13,989) 100.00% $70,559 99.26% Adjusted net income (loss) allocation Adjusted net income (loss) ($9,679) 100.00% $88,007 100.00% Amounts allocated to unvested restricted shares -- -- (655) (0.74%) Amounts allocated to common shares ($9,679) 100.00% $87,352 99.26% (1)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 the company had no dilutive shares. (2)     Percentages rounded to two decimal places. Contact: Aircastle Advisor LLC The IGB Group Frank Constantinople, SVP Investor Relations Leon Berman Tel: +1-203-504-1063 Tel: +1-212-477-8483 fconstantinople@aircastle.com  lberman@igbir.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/aircastle-announces-third-quarter-2016-results-300354638.html SOURCE Aircastle Limited Related Links http://www.aircastle.com Nov 01, 2016, 10:21 ET Preview: Aircastle to Announce Third Quarter 2016 Earnings on November 1, 2016 Oct 18, 2016, 16:15 ET Preview: Aircastle to Announce Third Quarter 2016 Earnings on November 1, 2016 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 01, 2016, 10:21 ETAircastle to Announce Third Quarter 2016 Earnings on November 1,... Oct 18, 2016, 16:15 ETAircastle to Announce Third Quarter 2016 Earnings on November 1,... Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Banking & Financial Services Earnings You just read: Aircastle Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results News provided by Aircastle Limited Nov 01, 2016, 07:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Aircastle Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results STAMFORD, Conn., Nov. 1, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Key Financial Metrics Total revenues were $194.7 million for the third quarter of 2016 Total lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues were $187.3 million Net income was $27.4 million, or $0.35 per diluted common share versus a net loss of ($14.0) million, or ($0.17) per diluted common share in the third quarter of 2015 Adjusted net income(1) was $29.7 million, or $0.38 per diluted common share versus an adjusted net loss of ($9.7) million, or ($0.12) per diluted common share in the third quarter of 2015 Adjusted EBITDA(1) was $181.1 million for the third quarter Cash ROE(1) was 12.4%; net cash interest margin(1) was 8.7% Highlights Acquired ten aircraft for $303 million during the third quarter, and 32 aircraft for $961 million year-to-date Sold nineteen aircraft year-to-date, including five wide-bodies, two freighters, and six other aircraft to our joint ventures Secured customers for our remaining 2016 lease expirations and made strong progress with next year’s lease placements Raised $1.1 billion in new financing thus far in 2016 while broadening our funding sources Declared our 42nd consecutive quarterly dividend and increased it by 8.3% (1)  Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP numbers. Aircastle Limited (the “Company” or “Aircastle”) (NYSE: AYR) reported a third quarter 2016 net income of $27.4 million, or $0.35 per diluted common share, and adjusted net income of $29.7 million, or $0.38 per diluted common share.  The third quarter results included total revenues of $194.7 million, a decrease of 8.2%, versus $212.1 million in the third quarter of 2015. Commenting on the results, Ron Wainshal, Aircastle’s CEO, stated “Over the past several months, investor demand for aircraft increased markedly, causing prices to rise.  We seized on this opportunity to improve the quality of our portfolio by reducing our freighter and wide-body aircraft holdings while also planting the seeds for profitable future asset sales.” Mr. Wainshal added, “We expect to complete $1.5 billion in acquisitions in 2016, taking Aircastle’s owned and managed fleet to nearly 200 aircraft.  This investment level exceeds last year’s, though we’ve slowed our pace of growth during the second half as we remain disciplined buyers with limited investment commitments.  Despite the competitive market, we’re still generating attractive new investments by providing aircraft sellers with value-added propositions that play to our strengths.” Mr. Wainshal concluded, “Aircastle continues to grow profitably and responsibly as we reshape our portfolio towards modern, narrow-body aircraft that offer solid long-term return profiles.  At the same time, we are replacing less promising assets, even if they have higher near-term accounting yields.  We are encouraged with our success in building and enhancing the company’s sustainable earnings power, and to that end, we are increasing our quarterly dividend to $0.26 per share.” Michael Inglese, Aircastle’s CFO, added, “We are working to drive our net cash interest margins higher as older and more expensive debt rolls off and gets replaced by flexible and attractively priced new financings and as we deploy our strong cash balances.  Similarly, we expect our portfolio management efforts to enhance the strength and duration of our revenue yields.” Financial Results (in thousands, except share data) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Total revenues $  194,652 $  212,074 $ 568,305 $ 610,935 Lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues $  187,329 $  189,906 $ 550,696 $ 555,375 Adjusted EBITDA(1) $  181,145 $  216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 Net income (loss) $    27,437 $   (13,989 ) $   83,729 $   71,088       Per common share – Diluted $        0.35 $       (0.17 ) $       1.06 $       0.88 Adjusted net income (loss)(1) $     29,706 $     (9,679 ) $   98,002 $   88,007       Per common share – Diluted $         0.38 $       (0.12 ) $       1.24 $       1.08 (1)     Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP           numbers. Third Quarter Results Total revenues were $194.7 million, a decrease of $17.4 million, or 8.2%, from the prior year.  The decrease was driven by $8.9 million less in maintenance revenue and a $7.5 million drop in lease termination fees, stemming from a decline in scheduled lease expirations this year. Lease rental and finance and sales-type lease revenues during the third quarter were $187.3 million versus $189.9 million the prior year.  The 1.4% decrease reflects the net year-over-year impact from aircraft acquisitions, dispositions and lease extensions. Net income for the third quarter was $27.4 million, an improvement of $41.4 million compared to a net loss of ($14.0) million in the previous year, while adjusted net income for the third quarter of 2016 improved by $39.4 million.  Lower total revenues and gains from aircraft sales were offset by a $67.9 million reduction in aircraft impairment charges and $9.1 million less in depreciation expense. Adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter was $181.1 million, down 16.3%, or $35.2 million, versus the same quarter last year.  This result is driven primarily by declines of $15.8 million in gains from aircraft sales, $11.5 million in total lease revenue and finance lease and maintenance revenue, and $7.5 million in early termination fees. Aviation Assets We acquired ten aircraft for $303 million during the third quarter.  During the first nine months of 2016, we purchased 32 aircraft for $961 million.  The aircraft we acquired year to date had an average age of 6.8 years and an average remaining lease term of 6.4 years.  For the full year, we expect to complete $1.5 billion in aircraft acquisitions, of which $1.4 billion will be narrow-body aircraft. During the third quarter of 2016, we sold five aircraft, including two freighters and two wide-bodies.  These sales reduced our freighter fleet to nine aircraft, accounting for 8.6% of the total net book value of our flight equipment held for lease.  We also sold one A321 aircraft to our joint venture with IBJ Leasing.  Total sales proceeds during the third quarter were approximately $150 million.  We expect to record increased asset sales activity during the fourth quarter of 2016. During the first three quarters of 2016, we sold nineteen aircraft for proceeds of $489 million and a net gain on sale of $14.9 million.  These sales included five wide-body and two freighter aircraft.  Excluding the six aircraft sold to our joint ventures with Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan and IBJ Leasing, the average age of the other thirteen aircraft sold was approximately seventeen years. Our fleet utilization during the third quarter was 98.2%.  During the quarter, we delivered three aircraft that had been off-lease to airline customers.  Two of these were 737-800s acquired from a Brazilian airline prior to their delivery from Boeing and had been undergoing reconfiguration for a new lessee in China.  The other aircraft was a mid-aged A330-200 that underwent maintenance prior to its delivery to Aerolineas Argentinas.  We expect fleet utilization during the fourth quarter of 2016 to be in excess of 99%. As of September 30, 2016, Aircastle owned 175 aircraft having a net book value of $6.3 billion. We also manage eleven aircraft with a net book value of $629 million dollars on behalf of our joint ventures with Ontario Teachers’ Pension Plan and IBJ Leasing of Japan. Owned Aircraft as of September 30, 2016(1) Owned Aircraft as of September 30, 2015(1) Total Flight Equipment Held for Lease ($ mils.) $ 6,270 $ 6,007 Unencumbered Flight Equipment Held for Lease ($ mils.) $ 4,343 $ 3,722 Number of Aircraft 175 160 Number of Unencumbered Aircraft 139 109 Weighted Average Fleet Age (years)(2) 7.6 7.7 Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term (years)(2) 5.3 5.9 Weighted Average Fleet Utilization for the period ended(3) 98.2% 99.9% Portfolio Yield for the quarter ended(4) 12.4% 12.7% Net Cash Interest Margin(5) 8.7% 9.3% (1)     Calculated using net book value of flight equipment held for lease and net investment in finance leases at period end. (2)     Weighted average based on net book value. (3)     Aircraft on-lease days as a percent of total days in period weighted by net book value. (4)     Lease rental revenue and interest income and cash collections on finance and sales-type leases for the period as a           percent of the average net book value of flight equipment held for lease and our investment in finance and sales-type           leases for the period; quarterly information is annualized. (5)     Refer to the selected financial information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP           numbers.  The calculation of Net Cash Interest Margin has been revised in this presentation to include collections from           finance and sales-type leases minus interest on borrowings. Portfolio yield for the quarter was down by 31 basis points compared to last year, reflecting the shift to assets with less risk and better long-term earnings profiles but with lower near-term yields.  The net cash interest margin was 59 basis points lower compared to last year due to the drop in portfolio yield as well as higher cash balances from borrowings completed earlier in 2016.  Annual Fleet Review & Other Impairments We completed our annual fleet review for narrow-body aircraft during the third quarter and recorded impairment charges of $2.2 million and impairment losses of $2.6 million across several older 757s due to come off lease over the next fifteen months.  We anticipate selling all six of our 757s at lease end. In addition, during the quarter we recorded $6.6 million of other impairment charges, offset by $5.6 million of maintenance revenue and $2.4 million of reversed lease incentives on three older 747 converted freighters which we expect to scrap as their leases expire over the next eighteen months.  Funding During the third quarter we finished drawing down under the secured bank facility closed during the second quarter of 2016.  These draw-downs brought the total facility amount to $434 million.  This brings total debt funding raised for the year to $1.1 billion, of which approximately $700 million was unsecured.  Funding sources include the U.S. bond market, Japanese banks and leading international aerospace banking institutions. Common Dividend On October 28, 2016, our Board of Directors declared a fourth quarter 2016 cash dividend of $0.26 per share on Aircastle common shares, payable on December 15, 2016 to shareholders of record on November 29, 2016.  This is our 42nd consecutive dividend and represents an 8.3% increase over the previous quarter’s cash dividend.  Since 2010, Aircastle has increased its dividend seven times for a total increase of 260% over that period. Conference Call In connection with this earnings release, management will host an earnings conference call on Tuesday, November 1, 2016 at 10:00 A.M. Eastern time.  All interested parties are welcome to participate on the live call.  The conference call can be accessed by dialing (888) 499-4035 (from within the U.S. and Canada) or (416) 204-9269 (from outside of the U.S. and Canada) ten minutes prior to the scheduled start and referencing the passcode “1757279”. A simultaneous webcast of the conference call will be available to the public on a listen-only basis at www.aircastle.com.  Please allow extra time prior to the call to visit the site and download the necessary software required to listen to the internet broadcast.  A replay of the webcast will be available for one month following the call.  In addition to this earnings release an accompanying power point presentation has been posted to the Investor Relations section of Aircastle’s website. For those who are not available to listen to the live call, a replay will be available until 1:00 P.M. Eastern time on Thursday, December 1, 2016 by dialing (888) 203-1112 (from within the U.S. and Canada) or (719) 457-0820  (from outside of the U.S. and Canada); please reference passcode “1757279”. About Aircastle Limited Aircastle Limited acquires, leases and sells commercial jet aircraft to airlines throughout the world.  As of September 30, 2016, Aircastle owned and managed on behalf of its joint ventures 186 aircraft leased to 65 customers located in 35 countries. Safe Harbor All statements in this press release, other than characterizations of historical fact, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not necessarily limited to, statements relating to our proposed public offering of notes and our ability to acquire, sell, lease or finance aircraft, raise capital, pay dividends, and increase revenues, earnings, EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Adjusted Net Income, Cash Return on Equity and Net Cash Interest Margin and the global aviation industry and aircraft leasing sector. Words such as “anticipates,” “expects,” “intends,” “plans,” “projects,” “believes,” “may,” “will,” “would,” “could,” “should,” “seeks,” “estimates” and variations on these words and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. These statements are based on our historical performance and that of our subsidiaries and on our current plans, estimates and expectations and are subject to a number of factors that could lead to actual results materially different from those described in the forward-looking statements; Aircastle can give no assurance that its expectations will be attained. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements which are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated as of the date of this press release. These risks or uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those described from time to time in Aircastle’s filings with the SEC and previously disclosed under “Risk Factors” in Item 1A of Aircastle’s 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, new risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for Aircastle to predict or assess the impact of every factor that may cause its actual results to differ from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this press release. Aircastle expressly disclaims any obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement to reflect future events or circumstances. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets (Dollars in thousands, except share data) September 30,  2016 December 31,  2015 (Unaudited) ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents $ 656,247 $ 155,904 Accounts receivable 5,266 8,566 Restricted cash and cash equivalents 54,000 98,137 Restricted liquidity facility collateral – 65,000 Flight equipment held for lease, net of accumulated depreciation of $1,245,447 and $1,306,024, respectively 6,004,489 5,867,062 Net investment in finance and sales-type leases 265,854 201,211 Unconsolidated equity method investment 67,160 50,377 Other assets 129,840 123,707 Total assets $ 7,182,856 $ 6,569,964 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY LIABILITIES Borrowings from secured financings, net of debt issuance costs $ 1,261,423 $ 1,146,238 Borrowings from unsecured financings, net of debt issuance costs 3,286,304 2,894,918 Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 144,140 131,058 Lease rentals received in advance 61,095 67,327 Liquidity facility – 65,000 Security deposits 128,109 115,642 Maintenance payments 516,689 370,281 Total liabilities 5,397,760 4,790,464 Commitments and Contingencies SHAREHOLDERS’ EQUITY Preference shares, $0.01 par value, 50,000,000 shares authorized, no shares issued and outstanding — — Common shares, $0.01 par value, 250,000,000 shares authorized, 78,634,133 shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2016; and 80,232,260 shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2015 786 802 Additional paid-in capital 1,519,849 1,550,337 Retained earnings 268,601 241,574 Accumulated other comprehensive loss (4,140) (13,213) Total shareholders’ equity 1,785,096 1,779,500 Total liabilities and shareholders’ equity $ 7,182,856 $ 6,569,964 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues: Lease rental revenue $ 181,975 $ 188,038 $ 537,670 $ 550,023 Finance and sales-type lease revenue 5,354 1,868 13,026 5,352 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives (521) (2,113) (5,419) (10,288) Maintenance revenue 6,829 15,726 20,603 55,148 Total lease revenue 193,637 203,519 565,880 600,235 Other revenue 1,015 8,555 2,425 10,700 Total revenues 194,652 212,074 568,305 610,935 Operating expenses: Depreciation 76,201 85,324 227,918 237,538 Interest, net 61,797 60,381 188,490 184,063 Selling, general and administrative (including non-cash share based payment expense of $2,059 and $1,424 for the three months ended and $5,796 and $3,981 for the nine months ended September 30, 2016 and 2015, respectively) 15,985 14,032 46,883 42,663 Impairment of Aircraft 10,462 78,403 27,185 102,358 Maintenance and other costs 1,834 2,520 5,504 9,126 Total expenses 166,279 240,660 495,980 575,748 Other income (expense): Gain (loss) on sale of flight equipment (73) 15,679 14,932 43,034 Other (210) 70 (136) 341 Total other income (expense) (283) 15,749 14,796 43,375 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 28,090 (12,837) 87,121 78,562 Income tax provision 2,458 2,709 8,782 12,037 Earnings of unconsolidated equity method investment, net of tax 1,805 1,557 5,390 4,563 Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Earnings (loss) per common share — Basic: Net income (loss) per share $ 0.35 $ (0.17) $ 1.06 $ 0.88 Earnings (loss) per common share — Diluted: Net income (loss) per share $ 0.35 $ (0.17) $ 1.06 $ 0.88 Dividends declared per share $ 0.24 $ 0.22 $ 0.72 $ 0.66 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation 227,918 237,538 Amortization of deferred financing costs 13,567 11,211 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives 5,419 10,288 Deferred income taxes 3,129 (1,455) Non-cash share-based payment expense 5,796 3,981 Cash flow hedges reclassified into earnings 9,074 19,349 Security deposits and maintenance payments included in earnings (12,844) (20,645) Gain on sale of flight equipment (14,932) (43,034) Impairment of aircraft 27,185 102,358 Other (4,712) 269 Changes in certain assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 1,699 253 Other assets 3,815 (4,382) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 16,459 14,085 Lease rentals received in advance 2,111 7,566 Net cash provided by operating activities 367,413 408,470 Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition and improvement of flight equipment and lease incentives (792,270) (1,034,578) Proceeds from sale of flight equipment 488,749 343,020 Restricted cash and cash equivalents related to sale of flight equipment 17,000 — Aircraft purchase deposits and progress payments, net of returned deposits and aircraft sale deposits (14,035) (4,421) Net investment in finance and sales-type leases (78,892) (24,000) Collections on finance and sales-type leases 14,413 6,768 Unconsolidated equity method investment and associated costs (12,686) — Other (812) (260) Net cash used in investing activities (378,533) (713,471) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchase of shares (36,573) (1,960) Proceeds from secured and unsecured debt financings 999,350 800,000 Repayments of secured and unsecured debt financings (489,134) (548,359) Deferred financing costs (17,273) (12,185) Restricted liquidity facility collateral 65,000 — Liquidity facility (65,000) — Restricted cash and cash equivalents related to financing activities 27,137 14,626 Security deposits and maintenance payments received 123,767 114,644 Security deposits and maintenance payments returned (37,036) (28,797) Other (2,073) — Dividends paid (56,702) (53,583) Net cash provided by financing activities 511,463 284,386 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 500,343 (20,615) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 155,904 169,656 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period $            656,247 $            149,041 Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Selected Financial Guidance Elements for the Fourth Quarter of 2016 ($ in millions, except for percentages) (Unaudited) Guidance Item Q4:16 Lease rental revenue $185 – $189 Finance lease revenue $4 – $5 Maintenance revenue $7 – $9 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives ($3) – ($4) SG&A1 $15 – $16 Depreciation $78 – $81 Interest, net $62 – $64 Gain on sale $5 – $15 Full year effective tax rate 9% – 11% 1. Includes $2.1M of non-cash share based payment expense. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Supplemental Financial Information (Amount in thousands, except per share amounts) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 Revenues $  194,652 $  212,074 $ 568,305 $ 610,935 EBITDA(1) $  168,414 $  136,538 $ 514,338 $ 515,014 Adjusted EBITDA(1) $  181,145 $  216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 Net income (loss) $     27,437 $  (13,989) $  83,729 $  71,088 Net income (loss) allocable to common shares $     27,200 $  (13,989) $  83,043 $  70,559   Per common share – Basic $         0.35 $      (0.17) $      1.06 $      0.88   Per common share – Diluted $         0.35 $      (0.17) $      1.06 $      0.88 Adjusted net income (loss)(1) $     29,706 $    (9,679) $   98,002 $   88,007 Adjusted net income (loss) allocable to common shares $     29,449 $    (9,679) $   97,199 $   87,352 Per common share – Basic $         0.38 $      (0.12) $       1.24 $       1.08 Per common share – Diluted $         0.38 $      (0.12) $       1.24 $       1.08 Basic common shares outstanding 77,990 80,566 78,230 80,566 Diluted common shares outstanding(2) 78,022 80,566 78,266 80,566 (1)     Refer to the selected information accompanying this press release for a reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP information (2)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, includes 32,235 and 35,804 dilutive shares, respectively. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Reconciliation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 (Dollars in thousands) Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Depreciation 76,201 85,324 227,918 237,538 Amortization of net lease discounts and lease incentives 521 2,113 5,419 10,288 Interest, net 61,797 60,381 188,490 184,063 Income tax provision 2,458 2,709 8,782 12,037      EBITDA 168,414 136,538 514,338 515,014 Adjustments:   Impairment of aircraft 10,462 78,403 27,185 102,358   Non-cash share-based payment expense 2,059 1,424 5,796 3,981   (Gain) loss on mark-to-market of interest rate derivative contracts 210 (54) 141 (220)      Adjusted EBITDA $ 181,145 $ 216,311 $ 547,460 $ 621,133 We define EBITDA as income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes, interest expense, and depreciation and amortization. We use EBITDA to assess our consolidated financial and operating performance, and we believe this non-U.S. GAAP measure is helpful in identifying trends in our performance. This measure provides an assessment of controllable expenses and affords management the ability to make decisions which are expected to facilitate meeting current financial goals as well as achieving optimal financial performance. It provides an indicator for management to determine if adjustments to current spending decisions are needed. EBITDA provides us with a measure of operating performance because it assists us in comparing our operating performance on a consistent basis as it removes the impact of our capital structure (primarily interest charges on our outstanding debt) and asset base (primarily depreciation and amortization) from our operating results. Accordingly, this metric measures our financial performance based on operational factors that management can impact in the short-term, namely the cost structure, or expenses, of the organization. EBITDA is one of the metrics used by senior management and the board of directors to review the consolidated financial performance of our business. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA (as defined above) further adjusted to give effect to adjustments required in calculating covenant ratios and compliance as that term is defined in the indenture governing our senior unsecured notes.  Adjusted EBITDA is a material component of these covenants. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Adjusted Net Income Reconciliation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 2015 2016 2015 (Dollars in thousands) Net income (loss) $ 27,437 $ (13,989) $ 83,729 $ 71,088 Loan termination fee(1) — — 1,509 — Ineffective portion and termination of hedges(1) — 215 — 509 (Gain) loss on mark to market of interest rate derivative contracts(2) 210 (54) 141 (220) Write-off of deferred financing fees(1) — — 1,972 —          Non-cash share based payment expense(3) 2,059 1,424 5,796 3,981          Term Financing No. 1 hedge loss amortization charges(1) — — — 4,401          Securitization No. 1 hedge loss amortization charges (1) — 2,725 4,855 8,248 Adjusted net income (loss) $ 29,706 $ (9,679) $ 98,002 $ 88,007 (1)     Included in Interest, net. (2)     Included in Other income (expense). (3)     Included in Selling, general and administrative expenses. Management believes that ANI, when viewed in conjunction with the Company’s results under U.S. GAAP and the below reconciliation, provides useful information about operating and period-over-period performance and additional information that is useful for evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business without regard to periodic reporting elements related to interest rate derivative accounting, changes related to refinancing activity and non-cash share-based payment expense. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Cash Return on Equity Calculation (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) CFFO Finance Lease Collections Gain (Loss) on Sale of Eqt. Deprec. Distributions in excess (less than) Equity Earnings Cash Earnings Average Shareholders’ Equity 12 Month Cash ROE 2011 $359,377 $39,092 $242,103 $156,366 $1,370,513 11.4% 2012 $427,277 $3,852 $5,747 $269,920 $166,956 $1,425,658 11.7% 2013 $424,037 $9,508 $37,220 $284,924 $185,841 $1,513,156 12.3% 2014 $458,786 $10,312 $23,146 $299,365 $667 $193,546 $1,661,228 11.7% 2015 $526,285 $9,559 $58,017 $318,783 ($52) $275,026 $1,759,871 15.6% LTM $485,228 $17,204 $29,915 $309,163 ($3,840) $219,344 $1,774,315 12.4% Note:  LTM Average Shareholders’ Equity is the average of the most recent five quarters period end Shareholders’ Equity.  Management believes that the cash return on equity metric (Cash ROE) when viewed in conjunction  with the Company’s results under US GAAP and the above reconciliation, provide useful information about operating and period-over-period performance, and provide additional information that is useful for evaluating the underlying operating performance of our business without regard to periodic reporting impacts related to non-cash revenue and expense items and interest rate derivative accounting, while recognizing the depreciating nature of our assets.  Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Cash Interest Margin Calculation – Revised (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Average NBV Quarterly Rental Revenue Cash Interest(1) Annualized Net Cash Interest Margin (2) Q1:11 $      4,041,967 $     141,116 $     41,278 9.9% Q2:11 $     4,143,446 $     143,356 $     40,021 10.0% Q3:11 $     4,222,512 $     145,890 $     42,066 9.8% Q4:11 $     4,374,921 $     149,848 $     43,041 9.8% Q1:12 $     4,388,008 $     152,242 $     44,969 9.8% Q2:12 $     4,542,477 $     156,057 $     48,798 9.4% Q3:12 $     4,697,802 $     163,630 $     41,373 10.4% Q4:12 $     4,726,457 $     163,820 $     43,461 10.2% Q1:13 $     4,740,161 $     162,319 $     48,591 9.6% Q2:13 $     4,840,396 $     164,239 $     44,915 9.9% Q3:13 $     4,863,444 $     167,876 $     47,682 9.9% Q4:13 $     5,118,601 $     176,168 $     49,080 9.9% Q1:14 $     5,312,651 $     181,095 $     51,685 9.7% Q2:14 $     5,721,521 $     190,574 $     48,172 10.0% Q3:14 $     5,483,958 $     182,227 $     44,820 10.0% Q4:14 $     5,468,637 $     181,977 $     44,459 10.1% Q1:15 $     5,743,035 $     181,027 $     50,235 9.1% Q2:15 $     5,967,898 $     189,238 $     51,413 9.2% Q3:15 $     6,048,330 $     191,878 $     51,428 9.3% Q4:15 $     5,962,874 $     188,491 $     51,250 9.2% Q1:16 $     5,988,076 $     186,730 $     51,815 9.0% Q2:16 $     5,920,030 $     184,469 $     55,779 8.7% Q3:16 $     6,265,175 $     193,909 $     57,589 8.7% (1)     Excludes loan termination payments of $3.2 million and $3.0 million in the second quarter of 2011 and 2013           respectively, and $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2016. (2)     Management’s Use of Net Cash Interest Margin:  Beginning with this earnings release for the three months           ended September 30, 2016, based on the growing level of finance and sales-type lease revenue,           management revised the calculation of net cash interest margin to include our net investment in finance and           sales-type leases in the average net book value and to include the interest income and cash collections on           our net investment in finance and sales-type lease in lease rentals.  The calculation of net cash interest           margin for all prior periods presented is revised to be comparable with the current period presentation. We define net cash interest margin as lease rentals from operating leases, interest income and cash collections from finance and sales-type leases minus interest on borrowings, net settlements on interest rate derivatives and other liabilities adjusted for loan termination payments divided by the average net book of flight equipment (which includes net investment on finance and sales-type leases) for the period calculated on a quarterly and annualized basis. Management believes that net cash interest margin, when viewed in conjunction with the Company’s results under U.S. GAAP and the above reconciliation, provides useful information about the effective deployment of our capital in the context of the yield on our aircraft assets, the utilization of those assets by our lessees, and our ability to borrow efficiently. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Net Cash Interest Margin Calculation – Original (Dollars in thousands) (Unaudited) Average NBV of Flight Equipment Quarterly Lease Rental Revenue Cash Interest(1) Annualized Net Cash Interest Margin Q1:11 $   4,041,967 $     141,116 $          41,278 9.9% Q2:11 $   4,143,446 $     143,356 $          43,217 9.7% Q3:11 $   4,222,512 $     145,890 $          42,066 9.8% Q4:11 $   4,374,921 $     149,848 $          43,041 9.8% Q1:12 $   4,388,008 $     152,242 $          44,969 9.8% Q2:12 $   4,516,973 $     153,624 $          48,798 9.3% Q3:12 $   4,602,185 $     159,546 $          41,373 10.3% Q4:12 $   4,605,783 $     158,090 $          43,461 10.0% Q1:13 $   4,619,204 $     156,590 $          48,591 9.4% Q2:13 $   4,711,790 $     157,918 $          47,869 9.3% Q3:13 $   4,717,877 $     161,148 $          47,682 9.6% Q4:13 $   4,972,040 $     169,274 $          49,080 9.7% Q1:14 $   5,168,851 $     174,335 $          51,685 9.5% Q2:14 $   5,582,359 $     183,231 $          48,172 9.7% Q3:14 $   5,412,299 $     178,886 $          44,820 9.9% Q4:14 $   5,373,733 $     178,202 $          44,459 10.0% Q1:15 $   5,637,513 $     177,146 $          50,235 9.0% Q2:15 $   5,850,516 $     184,839 $          51,413 9.1% Q3:15 $   5,926,459 $     188,037 $          51,428 9.2% Q4:15 $   5,835,547 $     183,394 $          51,250 9.1% Q1:16 $   5,781,858 $     179,570 $          51,815 8.8% Q2:16 $   5,677,121 $     176,125 $          55,779 8.5% Q3:16 $   5,979,489 $     181,975 $          57,589 8.3% (1)     Excludes loan termination payments of $3.2 million and $3.0 million in the second quarter of 2011 and 2013           respectively, and $1.5 million in the first quarter of 2016. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Reconciliation of Net Income Allocable to Common Shares (In thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2016 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2016 Weighted-average shares(1)-Basic: Shares Percent(2) Shares Percent(2) Common shares outstanding 77,990 99.14% 78,230 99.18% Unvested restricted common shares 680 0.86% 646 0.82% Total weighted-average shares outstanding 78,670 100.00% 78,876 100.00% Net income allocation Net income $27,437 100.00% $83,729 100.00% Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares (237) (0.86%) (686) (0.82%) Earnings available to common shares $27,200 99.14% $83,043 99.18% Adjusted net income allocation Adjusted net income $29,706 100.00% $98,002 100.00% Amounts allocated to unvested restricted shares (257) (0.86%) (803) (0.82%) Amounts allocated to common shares $29,449 99.14% $97,199 99.18% (1)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2016, dilutive shares represented contingently issuable shares related to the Company’s PSUs.  (2)     Percentages rounded to two decimal places. Aircastle Limited and Subsidiaries Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Measures Reconciliation of Net Income Allocable to Common Shares (In thousands) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, 2015 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2015 Weighted-average shares(1)-Basic: Shares Percent(2) Shares Percent(2) Common shares outstanding 80,566 99.21% 80,566 99.26% Unvested restricted common shares 645 0.79% 604 0.74% Total weighted-average shares outstanding 81,212 100.00% 81,170 100.00% Net income (loss) allocation Net income (loss) ($13,989) 100.00% $71,088 100.00% Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to unvested restricted shares — — (529) (0.74%) Earnings (loss) available to common shares ($13,989) 100.00% $70,559 99.26% Adjusted net income (loss) allocation Adjusted net income (loss) ($9,679) 100.00% $88,007 100.00% Amounts allocated to unvested restricted shares — — (655) (0.74%) Amounts allocated to common shares ($9,679) 100.00% $87,352 99.26% (1)     For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2015 the company had no dilutive shares. (2)     Percentages rounded to two decimal places. Contact: Aircastle Advisor LLC The IGB Group Frank Constantinople, SVP Investor Relations Leon Berman Tel: +1-203-504-1063 Tel: +1-212-477-8483 fconstantinople@aircastle.com  lberman@igbir.com   Source: http://www.prnewswire.com/rss/all-news-releases-from-PR-newswire-news.rss Link: Aircastle Announces Third Quarter 2016 Results Author RSS ImportPosted on November 1, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Crude Oil Trend Boosts Heating Oil Prices, Creating Steepest Price Increase in 6 Years Next Next post: Doors open to Global MilSatCom, Europe's leading military satellite communications event next week Search for: Search Recent Posts BRICS Nations Defense Spends on C4ISR Electronics and IT: 2016 to 2024 West Hartford Chiropractic Sponsors Copper Beech Institute's Annual Harvest Celebration Jobjet Releases "Freemium" Package of Its Powerful Recruitment Software Degenerative Scoliosis Global Clinical Trials Review, H2, 2016 Proptech From Surga Central Streamlines Commercial Property Viewings Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Wednesday, 16 November 2016 اردو Türkçe العربیة فارسی Toggle navigation TASNIM NEWS .com Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Interview China Debuts J-20 Stealth Jet in Show of Strength at Expo News ID: 1228277 Service: Other Media November, 01, 2016 - 14:36 TEHRAN (Tasnim) – China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its growing capability in defense. China is set to overtake the US as the world's top aviation market in the next decade, Reuters reported. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a flypast that barely exceeded a minute, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot. Experts say China has been refining designs for the J-20, first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, in the hope of narrowing a military technology gap with the United States. President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in Asia, particularly in the South China and East China seas. "It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability," said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) was also bullish on China's appetite for new civilian planes, estimating the market would need 6,865 new aircraft worth $930 billion over the next 20 years. The COMAC forecast - similar to long-term outlooks from well-established rivals Boeing Co and Airbus Group - said China would make up almost a fifth of global demand for close to 40,000 planes over the next two decades. After screeching onto the Zhuhai stage as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. It was China's second successive display of stealth at the biennial show, following the 2014 debut of the J-31. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine - the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes - answered few questions. "I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can't tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility," said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. "Most importantly, we didn't learn much about its radar cross-section." A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the US arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. The F-22, developed for the US Air Force, is the J-20's closest lookalike. But the mere display of such a newly developed aircraft was a revealing signal, others said. "It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet," said Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute, "and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride." Other aircraft on display on Tuesday alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones, included the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organizers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production - the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. A model of a wide-body jet being developed by COMAC and Russia's UAC was also on show, revealing design details such as wingspan and cruising speeds for the first time. Airbus and Boeing dominate the wide-body segment. Notably absent from the airshow schedule, though, was the 150-seater COMAC C919 passenger jet, which has been beset by delays and is now running three years behind original plans. COMAC said at the show that China Eastern Airlines will be the launch customer for the C919, which may take its first test flight later this year or early 2017, and that it had clinched 23 new orders for its C919, taking total firm orders to 570. R1355/P42329 Share this story: http://tn.ai/1228277 All Stories Carlos Queiroz Proud of Iranian Players Syria Rewarded with Good Result against Iran: Ayman Hakeem Iran, Syria Share Point at World Cup Qualifier Iran Internally Stable, Safe for Foreign Investment: Finnish Minister Schools Close in Smog-Enshrouded Iranian Capital for 3rd Day No Taliban Members in Iran: FM Spokesman ‘Russian Knights’ to Attend Iran Air Show 2016 Iran’s President Urges Joint Efforts to Ensure Asia’s Security Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov Aircraft Carrier Begins Combat Operations in Syria Autumn Season in Iran's Hamedan Province Davoudi, Roshani Win Gold, Silver at Asian Youth Weightlifting Championship Iran, Turkey Determined to Boost Ties: Envoy Attack on Shiite Gathering in Nigeria: Death Toll Hits 100 Students Lead New Wave of Anti-Trump Protests Iran Laments Muslim Deaths in Nigeria Everton Joins Race for Iran’s Sardar Azmoun Iran Totally Opposed to Disintegration of Iraq: Velayati Expanded US Sanctions Reflect Discredited Anti-Russia Policy × نمودار تغییر قیمت طلا و ارز تغییر قیمت لحظه نوع (0.03%) 1 3,483 price_dollar (-0.08%) -3 3,938 price_eur -- 4,717 price_gbp -- 955 price_aed (0.09%) 10,000 10,950,000 sekeb (0.03%) 3,000 11,119,000 sekee (-0.18%) -10,000 5,590,000 nim (-0.68%) -20,000 2,930,000 rob (0.54%) 10,000 1,850,000 gerami (-0.01%) -110 1,108,310 geram18 (-0.01%) -160 1,477,380 geram24 (-0.01%) -500 4,802,500 mesghal (0.01%) 10 1,228.30 ons (0.11%) 100 947.00 platinum (0.06%) 1 17.19 silver (0.14%) 100 712.00 palladium (90%) 4,115 45.72 oil (0.04%) 2 46.98 oil_brent (-2.65%) -113 41.54 oil_opec (0%) -3 79,236 bourse -- 1,236 price_try -- 541 price_cny (-20.83%) -5 19 price_jpy (0.07%) 2 2,745 price_cad (0.08%) 2 2,637 price_aud (0.78%) 20 2,570 price_nzd -- 3,627 price_chf (1.92%) 1 52 price_afn (0.24%) 1 415 price_sek (0.19%) 1 523 price_dkk -- 421 price_nok (-0.09%) -10 11,550 price_kwd (-0.53%) -5 940 price_sar (0.52%) 5 965 price_qar (-0.33%) -30 9,100 price_omr -- 3 price_iqd (-20%) -2 8 price_syp (-5%) -3 57 price_inr (2.94%) 1 34 price_pkr (0.38%) 10 2,660 price_sgd (1.06%) 5 470 price_hkd (0.34%) 3 880 price_myr -- 103 price_thb -- 58 price_rub (-0.44%) -10 2,280 price_azn (-0.54%) -50 9,250 price_bhd بیشتر بروزرسانی: چهارشنبه ۲۶ آبان - ۰۳:۳۷ × ثبت نام در خبرنامه خبرگزاری تسنیم برای دریافت خبرنامه آدرس ایمیل شما ضروری می باشد هر زمان که نیاز به ویرایش این اطلاعات داشتید، با وارد کردن ایمیلتان تغییرات را ذخیره کنید در صورتی که تمایل به ادامه اشتراک نداشتید، در ایمیلی که از سوی ما دریافت می کنید، عدم اشتراک را انتخاب کنید پس از ثبت نام، جهت تایید ایمیل/تلفن همراه ، برای شما پیامی ارسال می شود، لطفاً پیام را تایید کنید Name: Email: Mobile: نوع اخبار: اخبار برگزیده خبر فوری پیشنهاد سردبیر پوشش اخبار: کل سایت سرویس/حوزه ای خاص سرویس ها : Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Interview بازه زمانی دریافت خبر: هر 12 ساعتهر 24 ساعتهر 48 ساعتهفته ای یکبار Submit About Contact Us Archive Site map   Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Interview TASNIM NEWS .com   All Content by Tasnim News Agency is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
Home Mail Search News Cricket Movies Lifestyle Celebrity Flickr Mobile Answers More Yahoo Search Search Mail News Home Follow us National World US Elections Finance Cricket Lifestyle Sports Good News Videos Autos China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest expo By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh1 November 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh ZHUHAI, China (Reuters) - China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its growing capability in defense. China is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a flypast that barely exceeded a minute, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot. Experts say China has been refining designs for the J-20, first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, in the hope of narrowing a military technology gap with the United States. President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in Asia, particularly in the South China and East China seas. "It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability," said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) was also bullish on China's appetite for new civilian planes, estimating the market would need 6,865 new aircraft worth $930 billion over the next 20 years. The COMAC forecast - similar to long-term outlooks from well-established rivals Boeing Co and Airbus Group - said China would make up almost a fifth of global demand for close to 40,000 planes over the next two decades. QUESTIONS UNANSWERED After screeching onto the Zhuhai stage as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. It was China's second successive display of stealth at the biennial show, following the 2014 debut of the J-31. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine - the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes - answered few questions. "I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can't tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility," said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. "Most importantly, we didn't learn much about its radar cross-section." A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the U.S. arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. The F-22, developed for the U.S. Air Force, is the J-20's closest lookalike. But the mere display of such a newly developed aircraft was a revealing signal, others said. "It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet," said Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute, "and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride." C919 PASSENGER JET ABSENT Other aircraft on display on Tuesday alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones, included the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organizers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production - the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. A model of a wide-body jet being developed by COMAC and Russia's UAC was also on show, revealing design details such as wingspan and cruising speeds for the first time. Airbus and Boeing dominate the wide-body segment. Notably absent from the airshow schedule, though, was the 150-seater COMAC C919 passenger jet, which has been beset by delays and is now running three years behind original plans. COMAC said at the show that China Eastern Airlines will be the launch customer for the C919, which may take its first test flight later this year or early 2017, and that it had clinched 23 new orders for its C919, taking total firm orders to 570. (Additional reporting by Michael Martina in BEIJING; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next First Woman To Fly China's J-10 Fighter Killed In Crash News18 Demonetisation Move 'Bold' But Far From Enough: Chinese Media Outlook India China Sells Two Submarines To Bangladesh Navy Outlook India Iran and China sign military cooperation agreement The Economic Times Great Wall Around A Lotus Blossom Outlook India Shweta Tiwari's Maternity Photo Shoot Is What Every Preggers Couple Should Have Bollywoodshaadis.com All-Party meet: PM Modi asks Opposition to peacefully discuss all issues Ani Rs 2000 note quality test: Here's what happens when you dip new currency in water or crush it International Business Times Jaya first statement after 'rebirth' The Telegraph Kejriwal accuses Modi of receiving bribe as Gujarat CM IANS India Private Limited Hina Khan Finally Speaks Up On Quitting Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai! Business of Cinema Have Ranbir & Ranveer Hurt Katrina In Koffee With Karan? Spotboye Amitabh Bachchan FINALLY Speaks Up On Aishwarya Rai Bachchan’s Role In Ae Dil Hai Mushkil! Business of Cinema Narendra Modi in Goa: With political capital at stake, PM shows glimpses of vulnerability Firstpost Indelible ink to prevent multiple cash withdrawals IANS India Private Limited Supreme Court refuses to stay demonetisation, asks for more steps to ease inconvenience to common man International Business Times Vishal Dadlani Slams PM Modi’s Demonetisation Initiative, Invites The Wrath Of Twitterati Business of Cinema Kishwer Merchant's Bachelorette Party Is A Dream Come True For Every Bride Bollywoodshaadis.com 'RUMOURS' with 'Tube light' helped Kabir Khan ! IANS India Private Limited Bank manager fraudulently withdraws Rs 1.5 crore, absconding English Pradesh18 Banning Rs 500, Rs 1,000 notes: Do you think it is a good move? Yahoo India Finance History revisited: How Tughlaq’s currency change led to chaos in 14th century India Scroll John Abraham's Shocking remark on Krushna Abhishek IANS India Private Limited Watch Why Donal Trump's Victory SHOCKS Om Puri ! IANS India Private Limited Help Privacy Suggestions Terms
null

  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest expo By Reuters Published: 05:33 EST, 1 November 2016 | Updated: 05:33 EST, 1 November 2016 e-mail By Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh ZHUHAI, China, Nov 1 (Reuters) - China showed its Chengdu J-20 stealth fighter in public for the first time on Tuesday, opening the country's biggest meeting of aircraft makers and buyers with a show of its military clout. Airshow China, in the southern city of Zhuhai, offers Beijing an opportunity to demonstrate its ambitions in civil aerospace and to underline its growing capability in defence. China is set to overtake the U.S. as the world's top aviation market in the next decade. Two J-20 jets, Zhuhai's headline act, swept over dignitaries, hundreds of spectators and industry executives gathered at the show's opening ceremony in a flypast that barely exceeded a minute, generating a deafening roar that was met with gasps and applause and set off car alarms in a parking lot. Experts say China has been refining designs for the J-20, first glimpsed by planespotters in 2010, in the hope of narrowing a military technology gap with the United States. President Xi Jinping has pushed to toughen the armed forces as China takes a more assertive stance in Asia, particularly in the South China and East China seas. "It is clearly a big step forward in Chinese combat capability," said Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week, a veteran China watcher. State-owned Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) was also bullish on China's appetite for new civilian planes, estimating the market would need 6,865 new aircraft worth $930 billion over the next 20 years. The COMAC forecast - similar to long-term outlooks from well-established rivals Boeing Co and Airbus Group - said China would make up almost a fifth of global demand for close to 40,000 planes over the next two decades. QUESTIONS UNANSWERED After screeching onto the Zhuhai stage as a pair at low-level, one of the J-20s quickly disappeared over the horizon, leaving the other to perform a series of turns, revealing its delta wing shape against bright sub-tropical haze. It was China's second successive display of stealth at the biennial show, following the 2014 debut of the J-31. But analysts said the brief and relatively cautious J-20 routine - the pilots did not open weapon bay doors, or perform low-speed passes - answered few questions. "I think we learned very little. We learned it is very loud. But we can't tell what type of engine it has, or very much about the mobility," said Greg Waldron, Asia Managing Editor of FlightGlobal. "Most importantly, we didn't learn much about its radar cross-section." A key question whether the new Chinese fighter can match the radar-evading properties of the Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor air-to-air combat jet, or the latest strike jet in the U.S. arsenal, Lockheed's F-35. The F-22, developed for the U.S. Air Force, is the J-20's closest lookalike. But the mere display of such a newly developed aircraft was a revealing signal, others said. "It's a change of tactics for the Chinese to publicly show off weapons that aren't in full squadron service yet," said Sam Roggeveen, a senior fellow at the Sydney-based Lowy Institute, "and demonstrates a lot of confidence in the capability, and also a lot of pride." C919 PASSENGER JET ABSENT Other aircraft on display on Tuesday alongside the latest Chinese weapon systems, radar and drones, included the Xian Y-20 strategic airlifter, and what organisers say is the largest amphibious plane now in production - the AG600. The flying boat is officially promoted as a fire-fighting or search and rescue plane. But analysts note the AG600 - first unveiled 10 days after a Hague tribunal ruled against China's claim to parts of the South China Sea in July - is well suited to resupplying military outposts in the disputed area. A model of a wide-body jet being developed by COMAC and Russia's UAC was also on show, revealing design details such as wingspan and cruising speeds for the first time. Airbus and Boeing dominate the wide-body segment. Notably absent from the airshow schedule, though, was the 150-seater COMAC C919 passenger jet, which has been beset by delays and is now running three years behind original plans. COMAC said at the show that China Eastern Airlines will be the launch customer for the C919, which may take its first test flight later this year or early 2017, and that it had clinched 23 new orders for its C919, taking total firm orders to 570. (Additional reporting by Michael Martina in BEIJING; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Hot on holiday! Kourtney Kardashian flaunts her impressive figure in cut-out swimsuit as she enjoys Mexican getaway with Scott Disick  The magic returns! Dapper Eddie Redmayne and wife Hannah join J.K. Rowling at London premiere of Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them 'I'm never going on again in my life!': Charlotte Crosby blasts the Loose Women for 'bullying' her during awkward appearance Still hurts  Melanie Blatt's daughter Lilyella Zender, 17, vamps up in a striking gothic ensemble at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in London Is Geordie Shore scripted? Fan shares production notes online leading to fix claims...as cast are instructed to 'discuss exit of Chloe Ferry' in one scene  From Kate Moss's denim jacket to Taylor Swift's checked crombie and Cara's parka - 'IT' coats you need to know about right NOW SPONSORED My affair with Harrison Ford: Carrie Fisher spills on booze-fuelled bedroom romps with Star Wars actor in tell-all  Played lovers in original movies Jeremy Clarkson arrives at BBC Radio 2 shortly after Richard Hammond and James May's very awkward Beeb return to promote The Grand Tour Pregnant Janet Jackson, 50, covers her bump on London outing as her ex-husband James DeBarge claims they have a secret daughter together 'That's brutal, smart-a**e': Little Mix's Jade Thirlwall and Perrie Edwards lose their cool as they're asked about Jesy Nelson's missing engagement ring Abracadabra-less! Fantastic Beasts star Katherine Waterston seduces a married man in steamy topless scene from 2007's The Babysitters Who needs Blackpool? Daisy Lowe stuns in sweeping floral gown as she brushes off Strictly heartache at Fantastic Beasts And Where to Find Them premiere Fantastic busts and where to find them! Chloe Goodman almost spills out of her plunging dress as she appears at UK premiere of Harry Potter spin-off Now THAT's good advertising! Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex shows off her svelte figure in a chic black dress as she launches weight loss DVD Exploding truffle boxes, spinning stars and flying chocolate angel wings: Get the EXCLUSIVE first look at M&S's new Christmas food ad SPONSORED Slimline Khloe Kardashian sparks concern among fans as she shows off her TINY waist in latest sexy selfie Looked thinner than ever 'He been f**king some model chick': Perrie Edwards 'took a direct swipe at ex Zayn Malik's girlfriend Gigi Hadid in original Shout Out To My Ex lyrics' Missing something? Newly engaged Pixie Lott arrives in Paris...but there's still no sign of her dazzling diamond ring from fiance Oliver Cheshire Simply spellbinding! J.K. Rowling cuts a glamorous figure in shimmering gown at Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere 'I don't get a good vibe off Iggy Azalea if I'm honest': Little Mix star Leigh-Anne Pinnock takes a dig at rapper after meeting her on The X Factor Australia  'I knew she was "The One" after we had sex': Ryan Reynolds speaks about 'cliché' romance with wife Blake ... as he hints they slept together on their first date 'I nearly packed it in': Kara Tointon reveals she almost quit acting after struggling to find roles but winning Strictly saved her career Boost from ballroom 'I tried to overdose a lot': Danniella Westbrook reveals she made multiple suicide attempts after George Arnold walked out on her when she relapsed Katy Perry bounces back from crying over Clinton and a 'family emergency' to shine at Hollywood Walk of Fame Looked stunning  Maisie Williams rocks a thigh-skimming kilt and knee-high socks at Fantastic Beasts premiere...as she shows off new Game of Thrones tribute tattoo Katherine Waterston displays her trim midriff in bewitching sheer two piece as she arrives at the London premiere of Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them Jenn Murray sashays down the indigo carpet in a stunning metallic gown at the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them premiere in Leicester Square 'It gets rid of my lumps and bumps': TOWIE's Amber Dowding flaunts her perky derriere as she explains pros of cellulite treatment in cheeky video No silver lining? Jesy Nelson's fiancé Jake Roche shares cryptic snaps of dark clouds and deletes his past tweets amid claims they've split  'The story of my life is written on my skin': David Beckham explains the inspiration behind his tattoos as he goes shirtless for new collaboration Not even Thor gets special treatment! Chris Hemsworth receives a thorough pat down from security at LAX airport before heading home to Australia Ready to pop! Pregnant Mila Kunis clutches her cell phone as she shows off her large baby bump while strolling in LA Charlotte Riley is the spitting image of the Duchess of Cambridge as she films royal drama King Charles III in Hull Royally impressed Wedding shopping, Pippa? Miss Middleton displays her toned legs in a mini skirt as she runs errands in London Plenty on her mind Prince Harry wears the love bracelet he shares with girlfriend Meghan Markle as he takes a public HIV test to help raise awareness of the disease The Queen has a VERY animated catch-up with Planet Earth presenter Sir David Attenborough at a meeting at Buckingham Palace . For sale! Billionaire Oprah Winfrey puts her last piece of Chicago real estate on the market for nearly $400k Back to work! Ryan Phillippe looks serious on movie set after partying with Paris Hilton post Paulina Slagter split Have April Love Geary, 21, and Robin Thicke, 39, got married? Stunner hints at secret nuptials as she sports personalised bikini during romantic break Tropic like it's hot! Millie Mackintosh kicks back with a coconut in a lime bikini as she takes a relaxing dip in the Indian Ocean Living the high life Geordie Shore's Sophie Kasaei makes explosive return three years after ejection... before it emerges 'she has been kicked off AGAIN for violent fight' Sophie Kasaei is 'kicked off Geordie Shore for SECOND time over Chloe Ferry's shock fight'... three years after ejection for using racial slur  Paul Daniels' widow Debbie McGee has a cosy exchange with a dapper restaurateur as she leaves upmarket London eatery  Friendly display Bump in the night! Pregnant Vanessa Lachey shows off her growing belly as she celebrates her 36th birthday  Anna Kendrick is pretty in pink for magazine cover shoot as she releases Scrappy Little Nobody memoir Pregnant Alexa PenaVega gets candid on sex, morning sickness and why she felt a 'little crushed' to be having a boy Captain America: Civil War leads the way with seven People's Choice Awards nominations as Rihanna and Drake prepare to go head-to-head Kelsey Grammer, 61, becomes a father for the seventh time as his fourth wife Kayte gives birth to a boy Named him Auden James Ellis Grammer A ray of sunshine! Lily Collins flashes flat stomach in vibrant cut-out dress while revealing she relates to her 'naive' Rules Don't Apply character Gisele Bundchen weeps as she sees the destruction of the rainforest in her native Brazil in sneak peek of Nat Geo show Shared her experience Good Morning Britain's Susanna Reid and Piers Morgan joke that their 'unrequited love story' keeps viewers tuning in as they reflect on TV success EXCLUSIVE 'Sexy shoots stop men trusting me': Danni Levy flaunts incredibly toned form in sizzling snaps... after revealing fears she will be 'single forever' 'Her lips are moving but the face is frozen': Anneka Rice, 58, fans remark on her age-defying image... as TV golden girl makes very rare return 'R.I.P to the Geordie Shore we knew': Holly Hagan CONFIRMS departure as she sneers at bevvy of newbies with ex-castmate Charlotte Crosby Married! The Office star Angela Kinsey, 45, weds actor Joshua Snyder, 39, in front of 130 guests in LA's romantic Topanga neighborhood . 'She's thrilled': The Duchess of Cambridge is said to be delighted over Prince Harry's new-found romance with Meghan Markle  Royal seal of approval Feeling rosy! Ferne McCann looks blooming lovely in a chic floral midi-dress and ankle boots as she leaves TV studios  What a petal Dejected Daisy Lowe dresses in gothic all-black after Strictly axe... as she pays tribute to her dance partner Alja korjanec for 'the happiest of days' Ex-TOWIE star Frankie Essex flaunts her incredible abs in a sizzling black bikini as she paddleboards in Mykonos after 2st weight loss 'I've gone from obese to athlete': Britain's Got Talent star loses four stone in FOUR MONTHS after he was branded 'the fat one' in his band  Look at him now! Bedraggled Joanne Froggatt is worlds away from Downton Abbey as she's seen filming gritty drama Liar for the first time She's in demand 'I was really ugly and I wasn't like the other kids': Scarlett Moffatt reveals she was bullied mercilessly at school because of her looks Look at her now! 'It's great she still finds me attractive!' Eddie Redmayne gushes over wife Hannah... and jokes the new parents are just 'trying to keep their child alive' 'She won't be single for long!': Holly Willoughby and Ferne McCann admire Carol Vorderman's incredible figure in the I'm A Celebrity jungle 'Did Carol Vorderman just call a toad a "big boy" at 3am?' I'm A Celeb viewers erupt into hysterics as presenter tries to 'seduce' a frog in the jungle I'm A Celeb campers at risk of BLINDNESS as the jungle is invaded by an 'epidemic of horrific flesh-eating eye bugs' Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson is named People's Sexiest Man Alive for 2016 The 44-year-old scoops the title from last year's winner David Beckham EOTB's Jess Impiazzi sizzles as she sunbathes TOPLESS during Aussie getaway... shortly before announcing engagement to Denny Solomona Getting cosy on the courtside: Jason Derulo and backing dancer Ragon Miller cuddle up at NY Knicks game with Ben Stiller and his wife Courting courtside 'The next Taylor Swift' Grace VanderWaal teases upcoming first album with sweet video after America's Got Talent win Only 12-years-old  Date night! Dennis Quaid, 62, walks hand-in-hand with girlfriend Santa Auzina, 30, on romantic evening stroll In NYC The not so Simple Life! Paris Hilton is left embarrassed when her passport is no longer valid as she prepares for Australian tour Too busy to check? Racy Rita Ora vamps things up in a dominatrix-inspired dress and thigh-high boots as she shoots scenes for new movie Wonderwell in Italy Sizzling Emily Ratajkowski shows off her peachy posterior and perky assets as she strips down to NOTHING in yet another saucy snap Newly-single Bella Hadid shows The Weeknd what he's missing as she flaunts her abs in a crop top just days after their split Look away now! 'I have body dysmorphia': Lauren Goodger reveals self-image battle as she admits to feeling 'revolting' and 'unhappy' with her looks Ariel Winter displays EXTREME cleavage in a plunging top as she changes into a second sexy outfit at Glamour Women of the Year Awards 'Be on the train or under it': Bono urges Donald Trump to prioritise gender equality as he accepts Glamour Women of the Year awards in LA It's getting hot in here! Ola Jordan shows off her dancer's body in tiny red bikini as she hits the jungle shower with Sam Quek and Scarlett Moffatt on I'm a Celeb 'I'm very worried': 'Protective' husband James Jordan says he took I'm A Celeb's Ola shopping for LESS skimpy bikinis... as he praises his 'sweet girl' Blonde bombshell Rihanna sizzles in burlesque-style hotpants as Cara Delevingne strips to her bikini in new trailer for Valerian 'We're working on our relationship': Nick Knowles discusses saving his marriage with estranged wife Jessica after his fling with Gemma Oaten 'They were aware of what they'd done:' Mel C reveals she was BULLIED during her time in the Spice Girls... but refuses to 'name any names' 'Disgusting thing to joke about': Fans lash out at Holly Hagan as she reveals she's pregnant... but it turns out to be a prank by her boyfriend Kyle Christie 'It's going to kill me not seeing them': I'm A Celeb's Adam Thomas on separation from fiancée Caroline and son Teddy, 2, as they pose for glam shoot BBC producers cut dramatic moment Beverley Knight COLLAPSES during Children In Need Rocks performance Midway through song Radio DJ accused of 'groping' Taylor Swift claims leaked image of their encounter proves he 'didn't have his hand under her skirt' Fighting his cause Chest amazing! Amber Heard wears lacy cutaway gown as she makes rare public appearance at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Hot metal! Iskra Lawrence shows off her incredible figure as she squeezes into skintight silver dress at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards 'People view me as a glorified stripper': Chloe Madeley speaks about using her body to boost her business and says drink-driving conviction was her 'lowest point' Skin-tight! Baz Luhrmann, 54, sports a VERY wrinkle-free complexion as he poses for pictures in LA Looked years younger than his age Carol Vorderman, 55, strips down to a VERY racy swimsuit on I'm A Celeb...as 'happily single' star tells campmates 'I do alright' when it comes to men 'Is Jeremy a bully? No... not really': Richard Hammond reveals nerves about launch of £160m Grand Tour and claims the public will TORCH them if they fail Made In Chelsea's Lucy Watson displays her model good looks as she unveils her cruelty-free make-up range Huge supporter of animal charities EXCLUSIVE: 'I don't look like a Victoria's Secret model': Ferne McCann talks self-loathing and the reason for going public with THAT nose job Ewan McGregor debuts dramatically different look as he sports a severely shaved head at charity event in LA That's a close shave 'We're stronger than we've ever been': Danny Mac says Strictly curse 'isn't an issue' with his fiancee Carley Stenson as he poses for shoot with partner Oti Mabuse Why IS John Cleese such a bitter old man? He blames his mum. But, as he wishes his ex-wives dead, JAN MOIR says he blames women for everything  A date to forget? Billie Piper removes 'vulgar' wedding tattoo dedicated to ex Laurence Fox Mr. Fox inking has been removed Sheer-ly amazing! Cara Delevingne stuns in black see-through gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Look away, St. Vincent That's some good ombre! Gwen Stefani glides down the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards red carpet in a stomach-baring ball gown 'Thank you for your courage': Amber Heard and Lena Dunham praise Stanford rape victim's statement as she is named a Glamour Woman of the Year  What a Dream! Blac Chyna shares heartwarming snap of newborn daughter sleeping in her arms Looked loved up with her bundle 'Your mom was just in an accident': Khloe Kardashian and Kylie Jenner stunned after learning Kris Jenner has been in a car crash in KUWTK preview Heavenly! Nicole Scherzinger is a wonder in white gown as she attends Los Angeles premiere of Moana Went all Hawaiian hottie for big event For sale! Cindy Crawford and Rande Gerber list beachside four-bedroom Malibu home for whopping $60 million One expensive home A Klass act! I'm A Celeb's Sam Quek recreates Myleene's infamous shower scene as she takes to the waterfall wearing a tiny white bikini PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Tom Hiddleston steps out with a pretty blonde Taylor Swift lookalike... two months after split with pop star Flashed a beaming grin O wow! Pregnant Natalie Portman blazes in stunning solar-themed Dior gown at Jackie premiere in LA Now that's maternity wear She looks to be doing just fine! Kim Kardashian's friend shares rare photo of reality star recluse as she dresses up in belly dancer costume for fun He's a sight for sore eyes! Actor Scott Eastwood shows off his VERY muscular torso as he jogs down the beach shirtless during day out in Sydney 'I'm gonna call the police': Little Mix confess to prank calling James Corden who was less than impressed... but still doesn't know it was them on the phone 'When she's had a drink she's a proper nut case': Lewis Bloor reveals he's set ground rules for Marnie Simpson while she films Geordie Shore Chloe Ferry reportedly FIRED from Geordie Shore after 'kicking new housemate Zahida Allen in the head'  The 21-year-old was shown the door She looks pin-credible! Elizabeth Banks showcases her stunning stalks in burgundy dress at Glamour Women Of The Year event Disco doll! Supermodel Chanel Iman bares her back in silver-sequinned halter gown at Glamour bash A real silver siren as she hit the stylish bash Legs for days! Demi Lovato and Zendaya show off their sculpted stems in flared dresses for the Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Red carpet stunners Greensleeves! Zendaya adorns herself in petals in exquisite white dress at Glamour Women of the Year Awards  Sensational shirt dress Caitlyn Jenner dazzles in bright orange gown at Glamour Women Of The Year Awards... after being honoured the year before Honoured last year 'The person you wake up with, you stay with': Are Meghan Markle's words in Suits hinting at her relationship with Prince Harry Art imitating life? 'It's me or the wardrobe!' Frankie Gaff gives Jamie Laing an ultimatum. He found living with her too much to bear on Made In Chelsea, by Jim Shelley  Pucker up! Miles Teller plants a knockout kiss on girlfriend Keleigh Sperry at premiere of his new boxing film Bleed For This Red carpet romance Fifty shades of red! Bella Thorne dyes her hair following a recent splurge on tattoos and piercings Can't seem to settle on her look Not so quick on the draw! Evan Rachel Wood's Westworld is renewed by HBO... but may not be back until 2018 She'll be back... 'He's incredible': Vicki Gunvalson gushes about new beau on RHOC reunion and daughter Briana approves She hated last one Larry Lamb wins over viewers AGAIN by impressively squatting with Adam Thomas on his back... before he is voted Camp President by the public Sienna Miller stuns as she puts on leggy display in lacy gold mini dress at Tale of Thomas Burberry celebration Looked absolutely fabulous Winnie Harlow flashes her model legs in a thigh-skimming leather skirt as she makes a stunning entrance at VIP fashion launch At Royal Academy of Arts 'The two of them are a happy item': Former Westlife star Brian McFadden's new girlfriend is a PE teacher working at Rochdale secondary school 'It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me': Justin Timberlake gushes about son Silas as he talks about returning to the studio for his fifth album What a cheek!  Amber Rose tests the limits of spandex as she showcases her robust rear in tight workout pants Bringing sexy back Green goddess! Jenna Dewan wows in skintight cutaway dress as she attends Glamour Women Of The Year Awards Green with envy? A white-hot welcome! Kylie Minogue enhances her natural beauty with minimal makeup as she returns to her hometown in a casual-chic ensemble Chrissy Teigen wears sheer white dress as she walks hand-in-hand with John Legend on romantic outing in NYC Headed out on the town amid parent duties 'You gotta know your angle!' Kylie Jenner shows Khloe Kardashian how to take the perfect selfie  She sven pays someone to take her 'selfies' Cor (rie) blimey! Helen Flanagan showcases her incredible figure in a racy cut-out bikini as she holidays in Dubai with boyfriend Scott Sinclair Floating on air! Besotted dad Rob Kardashian surprises Blac Chyna and new daughter Dream with touching balloon message  Trying on for size? Bride-to-be Miranda Kerr stuns in form-fitting white frock as she makes a stylish arrival at Jaguar Concept Reveal Ready for winter! Suki Waterhouse shows off her lengthy pins in raunchy boots as she rubs shoulders with Gigi Hadid at fashion boutique launch Now that's a lesson in style! Myleene Klass bares her cleavage in plunging jumpsuit as she treats children Ava and Hero to night out at School Of Rock launch Stripe a pose! Karlie Kloss turns heads in black and white lace dress as she plays up for cameras at Carolina Herrera fashion celebration in Madrid Jude Law receives Sir Ian McKellen Award at Only Make Believe Gala The 77-year-old acting legend even 'dropped in' via video from London with a personal message Natural beauty! Salma Hayek wows in chic nature-inspired print dress for her pal Stella McCartney's star-studded fashion talk in London Michelle Williams holds hands with co-star Casey Affleck at Manchester By The Sea premiere in Beverly Hills Simple and stunning Ashley James puts on a eye-popping display in an itsy-bitsy bikini as she soaks up the sun on the beach in Ibiza Making the most of the sun She's proud of that booty! Khloe Kardashian flaunts her derriere as she does squats at the gym Taking after her bigger sister (in both senses) 'We gotta find these guys': Mark Wahlberg plays Boston cop at 2013 Marathon bombing in new trailer The upcoming film is called Patriots Day Make-up free Sofia Richie dresses down for a day of pampering at a Beverly Hills salon She doesn't appear to have had the Monday morning blues Romantic getaway? Chrissy Teigen and John Legend jet to JFK Airport without baby Luna The 37-year-old Oscar winner will likely sing his new single Poppy Delevingne flashes her abs in trendy crop top and sheer skirt combo as she cosies up to Derek Blasberg at Andy Warhol exhibition in NYC Breakup diet! Bella Hadid shows off unusually small waistline in crop top during Nike photo shoot in NYC Not an inch to pinch Real men wear pink! Brooklyn Beckham follows in his mother Victoria's fashionable footsteps as he makes a statement with pink beanie hat Chest saying! Ariel Winter makes cleavage focus of her look during Glamour Women Of The Year Summit where she admits she has 'no filter' A fine future ahead of her The Bad Blood is real! Andy Cohen reveals juicy diss Taylor Swift nailed Katy Perry with at Met Gala Revealed his part in the feud Hot metal! Matt Damon's gorgeous wife Luciana Barroso dazzles in silvery dress during date night at Manchester By The Sea premiere Smell what The Rock's cooking? Dwayne Johnson gets very hot and bothered on the Moana premiere red carpet sweating through his suit  Fan-flipping-tastic! Jessica Biel shows off some impressive acrobatic skills as she splashes around to celebrate getting 2m Instagram followers The day I gave Diana the crop and styled Cindy Crawford's locks with Coca-Cola: The hair raising confessions of a celebrity crimper Sam McKnight Lazy stories and shallow people, it really is grim up North London: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  The BBC's NW was a depressing concoction Bikini babe! Hailey Baldwin reminds everyone why she's a top model as she flaunts her toned body during Caribbean holiday Water body! Must be that rocking bod! Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson 'to be named' People Magazine's Sexiest Man Alive He's wrestled his way to the top 'Everyone can be Barbie!' Ashley Graham reveals doll designed in her likeness after being named one of Glamour's Women Of The Year  Such a doll! Frankie Bridge is the picture of elegance in plunging patterned gown at Virgin awards... as her husband Wayne breaks down on I'm A Celeb Out in a gown Brooke Shields, 51, looks youthful while enjoying some retail therapy in Los Angeles Played it simply chic as she enjoyed a shopping trip James Corden on target for Christmas number one after his song for Sainsbury's advert soars up the charts  A real cracker! She's got some front! Michelle Dockery wears plunging pantsuit at premiere of her new TV show Good Behavior Brought some necessary edge Easy, rider! Chris Hemsworth whizzes across a Byron Bay beach on an electric bike in Instagram video One way to get across the beach 'I'm in love!' Nick Jonas cradles his newborn niece Valentina for the first time The Goat actor met the baby 18 days after the birth Uber-chic Olivia Palermo dons flared denim at Letters to Andy Warhol opening The 30-year-old fashion maven headed to Cadillac House Corny yes, but this Lloyd Webber show is a lesson in musical fun: QUENTIN LETTS first night review of School of Rock  He's Lord Meat Loaf! Rekindling the flame? Exes Serena Williams and Common fuel rumours they are back together as they attend same event Interesting scenario She needs a nap! Pregnant Marion Cotillard looks weary during LA dinner after tirelessly promoting Brad Pitt WWII film Allied Struggling The Eighties called! Sheridan Smith is unrecognisable as a busty brunette on set of the movie adaptation of comic Jo Brand's book As schizophrenic mum Newly-engaged Pixie Lott can barely contain her glee as she heads to jewellers hours after fiancé Oliver Cheshire popped the question What a gem!  Emma Watson stars as Belle in the first trailer for Disney's long-awaited live action remake of Beauty And The Beast Looks stunning 'Worst thing I've ever done': I'm A Celeb's Scarlett, Jordan, Ola and Sam do Bushtucker Trial featuring 120,000 critters... as Moffatt is voted in first Choosing her prince wasn't ALWAYS such an easy choice! Meghan Markle giggles as she is asked to pick either William or Harry months before romance What a knockout! Katey Sagal, 62, looks half her age in shimmering gold dress at Bleed For This premiere in New York Age-defying She's a good sport! Gigi Hadid tries her hand at table tennis as she makes a sweeping entrance at VIP dinner in stylish satin jumpsuit In high spirits Make-up free Coleen Rooney flaunts her trim figure in semi-sheer mesh workout gear as she hits the gym Making the most of her free time Demure Dita! Burlesque extraordinaire Von Teese steps out in modest black polo neck and ornate silver skirt for evening in London Bringing the heat! Stella Maxwell flaunts her petite figure in tight workout gear for VS photo shoot in Miami Modeling with dumbbells in her hands Jessica Simpson's father Joe, 58, confirms he has prostate cancer and has already undergone surgery 'He's feeling great now and is optimistic' Kat Von D plunks down $6.5 million for Los Angeles home used in Steve Martin comedy Cheaper by the Dozen  The L.A. Ink star is the proud new owner 'It's like we get a little bit of dad back': Bindi Irwin says she remembers her dad the best every time she puts on her Australia Zoo uniform 'She's modified her face beyond all recognition!' Carol Vorderman, 55, stuns viewers after exhibiting 'frozen' complexion on I'm A Celeb Kourtney Kardashian returns home to a warm welcome from mom Kris Jenner...following her Mexican holiday with Scott Disick That an understatement Not very ladylike! Lady Victoria Hervey, 40, displays more than expected as she flashes perky assets when risqué swimsuit unfastens Brazilian bombshell! Adriana Lima flaunts her shapely derriere and rock hard abs for sportswear photo shoot Victoria's Secret Angel flaunted a pert posterior  Dapper Brad Pitt takes selfies with adoring fans at Allied screening in China... as he returns to the public eye after split with Angelina Jolie In better spirits again 'She works really hard': X Factor's Sam Lavery defends Honey G after elimination... as rapper faces backlash for surviving ANOTHER week 'He's such a good man': Marion Cotillard gushes about Allied co-star Brad Pitt... after shooting down rumours of an on set romance Caught up in split Naomi Campbell speaks for the first time about what it means to be black and British and joins other famous stars who were told to limit their ambitions due to their skin colour Take that! Bella Hadid throws a punch as she works out in boxing class after split from The Weeknd Was snug in her black, oversize fuzzy jacket  Jemima turns the page on her PR lover Freud: Socialite shares photo alongside book cover saying there is 'no caption needed'  Writes SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE Girl time! Bella Thorne and Demi Lovato don skinny jeans as they catch up over lunch at the trendy Urth Caffe They both have new romances 'I had a bit of a nervous breakdown' Ryan Reynolds admits secret battle with anxiety as he's named GQ's Man of the Year He's filming Deadpool Coy Khloe Kardashian attempts to go incognito in huge hoodie as she steps out in wake of Tristan Thompson split rumours  Looked glum Holly Willoughby is close to tears on This Morning as a distraught mother breaks down over her son's planned suicide during bullying phone-in 'I gave up my career for a really long time': Ayda Field admits she TURNED DOWN a major US TV show to be with husband Robbie Williams Mad Men vet Christina Hendricks, 41, looks youthful in grey pantsuit during Bad Santa 2 panel in NYC Looked so chic with her  wavy red tresses parted 'It was very romantic': Goldie Hawn gets VERY candid about her and Kurt Russell's sex life and discusses split with ex husband Bill Hudson In Aspen, Colorado,  'Fame is the best drug': Lady Gaga opens up about her addiction to stardom as she covers Harper's Bazaar She penned an open essay to the magazine Twice the star power! Madonna puckers up as she and Zac Efron take selfies together at UFC's Connor McGregor star-studded fight Lucky Star 20 years and counting! Ant and Dec sign new three-year deal with ITV marking a landmark anniversary with the channel and promising more I'm A Celeb and BGT until at least 2019 'It's really awkward': Girl On The Train star Haley Bennett on being constantly mistaken for Jennifer Lawrence There is an uncanny likeness 'I lost Jack': Natalie Portman is a heartbroken First Lady after JFK's assassination in emotionally charged trailer for Jackie Natalie Portman flatters her pregnant figure in a striped T-shirt as she runs errands A regular errand-running day, despite the relsease of a mega-bucks trailer Waiting on mom! Jennifer Garner grabs breakfast while Ben Affleck and son Samuel goof around in their car The amicable exes appeared to be relaxed  'I could write a book on back problems!': Duncan James confirms he is fit and well after sudden visit to A&E... five months after emergency surgery on his spine Maria Shriver looks beautiful in blue blouse dress as she speaks at Glamour Women Of The Year Summit She certainly looked glamorous Who's a Pretty Boy? Floyd Mayweather tries on some gold chains while browsing New York's Diamond District He is well used to wearing lots of bling Post election blues: Alec Baldwin looks depressed as he strolls with family before accusing NBC of not allowing SNL to endorse Hillary Clinton Back to her Mean Girls roots! Lindsay Lohan shows off new red locks reminiscent of her infamous movie character in cosy Instagram selfie Showdown! Exes Justin Bieber and Selena Gomez will compete for Artist Of The Year at the American Music Awards On November 20 It's only three weeks old! Amber Rose can't hide her horror as her brand new $371k Rolls-Royce gets rear-ended 'It's awesome!' Hailee Steinfeld opens up about being part of Taylor Swift's squad as she flashes her bra for magazine cover Gave glimpse of her bra 'I felt isolated': Robbie Williams describes the roller coaster ride with drugs, drink and depression that almost killed him... as he gets tearful over his daughter Hat's the way to do it! TOWIE's George Harrison flaunts her enviably svelte figure in a sizzling cut-out monokini as she enjoys a beach break in Spain 'Let's keep fighting to make it a better world for our children': Katie Holmes shares rare photo of daughter Suri with powerful message A productive playdate 'Sort your jaw out!' Vicky Pattison is slammed for 'gurning' on I'm A Celeb Extra Camp... as she mistakes show for Xtra Factor in awkward blunder 'I'm heartbroken, but proud of myself': Daisy Lowe flashes her toned abs in a crop top as she puts on a brave face after Strictly elimination  Put on a brave face 'She's built like a woman': Tommy Hilfiger praises 'smart, funny and humble' Gigi Hadid as he shows off his luxury New York apartment  'The 80s are back!' Luke Hemsworth channels He-Man for retro birthday bash with brother Liam and Miley Cyrus Time is rolling back 'They eat and stargaze': Sean Penn gripes about celebs who attend his foundation's annual gala... but don't donate a cent Looking rugged Ariel Winter posts a VERY cheeky Instagram snap from her Mexican holiday with Levi Meaden and pals Certainly making a splash 'We had good gossip': Courtney Love reveals unlikely friendship with Hillary Clinton... after meeting as they got their hair cut at same salon They met in 1988 'Being right sucks': The Simpsons poke fun at themselves in opening credits of first episode since Trump's election after predicting his presidency 16 years ago Pretty as a petal! Jaime King looks ultra feminine in romantic lace gown at intimate fashion dinner She was certainly the belle of the ball EXCLUSIVE: How Andy Cohen refused an invitation into Cher's bedroom and fuelleda feud between Mariah Carey and Jennifer Lopez Catherine Tyldesley flaunts her toned legs in skintight jeans as she presents radio show... after teasing Corrie's 'heartbreaking' Christmas storyline 'Why are you in, miss? You're a millionaire!' GBBO champ Candice Brown reveals pupils were shocked to see her return to her job as a PE teacher after win Off-duty beauty: Lottie Moss goes make-up free and rocks a casual outfit as she jets out of Barcelona after a girls' weekend  Bare faced chic She's a peach! Adriana Lima flaunts her lean bronzed limbs in pretty floral mini dress as she shops in Miami  Turned sidewalk into her catwalk Nick Knowles moves into estranged wife Jessica's home following 'traumatic' split 11 months ago... after admitting they 'are working through things' 'I've NEVER eaten a takeaway': Mary Berry shares her biggest foodie secrets (and reveals what husband Paul will be getting her for Christmas this year) Secrets of an A-list body: We reveal how YOU can get Mark Wahlberg's pecs The 45-year-old actor is renowned for his toned pecs LeAnn Rimes holds hands with husband Eddie Cibrian as they reunite with his ex-wife Brandi Glanville at son's soccer match Families united Ola Jordan keeps her lace dress ON as she sets up camp in I'm A Celeb... as jealous husband James warns about hitting on his 'firecracker' 'He has never taken responsibility for her': I'm A Celebrity's Larry Lamb 'has a secret daughter who he had at 21... and hasn't seen for 46 years'  Southern comfort! Garth Brooks joins Miley Cyrus as he gives expert advice to final 12 The Voice contestants ahead of live performance 'She just didn't even try': Former I'm A Celeb winner Charlie Brooks calls out Helen Flanagan for being 'the worst' campmate at bushtucker trials 'I don't know if it was dancing or a seizure': Cheeky Robbie Williams gives mother-in-law Gwen harsh critique as she dances to Pray on Loose Women Jesy Nelson is seen without her engagement ring AGAIN during Sydney trip... as speculation heightens over 'split' from fiancé Jake Roche PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Hilary Duff shows off her fit figure in a skimpy bikini while on holiday with boyfriend Jason Walsh in Puerto Vallarta  Feeling the heat 'There's so much I wish I could thank him for, just one last time': Leonard Cohen's son writes emotional tribute to his father following his death aged 82 Did Kendall Jenner quit Instagram? Model's account no longer available after ballerina outrage Following Kim's lead and taking a break? Jailed Apollo Nida set to return to Real Housewives Of Atlanta with his new FIANCEE (but what will Phaedra Parks say?) Serving eight years Millie Mackintosh shows off her abs in a berry bikini as she models for boyfriend Hugo Taylor's sunglasses line in Mauritius Wish you were here? Final plans for Leonardo DiCaprio's ultra-luxury private eco resort on 104-acre island off Belize are released  Bought in 2005 'It's been challenging, but like Alan Partridge, I'm bouncing back': Tony Blackburn opens up about returning to BBC radio months after being sacked  'She should be ashamed of herself!' Sharon Osbourne is slammed on Twitter as X Factor fans accuse her of changing her mind at the last minute In need of a drink? Simon Cowell clutches a bottle of beer as he leaves The X Factor with Lauren Silverman after Honey G survives ANOTHER week Getting the after-party started! Dita Von Teese, Dominic Cooper and Ophelia Lovibond let loose at the Evening Standard Theatre Awards Madonna's age gap... between her face and hand: Wrinkled mitts give away the singer's age as she attends UFC bout in New York  Unable to disguise age Chic Julia Roberts is every inch the stylish soccer mom in low-key skinny jeans and a hat as she cheers on her kids Low-key superstar 'You could bleed to death': Kris Jenner warns Kim Kardashian about seeking third natural pregnancy on KUWTK Hard to take in Chrissy Teigen oozes retro glamour in a super-plunging Seventies-style jumpsuit as Fergie goes for a sheer mini at intimate fashion dinner Lindsay Lohan at the centre of a battery case as 'two Russians assault a man accused of spreading rumours about her' More drama The People v OJ Simpson leads the way with six Critics' Choice Awards nominations... as Game Of Thrones gets five Booty-ful day at the beach! Larsa Pippen shows off her fit figure in plunging white swimsuit while sunbathing in Miami Kim K's BFF A head for heights! Carol Vorderman leads the way as she conquers terrifying 300ft walk above city in I'm A Celebrity's first Bushtucker Trial   Ultimate flashing champion! Newly-single Bella Hadid shows off her bra in sheer top as she goes hell for leather on way to Conor McGregor fight No comment! Kanye West refuses to confirm if he still plans to run for President in 2020  The 39-year-old Life of Pablo artist ignored questions Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
X Close World Home > News > World < Back to SMG 45 Tuesday, 1 November 2016 | MYT 2:36 PM Airbus sees China demand for 5,970 jets over 20 years ZHUHAI, China (Reuters) - Aircraft maker Airbus Group on Tuesday said it had raised its 20-year forecast for aircraft demand in China by about 500 planes as growth in the country's middle class fuels private consumption, underpinning air travel growth. Airbus said it expected total demand for 5,970 passenger jets worth $945 billion (773 billion pounds) in the next 20 years, including 4,230 medium-haul, single-aisle jets like its A320 or Boeing Co's 737. The increase of about 500 aircraft compared to a previous prediction had been embedded in the plane maker's global forecasts since July, but not previously published separately. Airbus executives unveiled the Chinese forecasts at Airshow China, held every other year in Zhuhai, southern China. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) You May Be Interested Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Weak ringgit to impact 5 sectors Best smartphones for the holidays Alibaba's founder to support 'mini Jack Ma' until university graduation Private-public partnerships in a connected world Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Xiaomi opens its Mi Store on Lazada Tourists now prefer lodgings with Airbnb flavour, hoteliers told MRT fare starts at RM1 advertisement Latest News Polls, Macron campaign launch throw French presidential election wide open Syria's Assad say must wait and see if Trump lives up to promises to fight militants Key Venezuela lawmakers step down in concession to government U.S. House reauthorises Iran sanctions bill, sets Syria sanctions Trump win adds pressure on Brazil to pass reforms, executives say Most Viewed in News Zuraida refuses to accept apology from Jamal Yunos Closure of 106 bank branches due to rationalisation plans, says Deputy Finance Minister Heavy downpour brings traffic to a crawl along swamped LDP Adam Rosly: I purchased house with hard-earned cash Zuraida questions approval for Jamal's helicopter ride Jamal baffled how PKR Youth division leader can afford 'castle' home Tycoon Joseph Lau reveals details of breakup with ex-girlfriend in full-page newspaper announcement Family of Chinese student forced to give nude selfies to loan sharks to pay off her debts Snatch thief killed while fleeing from pursuers I initiated 1MDB probe, Najib tells Japanese weekly Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)

Toggle navigation Toggle navigation Home Samachar News Finance SPORTS Movies Bawarchi Astrology Videos Gold rates DUBAI GOLD RATES RUPEE Jobs Health Antzill Techtalk Web Sify Search Sify.com Finance Airlines In big week for air expos, defence jets outlook rosy as civil aviation fragile In big week for air expos, defence jets outlook rosy as civil aviation fragile Source : By : Tim Hepher and Brenda Goh Last Updated: Tue, Nov 01, 2016 10:53 hrs Post your Comments Tweet Mail Print From Zhuhai in southern China to Florida, hawkers of civil and military aircraft - and the money to finance them - will try to drum up new business at aerospace expos this week, conscious their high-risk industry is approaching a turning point. After U.S. weapons firms beat profit forecasts, analysts say tensions in eastern Europe and Asia are reversing a post-Cold War slump in defence spending that's good news for military aircraft makers. At the same time, commercial aviation is faltering after record orders in recent years. "Civil is weakening and turning very spotty in places, whereas defence is growing in U.S. and world markets," said Teal Group consultant Richard Aboulafia. "It's a combination of a re-armament cycle coupled with something of a ramp-up based on regional tensions and fears." China's biggest aviation event - Airshow China, starting in Zhuhai on Tuesday - underlines the trend in what is a banner week for the industry. A defence trade show takes place in Jakarta and an air finance conference in Hong Kong, as well as the annual U.S. business jet jamboree in Orlando, Florida. Topping Airshow China's agenda is the last-minute public debut of the J-20 stealth fighter - a warplane China hopes will narrow a military gap with the United States. Ability to project air power is key for China as it flexes muscles on territorial disputes in the East China and South China seas. It's the second successive edition of the biennial Zhuhai show at which China has pulled the covers off a classified stealth jet, after displaying the export-oriented Shenyang J-31 in 2014.  Western analysts say the J-20 moves up a gear in terms of China's ability to punch beyond its territory, though it may lack the clout of its lookalike, the U.S. F-22 Raptor. The Xian Y-20 strategic cargo carrier, similar to the U.S. C-17 aircraft, will also be present. C919 LAUNCH - WHEN? Another hot topic at Zhuhai will be the outlook for the much-delayed launch of state-owned aircraft maker Comac's 150-seat C919 passenger jetliner - Beijing's civil aerosopace effort to challenge the domination of Airbus Group and Boeing Co. The C919 is currently scheduled to take flight this year, but industry sources say this will slip to 2017. "When it was launched the C919 was supposed to fly in 2014. Now it is 2016 and it hasn't flown, because developing a commercial jet has been much harder than they expected," said China aerospace expert Bradley Perrett of Aviation Week. The delays mean the jet is launching into a civil aviation market looking softer due to slowing growth - a subject set to dominate discussion on business jets when 1,000 financiers gather at the two-day Airline Economics conference this week in Hong Kong. With more than a million millionaires and over 200 billionaires, China should also be among the most promising markets for private jets. But belt-tightening and Beijing's corruption crackdown have hit demand for large models, which resisted a post-financial crisis drop in industry sales. The plight of the business jet trade will dominate the U.S. National Business Aviation Association's Florida get-together this week. "Previous declines always rebounded," said Daniel Hall, senior valuations analyst at Flight Ascend consultancy, referring to business jet sales. "This has clearly not." INDO DEFENCE Underlining the current divide between civilian and military aviation fortunes, foreign sellers are expected to flock to the Nov. 2-5 Indo Defence arms exhibition in Jakarta, just weeks after Indonesian jets staged exercises on the edge of a South China Sea area claimed by Beijing. With Indonesia's arms imports up threefold since 2010, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, competition between suppliers is brutal. Delegates at the event will seek updates on a tentative decision by Indonesia to buy Sukhoi Su-35 fighters from Russia. Potential rival suppliers are fighting to stay in contention to supply Jakarta with fighters, in what one Western source described as a test for efforts by President Joko Widodo to enforce more transparency in big-ticket deals. Rivals Lockheed Martin, Sweden's Saab and owners of Europe's Eurofighter will all attend Indo Defence. SEARCH More from Sify: gold rate silver rate   Cities   Price (10g)   Gold Rate in Chennai   Rs. 29100.00 (0.45%)   Gold Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 30030.00 (-0.2%)   Gold Rate in Delhi   Rs. 29900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 29880.00 (0.37%)   Gold Rate in Kerala   Rs. 28900.00 (0%)   Gold Rate in Bangalore   Rs. 28900.00 (0.35%)   Gold Rate in Hyderabad   Rs. 29070.00 (0.17%) more   Cities   Price (1 kg)   Silver Rate in Chennai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Mumbai   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Delhi   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kolkata   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%)   Silver Rate in Kerala   Rs. 43855.00 (0.34%) more talking point on sify finance About Us Data Center Cloud Computing Servers Cloud Applications Hosting MPLS VPN Network Services Disclaimer Privacy Policy Careers Feedback Advertise Digital © Copyright Sify Technologies Ltd, 1998-2016. All rights reserved
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video AIRSHOW-China's COMAC says clinches new C919, ARJ21 orders from Chinese le... Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Industrials | Mon Oct 31, 2016 | 11:32pm EDT AIRSHOW-China's COMAC says clinches new C919, ARJ21 orders from Chinese leasing firms ZHUHAI, China Nov 1 State-owned plane maker Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) said on Tuesday it had clinched 23 new firm orders for its C919 passenger jet, from two Chinese leasing firms who also took out options to buy 33 more. In a statement released to coincide with Airshow China, the country's biggest air expo, COMAC said SPDB Financial Leasing ordered five C919 planes - designed to China's challenger to Airbus Group and Boeing Co in the narrow-body aircraft market - and took options for a further 15. Financial details weren't disclosed. COMAC said Citic Financial Leasing had ordered another 18 of the jets, with options for a further 18, again without disclosing financial terms. The new deals brings total orders for the much-delayed C919 jet - which has yet to make its maiden flight - to 570 from 23 customers, it said. The company also said that it received an order from China Aerospace Leasing Company for 20 of its ARJ-21 regional jets. The leasing firm also took out options for a further 20, bring total global orders for the aircraft to 413 from 19 customers. (Reporting by Brenda Goh; Editing by Kenneth Maxwell) Next In Industrials Toilets, trade and towns; boom time for Asia's plastic makers Nov 16 From India's plan to plumb in over 100 million toilets in six years to China's ambitious new Silk Road network and the continued movement of millions of people into cities across Asia, plastic makers face years of strong demand. UPDATE 1-Navy reaches quake-hit New Zealand town * Expert warns of devastating impact on sealife (Adds comment from PM Key, conversation with Trump, comments from fisherman) UPDATE 2-United to restrict low-fare flyers to one carry-on bag Nov 15 United Continental Holdings Inc took a leaf out of its low-cost competitors' playbook on Tuesday by unveiling a new low fare that limits customers to one carry-on bag that fits under a seat, part of a broader plan to boost profit over the next four years. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Protesting Trump’s win Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Register Help Remember Me? Home Forum New Posts FAQ Calendar Forum Actions Mark Forums Read Quick Links Today's Posts Thanks / Like Statistics Hottest Threads / Posts New Posts Get All New Posts 1 Day 3 Days 7 Days Advanced Search Forum Forums Daily Headline News Travel & Tourism News DR1 Travel News - 1 November 2016 Results 1 to 1 of 1 Thread: DR1 Travel News - 1 November 2016 Thread Tools Show Printable Version Search Thread   Advanced Search 10-31-2016, 03:59 PM #1 Dolores View Profile View Forum Posts Visit Homepage DR1 Join Date May 2000 Posts 5,785 Post Thanks / Like Likes (Given) 50 Likes (Received) 836 Dislikes (Given) 0 Dislikes (Received) 7 DR1 Travel News - 1 November 2016 PAWA ready to fly to Miami Air Europas Dreamliner flies MAD-SDQ Air Century adds flight to San Juan, Puerto Rico Santo Domingo Triathlon on Sunday, 13 November PAWA ready to fly to Miami PAWA Dominicana airline is starting flights from Miami, Florida to Santo Domingo on Wednesday, 16 November 2016. PAWA Miami flights will leave from Miami (MIA) at 5:15 am and at 2:30 pm flights from and Las Americas International Airport (SDQ) will leave at 10am and 6:15 pm. PAWA will operate two flights per day, seven days a week. Ramirez says that the airline chose to serve Miami because it is home to the second largest community of Dominicans with some 175,000 living in South Florida. PAWA says they expect to transport 116,000 passengers by the end of 2016. The Miami-Santo Domingo flight will be the first commercial flight by a Dominican carrier to the US in more than 20 years. Gourmet food service is included in the fares. According to company president Luis Ramírez, the hot food served on board will be a complete gourmet experience of typical Dominican fare prepared by well known Chef Tita of Travesías Restaurant in Santo Domingo. There is also an open bar serving Dominican rum and coffee. PAWA Dominicana is alreadly flying to Curacao, St. Martin, Antigua, Haiti, Aruba, Puerto Rico and Cuba from Las Americas International Airport. http://www.miamiherald.com/news/busi...110646057.html http://www.elcaribe.com.do/2016/10/2...787-dreamliner Air Europas Dreamliner flies MAD-SDQ President Danilo Medina was at the Las Americas International Airport with executives of Air Europa to welcome the first Boeing 787 Dreamliner to land in Santo Domingo with 209 passengers on board the inaugural flight on Wedneday, 26 October 2016. Air Europa flight 089 from Madrid arrived at Las Americas International. The arriving passengers were welcomed by President Medina, Minister of Tourism Francisco Javier García, Minister of Foreign Relations Miguel Vargas and the director of Aerodom, Monika Infante Henríquez. Juan Jose Pepe Hidalgo, president of the Grupo Globalia, owner of Air Europa, who came on the inaugural flight said that all passengers are guaranteed a unique experience on the airplane, which he described as the most modern in the market and preferred for long-haul flights. President Medina and the high-ranking government delegation toured the aircraft. The modern airplane has capacity for 306 passengers  174 tourist class, 22 business class, and 10 crew. Air Europa now has three Boeing 787s in operation of 22 that are on order through 2022. Air Century adds flight to San Juan, Puerto Rico As of 5 December 2016, Air Century will be offering scheduled flights to San Juan, Puerto Rico from the La Isabela (Joaquín Balaguer) International Airport (JBQ) in northern Santo Domingo. Air Century is mainly known for its small plane charter service. The flights to Puerto Rico will be on board a Saab 340B aircraft. The charter airline also has regular flights to Haiti since March 2016. The airline hopes to add Aruba, Santiago de Cuba and St. Martin in the near future. See http://aircentury.com Santo Domingo Triathlon on Sunday, 13 November With 400 triathletes, 100 duathlete and 300 5K runners registered, the Santo Domingo Triathlon is set for Sunday, 13 November 2016. The race takes competitors through the historic attractions of the Colonial City of Santo Domingo. The race starts at 8am and ends at the Fortaleza Ozama on Las Damas Street. Now in its second year, the event is organized by AF Sports. The categories in the Santo Domingo triathlon are Super Sprint, Sprint, Olympic, 5K and duathlon races. Dominican Triathlon Federation president Luis López said that the initiative seeks to promote the sport while promoting Santo Domingos main tourist attractions. The organizers donate part of the registration fees to the St. Jude Foundation that works with child cancer patients. For the occasion, the Foundation will be selling T-shirts from their Jude Collection with designs by famous artists. Registration fees start at RD$1,225.*See https://www.sdctickets.do/detail/7 Reply With Quote « Previous Thread | Next Thread » Bookmarks Bookmarks Digg del.icio.us StumbleUpon Google Posting Permissions You may not post new threads You may not post replies You may not post attachments You may not edit your posts   BB code is On Smilies are On [IMG] code is On [VIDEO] code is On HTML code is Off Forum Rules Contact Us DR1 Home Page Archive Top All times are GMT -4. The time now is 08:08 PM. Powered by vBulletin® Version 4.2.3 Copyright © 2016 vBulletin Solutions, Inc. All rights reserved. Feedback Buttons provided by Advanced Post Thanks / Like (Pro) - vBulletin Mods & Addons Copyright © 2016 DragonByte Technologies Ltd.

You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Video Gallery Gallery Business Gas Prices Weather LiveStreams El Extra App for Android & iOS Obituaries Sports RGVSports.com Local Pro Teams College South Texas Outdoors Festiva Entertainment TV Listings Calendar Lottery Submit an Event Vida vidaHealth vidaEducation vidaFood vidaOutdoors vidaSunday Community Contest NIE Kid Scoop Opinion Broken Borders Send a Letter Editorials Columnists Carlos Sanchez Sandra Sanchez Board of Contributors Cartoons Q&A Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory Legal Notices Careers Customer Service Subscribe MyMonitorNews.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Employee Directory Advertise with Us Forms Commercial Print Privacy Policy Marketplace Marketplace Churches Health and Medical Auto Dealers Restaurants RGV Alerts 63° McAllen, TX (78504) Today Foggy early, becoming sunny this afternoon. High 86F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 61F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 15, 2016 @ 7:53 am Full Forecast Monitor Alerts | MyMonitorNews.com | Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Toggle navigation News Local News Video Gallery Gallery Business Gas Prices Weather LiveStreams El Extra App for Android & iOS Top Story NHC Atlantic Tropical Weather Discussion More Headlines Fast-food fan Trump could remake healthy school lunches NHC Atlantic Tropical Weather Discussion Congressman Rubén Hinojosa thanked by local leaders Founder of Teleton Mexico named Mr. Amigo 2016 Obituaries Sports RGVSports.com Local Pro Teams College South Texas Outdoors Top Story Overreactions: Cowboys are Super Bowl-bound Dak and Zeke are taking the Dallas Cowboys to the Super Bowl. More Headlines NBA Capsules Leonard has 24 points, Spurs hold off Heat, 94-90 Nowitzki misses another Mavs loss, says he is getting better Harris leads Pistons past Thunder 104-88 Festiva Entertainment TV Listings Calendar Lottery Submit an Event Top Story REGIONAL RAMBLINGS: Many streaming services available for wrestling fans Over the past year, I’ve been sampling different professional wrestling streaming services. More Headlines Biopic is intensely personal, analyzes conviction of war McAllen Book Festival highlights library’s approach to encouraging literacy SOUND 'ROUND: Striving to grow comfortable in their new skin TOP SHELF: 'The House on Mango Street' an endearing classic Vida vidaHealth vidaEducation vidaFood vidaOutdoors vidaSunday Community Contest NIE Kid Scoop Top Story SURFACE TREATMENT: Fanciful creatures Sandra Cancino creates alebrijes. Her brightly colored paper-maché creatures have the energy of living specimens perched on white pedestals. Currently held captive at Beyond Arts Gallery, several of them are on display. The folk art style sculptures are made with a technique the artist learn… More Headlines SUNDAY ADVICE: Reasons the United States is great TRAVEL SERIES: The trek on ice GARDEN VIEW: Growing herbs in South Texas SURFACE TREATMENT: Artist’s carefully crafted work on display at IMAS Opinion Broken Borders Send a Letter Editorials Columnists Carlos Sanchez Sandra Sanchez Board of Contributors Cartoons Q&A Top Story COMMENTARY: Ending Texas' text and drive addiction It’s been six years since I first started working on legislation to address traffic safety issues posed by Texans using their cellphones while driving. More Headlines EDITORIAL: Texas needs a distracted driving ban LETTERS: On presidential election results COMMENTARY: I told them Clinton was in trouble COMMENTARY: It's World Diabetes Day Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Service Directory Legal Notices Careers Customer Service Subscribe MyMonitorNews.com Activate Account Start/Stop Delivery Pay Your Bill Complaints Contact Us About Us Employee Directory Advertise with Us Forms Commercial Print Privacy Policy Marketplace Marketplace Churches Health and Medical Auto Dealers Restaurants RGV Alerts Close Buy Now Red Huber A gibbous moon shines on Sunday, June 28, 2015, as a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is set to launch from Launch Complex 40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. A NASA advisory committee is questioning SpaceXâ€™s fueling process.(Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel/TNS) NASA advisory committee questions SpaceX's unorthodox fueling process SAMANTHA MASUNAGA | LOS ANGELES TIMES Nov 1, 2016 (…) Buy Now Red Huber A gibbous moon shines on Sunday, June 28, 2015, as a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket is set to launch from Launch Complex 40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida. A NASA advisory committee is questioning SpaceXâ€™s fueling process.(Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel/TNS) LOS ANGELES _ A NASA advisory committee has twice questioned SpaceX's fueling process _ a procedure that came under closer scrutiny after one of the company's rockets exploded on a launch pad in September while being fueled. The group's concerns _ expressed before and after the explosion _ show ongoing doubt with the Hawthorne, California, company's unorthodox fueling practice as it plans to transport astronauts to the International Space Station. Those worries, analysts say, aren't likely to affect the company's return to flight, though they could delay SpaceX's timeline for manned space station trips. A member of the International Space Station advisory committee asked Monday how NASA will evaluate the safety of SpaceX's fueling procedure when astronauts are on board as part of the commercial crew program. This question was first raised in a letter in December 2015, according to the Wall Street Journal, 10 months before the explosion that destroyed one of SpaceX's Falcon 9 rockets and a commercial communications satellite. The advisory committee provides recommendations to NASA on issues related to the International Space Station, including spaceflight safety, readiness of missions to the space station and crew health. Its recommendations are not binding. SpaceX's investigation of the cause of the explosion has narrowed to one of three composite overwrapped pressure vessels, which store helium that helps pressurize the liquid oxygen tank in the rocket's second stage. The Hawthorne company said it was able to re-create a failure in one of those pressure vessels "entirely through helium loading conditions," which are primarily affected by the temperature and pressure of the helium being loaded. SpaceX said Friday that it was focused on confirming a root cause of the explosion and "developing improved helium loading conditions that allow SpaceX to reliably load Falcon 9." The company loads fuel into its rockets differently than other aerospace companies. SpaceX uses superchilled liquid oxygen so it can pack more fuel into the tank and increase its power at liftoff to hoist heavy payloads. But to keep the fuel at that low temperature and maximize the efficiency, the company has to fuel up the rocket right before launch. When SpaceX eventually takes astronauts to the International Space Station, the company said crew will be on board the spacecraft while propellant is being loaded into the rocket. During that time, the Crew Dragon spacecraft launch abort system will be enabled. "I'm not aware that in any other U.S. human spaceflight launch, the booster is fueled after the crew is aboard," said John Logsdon, professor emeritus of the Space Policy Institute at George Washington University. "It's a deviation from the norm, and that's bound to raise concerns." In a December 2015 letter to NASA headquarters, International Space Station advisory committee Chairman Lt. Gen. Thomas Stafford said that fueling a rocket with the crew on board was counter to decades of international space launch policies, according to the Wall Street Journal. NASA supervises the commercial crew program, in which SpaceX and Boeing Co. are building spacecraft to ferry astronauts to the International Space Station. Since the space shuttle program ended in 2011, NASA has relied on the Russian Federal Space Agency to take U.S. astronauts to the station. SpaceX said it has worked with NASA for a year and a half on a "detailed analysis of all potential hazards with this process." A report documenting safeguards against these hazards was approved by NASA's safety technical review board in July, SpaceX said. "There will be continued work ahead to show that all of these controls are in place for crewed operations and that the verifications meet NASA requirements," SpaceX said. "These analyses and controls will be carefully evaluated in light of all data and corrective actions resulting from the anomaly investigation." In a statement Tuesday, NASA said the spacecraft and rockets set to transport astronauts must meet NASA's safety and technical requirements before the agency will certify them to carry humans. NASA said it is working through a "rigorous review process" with both companies and will continue to evaluate SpaceX's process for fueling the Falcon 9 rocket for commercial crew launches. The results of the explosion investigation will also be incorporated into NASA's evaluation, the agency said. Analysts said the committee's concerns about the fuel-loading process could mean a delay in the timeline of the commercial crew program. "The safety standard for carrying humans is much higher than for carrying satellites," Bill Ostrove, aerospace and defense analyst at Forecast International, said in an email. SpaceX has said it plans to launch its first crewed mission to the space station in late 2017, though a NASA Office of Inspector General's report released in September said a crewed flight was more likely to occur in late 2018. "They've got to start playing it safe," said Marco Caceres, senior space analyst at Teal Group. "They are more of an establishment player and they've got a relatively good reputation. They have something to lose now." ___ (c)2016 Los Angeles Times Visit the Los Angeles Times at www.latimes.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. Feds want to know potential SpaceX impact on LNG plants In the wake of the Sept. 1 explosion that destroyed a SpaceX rocket on the launch pad at Cape Canaveral, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission wants to know what impact a failed launch from SpaceX’s Boca Chica launch site could have on LNG facilities at the Port of Brownsville. Meet the Candidate Jaime R. Solis, RPH For Edinburg School Trustee Place 4 135 Paseo del Prado, Edinburg, TX 78539 Senator Chuy Hinojosa Senator Hinojosa Campaign Headquarters 612 W. Nolana, Suite 410, McAllen, TX 78504 956-992-9155 Political Robert Peña Edinburg School Board Place 4 2516 Freddy Gonzalez Drive, Edinburg, TX 78539 Upcoming Events Nov 15 X-treme BUGS Invades IMAS! Tue, Nov 15, 2016 — all day Nov 15 IMAS Fall Hours Tue, Nov 15, 2016 — all day Nov 15 Human Resource Executive Talent Acquisition Tech Conference Tue, Nov 15, 2016 @ 7:30 am Post Your Event MyMonitorNews This Week's Circulars Cars 2016 Chevrolet Tahoe $51,988 Condition: Used Mileage: 6,622 Engine: 8 Cylinder Trans: Automatic Color: Brownstone Metallic Updated 5 hrs ago 2013 Kia Optima $14,780 Condition: Used Mileage: 44,560 Engine: I-4 Cyl Trans: Automatic Color: Silver Updated 20 hrs ago 2016 Mazda CX-5 $18,588 Condition: Used Mileage: 14,067 Engine: 4 Cylinder Trans: Automatic Color: Meteor Gray Mica Jun 24, 2016 Featured Businesses Express Travel 1001 S 10th St Ste P, Mcallen, TX 78501 956-630-1002 Currently Open Wilson's Hearing Aid Service 112 N McColl Road, Suite A , McAllen, TX 78501 956-686-1127 Monica's Banquet Hall 2905 N Cesar Chavez, San Juan, Tx 78589 956-789-0178 Bert Ogden Nissan McAllen 721 N. Jackson Rd., McAllen, TX 78501 956-631-6666 Currently Open Coldwell Banker BorderPlex 2015 E. Griffin Parkway, Mission, TX 78572 956-682-3131 Currently Open McCreery Aviation Co 2400 S 10th St, Mcallen, TX 78503 956-686-1774 Currently Open 1st Class Auto 1400 E. Nolana, McAllen, TX 78501 956-684-9128 Currently Open Bella Vista Eye Care 1001 E. Ferguson, Pharr, TX 78577 956-782-9444 Discount Title Loan 1617 N. Conway Ave., Mission, TX 78572 956-600-7449 Bert Ogden Infiniti 4901 S. Exp 281, Edinburg, TX 78539 956-583-0000 Currently Open Printex Express 401 E. Nolana Loop, Pharr, Tx 78577 956-781-2029 Bert Ogden Hyundai 8621 W.Expressway 83 Frontage Harlingen TX 78552, Harlingen, TX 78552 956-412-3333 Currently Open Bert Ogden Mission Chevrolet 1400 E Expressway 83, Mission, TX 78572 956-581-1111 Currently Open Vehicles State Farm Jennifer Torres Jennifer Torres 2000 S. McColl Rd Suite A2, McAllen, TX 78503 956-843-0285 Bert Ogden Buick GMC 4216 North Expressway 281, Edinburg, TX 78539 956-381-4444 Currently Open Yepez Jewelry 1904 S. Main Street, McAllen, TX 78501 956-661-1490 Bert Ogden Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram 8421 West Expressway 83 Frontage, Harlingen, TX 78552 956-423-5555 Currently Open Vehicles Bert Ogden Volvo of Edinburg 4221 South Hwy. 281, Edinburg, TX 78539 956-287-9999 Currently Open South Texas Comfort Systems 302 S Rangerville Rd, Harlingen, TX 78552 956-365-3138 Currently Open Leo's Drive In 1114 E Palma Vista Drive, Palmview, TX 78572 956-585-3818 Currently Open Advanced Dental Associates 713 S. Texas, Weslaco, TX 78596 956-969-2960 Currently Open Discount Title Loan 318 N. Cage Blvd, Pharr, TX 78577 956-961-4580 Discount Title Loan 500 N. Texas Blvd., Weslaco, TX 78596 956-854-4230 Discount Title Loan 920 N 10th St #10, McAllen, TX 78501 956-627-0096 Bert Ogden Cadillac 1402 East Expressway 83, Mission, TX 78572 956-581-4444 Currently Open Vehicles City Of Penitas 1111 S Main St, Penitas, TX 78576 956-581-3345 Currently Open Singer Professional Sewing Center LLC 416 North 10th Street, McAllen, TX 78501 956-686-6658 Queen City Cafe 434 S. Ohio Ave., Mercedes, TX 78570 956-565-2371 Gran Gala Party Rental 1702 E. Griffin Pkwy Ste. A, Mission, TX 78572 956-566-3503 Discount Title Loan 1002 W University Dr, Edinburg, TX 78539 956-720-4292 Valley Sports Screen Printing & Embroidery 1108 N. Conway Ave., Mission, TX 78572 956-581-5430 Currently Open Pest Lab 3613 Lott Road, Donna, TX 78537 956-464-6081 Currently Open Beauty Secrets Spa and Salon 3509 N. Ware Rd., McAllen, TX 78501 956-534-4775 Bert Ogden Fiesta Chevrolet 4002 South Expressway 281 , Edinburg, TX 78542 956-383-1000 Currently Open Charles Clark Chevrolet 801 W. Business 83 , McAllen, TX 78501 956-686-5441 Currently Open Vehicles Hersa Enterprises Inc 706 Mozelle ave, Pharr, TX 78577 956-787-7400 Currently Open Bert Ogden Harlingen Kia 8321 West Expressway 83 Frontage, Harlingen, TX 78552 956-412-2244 Currently Open Bert Ogden Mission Mazda 2309 East Expressway 83, Mission, TX 78572 956-519-3333 Currently Open Vehicles Bert Ogden Edinburg Mazda 4221 South Highway 281, Edinburg, TX 78539 956-381-0001 Currently Open Vehicles The Galeria Antiques and Collectibles 329 S. Cage, Pharr, TX 78577 956-222-1530 Bert Ogden Subaru 4221 South U.S. Highway 281, Edinburg, TX 78539 956-381-0001 Currently Open JGKL Jones, Galligan, Key & Lozano, L.L.P. 2300 W. Pike Blvd., 2nd Floor, Weslaco, TX 78596 956-968-5402 Currently Open Bert Ogden McAllen BMW 3201 N 10th St, McAllen, TX 78501 956-686-6666 Currently Open Royalty Pet Grooming Salon 2101 N. 11th St., McAllen, TX 78501 956-682-3525 GBT Security Cameras 5601 W. Expressway 83, Mission, TX 78572 956-581-5911 Currently Open The Monitor 1400 E Nolana Loop, McAllen, TX 78504 (956) 378-4112 Currently Open Safety Central 301 N. McColl Rd. Suite E, Mcallen, TX 78501 956-630-5659 Currently Open Volvo Of Edinburg 4221 S Hwy 281, Edinburg, TX 78539 956-381-0001 Vehicles Bert Ogden Mission Kia 2307 E. Expressway 83, Mission, TX 78572 956-519-3333 Currently Open Vehicles Clark-knapp Honda Of Mcallen 801 W US Highway 83, McAllen, TX 78501 956-686-0555 Find a local business Our Most-Viewed Posts Europa, hip new hangout in McAllen, to open Nov. 19 Harlingen boy dies during field trip bus incident Suspect in custody for shooting that killed man, 3-year-old Mission CISD moves forward with Tom Landry Stadium renovations Healthcare referendum fails again -- in a big way Real Estate Locator Homes SAN BENITO 2/1 $475 ALAMO - 1100 S.F. $1,250 West Harlingen Bass Lake 55 & over Park, 1 bedroom Bedrooms: 1 Advertising Info Commercial Print Print Document Specifications Commercial Print Online Bid Bid Place an Ad Co-op Advertising National Advertising Advertise Online Features Subscriber Services Missing Paper Subscribe Services Monitor Alerts Search Contact Information themonitor.com 1400 E. Nolana McAllen, TX 78504 Phone: 956-683-4000 Email: iservices@themonitor.com Follow Us Copyright © 2016 The contents of this website may not be reproduced without written permission from The Monitor. All rights reserved. Careers | Autos | Homes | Jobs
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases Satellite Press Releases and News Aerospace Composites Market by Fiber Type (Glass, Carbon, Aramid), Resin Type (Epoxy, Phenolic, Polyester, Polyamide, Thermoplastic), Aircraft Type (Commercial, Business & Ga, Military, Civil), Application and Region – Global Forecast to 2021 NEW YORK, Nov. 2, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — “Aerospace composites market projected to grow at a CAGR of 8.95%” The global aerospace composites market is projected to reach USD 32.35 billion by 2021, at a CAGR of 8.95% from 2016 to 2021. The major drivers stimulating the growth of the global aerospace composites market are, the increasing demand for light weight, fuel efficient and high performance materials from commercial airline companies, increased penetration of composites in advanced aircraft as well as low cost carriers and the high worldwide growth in the number of new generation aircraft deliveries. However, issues related to recyclability and the lack of standardization in manufacturing technologies, are restraining the growth of the aerospace composites market. “Exterior structural applications accounted for the largest market share in the aerospace composites market, by value.” Aerospace composites are extensively used in exterior aircraft components such as fuselage, wings, undercarriage, propulsion system and others. The key drivers for aerospace composites are, the global growth in the number of airplane deliveries in the near future, high performance properties such as being light weight, excellent safety & acoustic features and complying eco-friendly regulations. In order to comply with the eco-friendly regulations, aerospace manufacturers such as Boeing (U.S.), Airbus (France), GE Aviation (U.S.), and others have started using aerospace composites to manufacture exterior as well as interior components of aircraft. Thus, investing in aerospace composites production for exterior structural aerospace components would be the most profitable revenue pocket for stakeholders. “North America is the fastest-growing market for aerospace composites.” North America is expected to be the fastest-growing market for aerospace composites during the forecast period. Increased number of aircraft deliveries, clearance in the backlog of aircraft orders by commercial airline companies, and the replacement of old aircraft with advanced ones, is driving the growth of the aerospace composites market in North America. The U.S. leads the market for aerospace composites in North America. Further, the penetration of aerospace composites in the U.S. aerospace industry is expected to increase due to capacity expansion for the production of aerospace composites by major composite manufacturers, the increased budget for defense aircraft programs and growth in the aerospace industry due to a stable economy. This study has been validated through primaries conducted with various industry experts, globally. These primary sources have been divided into the following three categories: – By company type- Tier 1- 35%, Tier 2- 25%, and Tier 3- 40% – By designation- C Level- 30%, Director Level- 25%, and Others- 45% – By region- North America– 30%, Europe– 25%, Asia-Pacific– 30%, Latin America– 10% and Middle East & Africa– 5% The report provides a comprehensive analysis of company profiles, which include: – Solvay Group (Belgium) – Toray Industries, Ltd. (Japan) – Teijin Ltd. (Japan) – Hexcel Corporation (U.S.) – Royal Ten Cate (Netherlands) – SGL group (Germany) – Owens Corning (U.S.) – Mitsubishi Rayon Co., Ltd. (Japan) – Materion Corporation (U.S.) – Renegade Materials Corporation (U.S.) Research Coverage: The report covers the global aerospace composites market and the usage of aerospace composites in various structural components of different types of aircraft. It aims at estimating the market size and future growth potential of this market across different segments such as application, service, deployment type, user type, industry verticals, and regions. Furthermore, the report also includes an in-depth competitive analysis of the key players in the market along with their company profiles, SWOT analysis, recent developments, and key market strategies. Reasons to buy the report: The report will help market leaders/new entrants in this market by providing them the closest approximations of the revenues for the overall aerospace composites market and the subsegments. This report will help stakeholders to better understand the competitive landscape and gain more insights, to better position their businesses and market strategies. The report also helps the stakeholders to understand the pulse of the market and provides them information on key market drivers, restraints, challenges, and opportunities. Read the full report: http://www.reportlinker.com/p04268636-summary/view-report.html About Reportlinker ReportLinker is an award-winning market research solution. Reportlinker finds and organizes the latest industry data so you get all the market research you need – instantly, in one place. http://www.reportlinker.com __________________________ Contact Clare: clare@reportlinker.com US: (339)-368-6001 Intl: +1 339-368-6001 Source: http://www.prnewswire.com/rss/all-news-releases-from-PR-newswire-news.rss Link: Aerospace Composites Market by Fiber Type (Glass, Carbon, Aramid), Resin Type (Epoxy, Phenolic, Polyester, Polyamide, Thermoplastic), Aircraft Type (Commercial, Business & Ga, Military, Civil), Application and Region – Global Forecast to 2021 Author RSS ImportPosted on November 2, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: PNG Gold Announces $3,000,000 Financing and Share Consolidation Next Next post: ArcBest Corporation to Appear at the Stephens 2016 Fall Investment Conference Search for: Search Recent Posts BRICS Nations Defense Spends on C4ISR Electronics and IT: 2016 to 2024 West Hartford Chiropractic Sponsors Copper Beech Institute's Annual Harvest Celebration Jobjet Releases "Freemium" Package of Its Powerful Recruitment Software Degenerative Scoliosis Global Clinical Trials Review, H2, 2016 Proptech From Surga Central Streamlines Commercial Property Viewings Recent Comments Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
News and Press Release Distribution, Since 1995 Deliver Your News to the World Sign In Create a Free Account Home News How We Work Compare Services FAQ All WebPost WebPost PPC WebRelease Targeted Media Wire Service Thales scores significant avionics wins in 2016 to equip over 400 aircraft in China Across 2016 Thales has consolidated its position as the avionics component supplier of choice in China. The Group has signed contracts to equip avionics components on over 400 Boeing and Airbus, mainly single aisle aircraft, across multiple Chinese airlines. WEBWIRE – Wednesday, November 2, 2016 Thales will equip many major Chinese airlines including China Southern and China Eastern with its market leading equipment including its market leading Flight Management System, Thales/ACSS T3CAS systems, TopFlight SATCOM and Head-Up Displays. Thales considers China to be one of its most important markets for avionics components. Chinese airlines have extremely aggressive growth strategies to meet the requirements of growing demand and they need an avionics supplier that can deliver fast, and guarantee service excellence. This is why our leadership position in China is one of our strongest proof points to demonstrate the level of product maturity and service excellence Thales brings.  Daniel Malka, Thales Vice President in charge of Avionics Services Worldwide activities. A total of 154 Airbus 320NEOs will be equipped with a full component package including Thales Flight Management Systems, the Thales/ACSS T3CAS Traffic and Terrain Collision Avoidance Systems, as wells as the ELT Integra, the Radio altimeters and the Head-Up Displays. The Group will also be equipping over 150 B737MAX aircraft with different sets of components, including over 100 TopFlight Inmarsat SATCOM systems and 50 with both TCAS3000 and Long Range Radio Altimeters. Chinese airlines have been investing heavily in the 737NG platform and Thales has been the supplier of choice on these new versions of the popular Boeing single aisle, for components ranging from TopFlight Inmarsat SATCOM, TCAS3000 and Low Range Radio Altimeter. The group signed contract on over 80 of these aircraft.   Notes Thales provides innovative solutions for Chinas infrastructure (backbone for the countrys growth). With more than 30 years development in China, Thales has is a trusted partner for Chinese aviation and urban rail transportation industries. In China, Thales employs 1,300 employees, 95% of which are Chinese nationals.   ( Press Release Image: http://photos.webwire.com/prmedia/2/206041/206041-1.png ) Related Links Source WebWireID206041 This news content was configured by WebWire editorial staff. Linking is permitted. News Release Distribution and Press Release Distribution Services Provided by WebWire. Tools Printer-friendly version Email this Release Email Form Your Name Your Email Your Recipient's Name Your Recipient's Email Comments Verification Code: Please type in this box the code you see above: Send Bookmark this Release Show all del.icio.us Yahoo! Google Live Ask BlinkList Diigo Slashdot Technorati Simpy Netvouz Mister Wong Share this Release Show All Reddit LinkedIn StumbleUpon Twitter Digg My Space Mixx Squidoo Newsvine Fark Blue Dot WebWire Related Industries Airlines / Aviation Business Announcements Electronic Components Transportation / Shipping Distribute Your News Every day, hundreds of individuals and companies choose WebWire to distribute their news. WebWire places your news within numerous highly trafficked news search engines generating leads and publicity. Submit Your Release Now! WebWire® 1995 - 2016 About Us Terms of Service Privacy Statement
Browse Archives Login Profile Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Past Issues Contact Us Tablet Mobile Features Stargazing Calendar Fun & Games Photo Galleries Current Ads Advertiser Index Links 2016-11-01 / Features Tweet Print Happy 70th Anniversary! Blue Angels’ Homecoming Air Show is November 11-12 The Navy’s Flight Demonstration Squadron, the Blue Angels, will close the 2016 season at their annual Homecoming Air Show aboard Naval Air Station Pensacola on Friday and Saturday, November 11 and 12. The world-famous Blue Angels F/A 18 Hornet will perform their amazing aerobatics, thrilling the local crowd in this their final air show of the year and the team’s 70th anniversary. Tentatively scheduled for both days will be extraordinary aerobatics by performers such as the Vertigo Air Shows Jet Glider, the world’s only jet-launched sail plane, flown by Bob Carlton; an Air Force F-16 Fighting Falcon Demo and Heritage Flight with a vintage Warbird, Skip Stewart in a high-flying aerobatic symphony, Kevin Coleman in his one-of-a-kind Extra 300SHP, the Pemberton Aerosports Team in their Edge 540, the Shockwave Jet Truck driven/piloted by Chris Darnell, plus many more acts. Along with incredible flying demonstrations, dozens of military and civilian aircraft will be on display. These static displays will include a variety of aircraft ranging from the present-day, state-of-the-art fighters to aircraft from the 1930s. In addition to the scheduled Friday and Saturday shows, there will be a special night show from 4:30-7 p.m. Friday, Nov. 11 only. Aircraft will light up the sky with full afterburner and pyrotechnics, and will end with one of the largest fireworks shows in the Pensacola area. Gates open both days at 8 a.m. and admission and parking for all shows are free. Areas will be reserved for the physically challenged. Food and memorabilia will be available at numerous concession stands. Pets and coolers are not permitted. Security personnel and signs will direct spectators to parking areas near the show site. Additional information on the show and reserved seating, go to http://www.naspensacolaairshow.com. WHAT IS THE MISSION OF THE BLUE ANGELS? The mission of the United States Navy Flight Demonstration Squadron is to showcase the pride and professionalism of the United States Navy and Marine Corps by inspiring a culture of excellence and service to country through flight demonstrations and community outreach. WHERE DID THE NAME “BLUE ANGELS” ORIGINATE? The name was picked by the original team when they were planning a show in New York in 1946. One of them came across the name of the city’s famous Blue Angel nightclub in the New Yorker Magazine. WHERE WAS THE BLUE ANGELS’ FIRST AIR SHOW? Craig Field, Jacksonville, Florida, on June 15, 1946. WHY IS THE C-130 CALLED “FAT ALBERT?” “Fat Albert” is a nickname given to the plane by Marine Corps Blue Angel pilots in the 1970s because of its size and shape. It is a reference to the popular children’s cartoon of the same era. HISTORICAL AIRCRAFT OF THE BLUE ANGELS In 1946, the Chief of Naval Operations, Admiral Chester Nimitz, had a vision to create a flight exhibition team in order to raise the public’s interest in naval aviation and boost Navy morale. In the 1940’s, we thrilled audiences with our precision combat maneuvers in the F6 Hellcat, the F8 Bearcat and the F9 Panther. During the 1950’s, we refined our demonstration with aerobatic maneuvers in the F9 Cougar and F-11 Tiger and introduced the first six-plane delta formation, still flown to this day. By the end of the 1960’s, we were flying the F-4 Phantom, the only two seat aircraft flown by the delta formation. In 1974, we transitioned to the A-4 Skyhawk, a smaller and lighter aircraft with a tighter turning radius allowing for a more dynamic flight demonstration. In 1986, we celebrated our 40th Anniversary by unveiling the Boeing F/A-18 Hornet, which we still fly to this day. In 1949, it became necessary for the Blue Angels to operate a support aircraft to move personnel and equipment between show sites. These support aircraft including the Douglas R4D Sky Train, the Curtiss R5C Commando, the Douglas R5D Skymaster, and the Lockheed C-121 Super Constellation. In 1970 the team received the Lockheed Martin C-130, affectionately known as “Fat Albert.” Homecoming Air Show at Naval Air Station Pensacola  Friday Nov. 11 and Saturday 12, 2016 U.S. Navy Flight Demonstration Squadron the Blue Angels will perform aerial acrobatics over the Gulf of Mexico during a weekend of high-flying fun. Special Night Show Friday Nov. 11 ONLY Enjoy amazing Blue Angels action beginning at 4:30 p.m. to 7:00 p.m. Aircraft will light up the sky with full afterburner and pyrotechnics and will end with one of the largest fireworks shows in the Pensacola area. Gates open both days at 8 a.m. Admission and parking for all shows is free!! For more information about the practices at the Museum of Naval aviation, call 850-452-3604 or visit www.navalaviationmuseum.org. The Blue Angel Practice Schedule is subject to change without notice. Return to top Copyright © 2005-2016 The Gulf Breeze News, All Rights Reserved. Newspaper web site content management software and services
Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Central American Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports Flight Arrivals US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info US Airlines UK Airlines Canadian Airlines Central American Airlines South American Airlines European Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Airwise Travel Airwise Airwise News Back Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories Airport Guide Flight Arrivals Back US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports Asian Airports Australian Airports Airline Info Airwise Travel Home | < Previous page Airwise Home News Top Stories Porter Flight Dives To Avoid Possible Drone November 14, 2016 A Porter Airlines flight with 54 passengers onboard was forced to dive suddenly to avoid an unidentified object as it approached Toronto on Monday. Read story Lufthansa Pilots Union Set To Call Strikes November 14, 2016 Lufthansa pilots’ union Vereinigung Cockpit has threatened strikes in support of a long-running pay dispute. Read story Honda To Increase Business Jet Production November 14, 2016 Honda Aircraft is planning to ramp up production of its HondaJet business aircraft as orders increase. Read story Grupo Synergy To Buy Aeromar Stake November 14, 2016 Grupo Synergy has announced plans to buy a stake in Mexican carrier Aeromar for up to USD$100 million. Read story Ryanair, TUIfly Ordered To Repay Illegal Aid November 11, 2016 The European Commission has ordered three airlines to repay EUR€12.7 million in illegal state aid given by Austria’s Klagenfurt airport. Read story Airline News Lufthansa Pilots Union Set To Call Strikes November 14, 2016 Lufthansa pilots’ union Vereinigung Cockpit has threatened strikes in support of a long-running pay dispute. Read story Porter Flight Dives To Avoid Possible Drone Grupo Synergy To Buy Aeromar Stake Computer Problem Affecting Airline Check-in Resolved Ryanair, TUIfly Ordered To Repay Illegal Aid Airport News Porter Flight Dives To Avoid Possible Drone November 14, 2016 A Porter Airlines flight with 54 passengers onboard was forced to dive suddenly to avoid an unidentified object as it approached Toronto on Monday. Read story Ryanair, TUIfly Ordered To Repay Illegal Aid American’s O’Hare Fire Caused By Engine Failure - NTSB US To Expand Passenger Preclearance UK Backs Additional Runway At Heathrow Airwise News Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Feature Stories Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Search Airwise Most Viewed Stories Porter Flight Dives To Avoid Possible Drone Lufthansa Pilots Union Set To Call Strikes Honda To Increase Business Jet Production Grupo Synergy To Buy Aeromar Stake Travel Industry News US To Expand Passenger Preclearance HNA Group To Buy Hilton Stake Indonesia's August Tourist Arrivals Jump 16 Percent Spain’s Tourist Arrivals Increase In August UK Visitor Numbers Hit July Record Tourism News Lufthansa Pilots Union Set To Call Strikes Computer Problem Affecting Airline Check-in Resolved US To Expand Passenger Preclearance US Airlines’ Thanksgiving To Be Busier Eurowings Union Calls Off Strikes Aviation Stories Honda To Increase Business Jet Production Pratt & Whitney Wins USD$800 Mln Contracts From China Spirit Aero Reports Third Quarter Profit Chinese Lessors Order 23 COMAC C919s Donghai Airlines, Boeing Agree 787-9 Order Freight/Cargo Stories IATA Reports Stronger Freight Growth FedEx Plane Catches Fire At Florida Airport FedEx Express To Expand Paris CDG Hub Boeing To Convert 767s To Freighters For Atlas Air Heathrow Passenger Numbers Hit New Record Feature Stories MH370 Search Looking In The Wrong Place? Cuba Scrambles To Keep Pace With US Tourist Boom Malaysia Air CEO Exit Revives Debate Over Foreign Boss Kuwait Airways Seen Facing Last Chance Doubts Remain On Malaysia Airlines' Future AIRWISE Home Site Search Contact Us AIRWISE NEWS Top Stories Airline News Airport News Aviation News Cargo/Freight News Travel Industry News Tourism News Feature Stories Popular Stories Recently Added Stories AIRPORT GUIDE World Airports US Airports UK Airports European Airports Canadian Airports South American Airports Middle East Airports African Airports Asian Airports South Pacific Airports AIRLINE INFO World Airlines US Airlines UK Airlines European Airlines Canadian Airlines South American Airlines Middle East Airlines African Airlines Asian Airlines South Pacific Airlines Copyright © 2016 Ascent Pacific.
null
Sign In Register Home Agent & Broker Agency Management Sales & Marketing Agency Technology Commercial Business Coverage Issues E&S/Specialty Business Personal Lines Business Next-Gen Initiatives Go to Agent & Broker Markets Commercial Lines E&S/Specialty Personal Lines Reinsurance Workers' Comp Go to Markets Risk Management Cybersecurity Loss Control Corporate Risk Public Sector Risk Weather Risk Captives Go to Risk Management Claims Auto Catastrophe & Restoration Education & Training Investigative & Forensics Litigation Go to Claims Carrier Innovations Analytics & Data Technology Solutions Technology Implementation Information Security Regulation/Legislation Go to Carrier Innovations Video Library Resource Center Claims Buyers Guide Superstorm Sandy Coverage Charity Works Coverage Video ALM Events Industry Events Webcasts About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Press Room Reprints Magazines eNewsletters Feedback National Underwriter Property & Casualty Claims Claims Buyers Guide America's Claims Event Sign In Register Menu eNewsletters Magazines Feedback? Search Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn Menu Read Next Article Accenture says one-third of corporate cyber attacks succeed Share This Story Filed Under:Agent Broker, E&S/Specialty Business MH370 may have fallen at 25,000 feet per minute, searchers say Nov 02, 2016 | By Angus Whitley Email LinkedIn Twitter Facebook Google+ Share This Story In this July 29, 2015 file photo, French police officers inspect a piece of debris from a plane in Saint-Andre, Reunion Island. (AP Photo/Lucas Marie, File) (Bloomberg) -- Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, missing for more than two years, may have plummeted at 25,000 feet a minute in its final moments and wasn’t configured to land when it hit the water, according to the latest analysis by Australian investigators. Right wing flap Debris recovered from the missing Boeing Co. 777 jet indicates the right wing flap was positioned for cruising when it separated from the plane, the Australian Transport Safety Bureau said in a report Wednesday. At the same time, the aircraft’s final satellite communications suggest MH370 was in a fast and ever-increasing rate of descent, the ATSB said. Complete your profile to continue reading and get FREE access to PropertyCasualty360.com, part of your ALM digital membership. Benefits: Your access to unlimited PropertyCasualty360.com content isn’t changing. Once you are an ALM digital member, you’ll receive: Critical PropertyCasualty360.com information including educational webcasts and videos, resources from industry leaders, and informative eNewsletters. Exclusive discounts on ALM, National Underwriter, Claims, and PropertyCasualty360.com events. Access to other award-winning ALM publications including BenefitsPro.com, LifeHealthPro.com, ThinkAdvisor.com and Law.com. Register Now Already have an account? Sign In *May exclude premium content X Sign in with your ALM Account Remember Me Or... Sign In With LinkedIn Register for an Account | Forgot Your Password *May exclude premium content Copyright 2016 Bloomberg. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. « Prev Next » Show Comments Most Popular Stories Commercial Lines What does a Trump presidency mean for the P&C industry? Commercial Lines 11 companies lead the J.D. Power Auto Claims Satisfaction study Personal Lines Auto claims face a bumpy road ahead Reinsurance Top 10 U.S. reinsurance companies Featured Video Inside Lloyd's: Writing a reinsurance risk at Lloyd's of London Provided by PropertyCasualty360 Share this video Most Recent Videos Inside Lloyd's: John Nelson and the Lloyd's Building Video: NUPC Excellence in Workers' Comp Risk Management award winners on WCI TV VIDEO: Live from the 2016 WCEC General Session Video Library ›› Top Story 7 tips to protect nonprofits and their volunteers from risks Volunteers can be a great asset for nonprofits, but they also can pose some risks. Top Story 5 tips for insurers to successfully implement new technology Begin by talking about what you are trying to achieve, and say it over and over again. Resource Center Prev Next AIG Resource Library Insights for the Insurance Professional Supporting Corporate Risk of Executive Talent Learn the key solutions to help minimize Corporate Risk of Executive talent. 8 Ways to Streamline Your Business Learn how to improve your client experience and get policies signed faster. More Resources Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. eNewsletter Sign Up Specialty Markets Insight eNewsletter Receive updates and analyses on hard to place and challenging coverages. Sign Up Now! Subscribe Now → Featured Topics Commercial Business 7 tips to protect nonprofits and their volunteers from risks Rosalie L. Donlon Volunteers can be a great asset for nonprofits, but they also can pose some risks. Corporate Risk Profits push 'hypercompetitive' activity in the surety marketplace Michael P. Voelker A strong growth in construction drives bonding demand, but also a shortage in skilled workers, giving rise to increasing claims. Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS About Us Contact Us Advertise With Us Privacy Policy Press Room Reprints Copyright © 2016 ALM Media, LLC. All Rights reserved. Advertisement. Closing in 15 seconds.
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper DEFENSE CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper DEFENSE Daily Sabah > Business > Defense Close In a big week for air expos, defense jets outlook rosy as civil aviation wavers REUTERS ZHUHAI Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE A Chinese J-10B fighter is seen ahead of the China International Aviation and Aerospace Exhibition in Zhuhai, Guangdong province. Analysts say tensions in eastern Europe and Asia are reversing a post-Cold War slump in defence spending, while hawkers of civil and military aircraft will try to drum up new business at aerospace expos this week From Zhuhai in southern China to Florida, hawkers of civil and military aircraft - and the money to finance them - will try to drum up new business at aerospace expos this week, conscious their high-risk industry is approaching a turning point. After U.S. weapons firms beat profit forecasts, analysts say tensions in eastern Europe and Asia are reversing a post-Cold War slump in defence spending that's good news for military aircraft makers. At the same time, commercial aviation is faltering after record orders in recent years. "Civil is weakening and turning very spotty in places, whereas defence is growing in U.S. and world markets," said Teal Group consultant Richard Aboulafia. "It's a combination of a re-armament cycle coupled with something of a ramp-up based on regional tensions and fears." China's biggest aviation event - Airshow China, starting in Zhuhai today - underlines the trend in what is a banner week for the industry. A defence trade show takes place in Jakarta and an air finance conference in Hong Kong, as well as the annual U.S. business jet jamboree in Orlando, Florida. Topping Airshow China's agenda is the last-minute public debut of the J-20 stealth fighter - a warplane China hopes will narrow a military gap with the United States. Ability to project air power is key for China as it flexes muscles on territorial disputes in the East China and South China seas. It's the second successive edition of the biennial Zhuhai show at which China has pulled the covers off a classified stealth jet, after displaying the export-oriented Shenyang J-31 in 2014. Western analysts say the J-20 moves up a gear in terms of China's ability to punch beyond its territory, though it may lack the clout of its lookalike, the U.S. F-22 Raptor. The Xian Y-20 strategic cargo carrier, similar to the U.S. C-17 aircraft, will also be present. Another hot topic at Zhuhai will be the outlook for the much-delayed launch of state-owned aircraft maker Comac's 150-seat C919 passenger jetliner - Beijing's civil aerosopace effort to challenge the domination of Airbus Group and Boeing Co. The C919 is currently scheduled to take flight this year, but industry sources say this will slip to 2017. With more than a million millionaires and over 200 billionaires, China should also be among the most promising markets for private jets. But belt-tightening and Beijing's corruption crackdown have hit demand for large models, which resisted a post-financial crisis drop in industry sales. The plight of the business jet trade will dominate the U.S. National Business Aviation Association's Florida get-together this week. "Previous declines always rebounded," said Daniel Hall, senior valuations analyst at Flight Ascend consultancy, referring to business jet sales. "This has clearly not." Underlining the current divide between civilian and military aviation fortunes, foreign sellers are expected to flock to the Nov. 2-5 Indo Defence arms exhibition in Jakarta, just weeks after Indonesian jets staged exercises on the edge of a South China Sea area claimed by Beijing. With Indonesia's arms imports up threefold since 2010, according to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, competition between suppliers is brutal. Delegates at the event will seek updates on a tentative decision by Indonesia to buy Sukhoi Su-35 fighters from Russia. Rivals Lockheed Martin, Sweden's Saab and owners of Europe's Eurofighter will all attend Indo Defence. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Defense Aselsan developed the Air Defense System Preventing Unmanned Aerial... Next in Defense Turkey has given its defence ministry the mandate to buy a further... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Turkey to buy 24 additional Lockheed F-35 aircraft Aselsan's new system hunts illegal unmanned aerial vehicles Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out03:08 GMT +316 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Airplane Arabesques: British Airways Hosts First Ever In-Flight Bolshoi Ballet © Photo: British Airways Europe 19:18 02.11.2016(updated 00:37 03.11.2016) Get short URL 91552210 The world's first ever Bolshoi Ballet musical has been performed 50 kilometers above the earth on a flight from London Heathrow to Moscow. Marking the start of British Airways' new luxury Dreamliner flights to Russia, Welsh songstress Katherine Jenkins boarded the aircraft along with stars from the Bolshoi Theater and performed Somewhere Over the Rainbow for the passengers and crew on the new jet. My 1st concert at 41,000 feet! Flew to Russia & back today on board BA's new Dr…. https://t.co/mK8DalGmt1 https://t.co/ZqKqkxCb1N — Katherine Jenkins (@KathJenkins) November 1, 2016 ​"We are honored to be part of this very first flight to Moscow and unite the heart and soul of classical Russian culture with an iconic British brand such as British Airways in this performance on board," Artemy Beyakov, leading soloist from the Bolshoi Theater said. We loved the creative challenge of using the new Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner as our stage, and the experience was as memorable for us as it was for the audience." © Photo: British Airways Katherine Jenkins and dancers from the Bolshoi Ballet perform first-ever ballet and musical performance in the sky "Ballet in the sky takes it to a whole new level," dancer Olga Marchenkova added. ​Katherine Jenkins said she was delighted to have been invited to perform in the sky: "I have always been excited to sing in Russia due to its deep and rich history in the arts, and performing alongside dancers from the Bolshoi Ballet was a very special experience for me." © Photo: British Airways Katherine Jenkins and dancers from the Bolshoi Ballet perform first-ever ballet and musical performance in the sky ​And it won't have been too much of a hardship either, the new BA weekly flights has only eight seats in first class, rather than the usual 14, which the airline says offers customers "even greater exclusivity and privacy," and clearly enough room for the Bolshoi Ballet to perform in the sky. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 210 Related: Refugee Themed Ballet Rehearses in St. Petersburg St Petersburg Eifman Ballet to Stun Audience in Monaco, Israel, UK See What Happens When Hip-Hop Meets Ballet Tags: dancing, singing, ballet, opera, Russian ballet, flight, British Airways, Bolshoi Theater, Moscow, Russia, United Kingdom, London TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Mikhas 20:26 02.11.2016 | 2 | Edit | Delete Well i´m shocked, SHOCKED! Still nothing from the British regime and it´s rabidly anti-Russian tabloids on "KGB-spies" "doped" and "Russians are coming!" Not even a "poor performance" and "amateurs" just silence. I´mean after all the effert to paint them as devils incarnate, we can´t just show Russians as the wonderful artistic human being they are can we? Reply Hermes 21:25 02.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Great idea to entertain the rich with some culture on their jouneys. The principle should be applied elsewhere too. Why not have their gas meters read by an actor of the Royal Shakespaerian Company for instance. He or she would make it sound a lot better and I am sure the rich are willing to pay for a service like that. It would help a lot of unemployed actors too. I wonder if there is a second first class for people who either don't wanna watch it or who have already seen it. Reply chrrev 06:43 05.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete 50 km... wow were they on the way to the ISSShow new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories Moscow Says US Rhetoric on Syria Situation Based on 'Flagrant Lies' Russia's defense ministry made the statement on Tuesday, adding that the US State Department has never backed its empty claims against Russia's actions in Syria with concrete actions. 132930 Washington DC Students March to Trump Hotel Protesting President-Elect (PHOTOS) High school students in Washington, DC, walked out of class just before noon to march to Trump Hotel in protest of the election again on Tuesday. 17856 US Army Probes Defects in Excalibur Artillery Shells Minor cracks were found in several US Army and Marine Corps 155mm-howitzer Excalibur artillery shells, according to Audra Calloway, a spokeswoman at Picatinny Arsenal, an American military research and manufacturing facility, and home of the Excalibur program office. 1718 ‘F**k Trump’ Message Projected Onto Side of Atlanta Hotel (PHOTOS) Pictures surfaced on Twitter Monday night of the words “F**k Trump” projected on the side of the Crowne Plaza Hotel in Midtown Atlanta. 3571 FBI: Anti-Muslim Hate Crimes in US Skyrocket in Last Year Hate crimes against Muslims in the United States are occurring at the highest frequency since the 2001 attacks on the World Trade Center, soaring by 67 percent in 2015, the FBI reported. 376 Assange's Lawyers May Appeal to President-Elect For Help in WikiLeaks Case Lawyers for WikiLeaks have announced that they may appeal to US president-elect Donald Trump to close the investigation into publisher Julian Assange. 8934 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 02:54French President Stresses Importance of Finding Shared Interests With Russia 02:35First Ever Explosive Detection Drone Revealed at Tel Aviv Cyber Conference 02:21French Businessman Confesses to Delivering $5.36Mln From Gaddafi to Sarkozy 02:16Trump Receives First Intelligence Daily Briefing 02:12Trump Neocon Advisors Might Thwart US-Russian Cooperation in SyriaAll news Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 19299 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 9658 Russian Admiral Grigorovich Frigate Targets Terrorists in Syria With Missiles 8180 Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov Aircraft Carrier Begins Combat Operations in Syria 7778 Russian Naval Group in Syria Protected by S-300, Bastion, Pantsir Systems 7201All news Clinton Blames FBI Director for Loss 51 Vladimir Putin Holds Phone Talks With US President-Elect Donald Trump 47 Obama Expected to Demand Greece Close its Ports to Russian Warships 41 NYT Almost Admits it Failed in its Election Coverage 39 Russian MIG-29 Crashes in Med After Takeoff From Aircraft Carrier 38All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Ivanka Trump, the President-Elect's Right-Hand (Wo)man Trump's New Administration US Citizens Believe Electoral System Needs to be Changed News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Mobile Version Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
MENU HOME SEARCH ABOUT Organization Public Affairs References NEWS Army Worldwide Press Releases STAND-TO! Army Live Blog MEDIA Photos Videos Publication LEADERS Secretary Under Secretary Chief of Staff Vice Chief of Staff Sergeant Major of the Army FEATURES Valor Events Heritage Army 101 ARMY A-Z SOCIAL MEDIA AKO CONTACT US JOIN FAQS Army researchers tackle a tiny enemy: sand By David McNally, ARL Public AffairsNovember 4, 2016 1 / 6 Show Caption + Hide Caption – In austere environments with lots of sand and dust, Army aviators risk engine loss without a technology solution to protect their gas turbine engines. Army researchers are searching for a sandphobic coating. (Photo Credit: U.S. Army) VIEW ORIGINAL 2 / 6 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Besides the danger of low-visibility, sand and dust wreak havoc inside aircraft engines. As molten sand accumulates inside gas turbine engines, air flow is restricted caused loss of power. Army scientists and engineers are working to discover sandphobic coatings to save lives. (Photo Credit: U.S. Army) VIEW ORIGINAL 3 / 6 Show Caption + Hide Caption – Army scientist Dr. Michael Walock (left) explains the operation of the U.S. Army Research Laboratory's hot particulate ingestion rig to ARL post-doctoral fellow Dr. Andy Nieto. (Photo Credit: David McNally) VIEW ORIGINAL 4 / 6 Show Caption + Hide Caption – A hot particulate ingestion rig replicates temperatures inside a gas turbine engine, allowing Army scientists and engineers to shoot sand into a hot gas flow and experiment with different coatings solutions. (Photo Credit: David McNally) VIEW ORIGINAL 5 / 6 Show Caption + Hide Caption – During brown-out conditions when a helicopter flies into a cloud of sand, micron-sized particles go through the turbine's combustor and adhere to the blades of the engine restricting air flow and causing power loss. Army scientists use samples to discover a potential sandphobic coating for the inside of engines. (Photo Credit: David McNally) VIEW ORIGINAL 6 / 6 Show Caption + Hide Caption – In austere environments with lots of sand and dust, Army aviators risk engine loss without a technology solution to protect their gas turbine engines. Army researchers are searching for a sandphobic coating. (Photo Credit: U.S. Army) VIEW ORIGINAL ABERDEEN PROVING GROUND, Md. -- Armor offers reliable protection against external forces, but what if the enemy is so small that it can take aircraft down from the inside? Sand and dust can significantly damage helicopter engines, which is why scientists and engineers at the Army Research Laboratory are experimenting with coatings in high-temperature environments with the goal of creating something -- anything -- that will cause sand to slide off the inside of a turbine engine the way an egg slides off a nonstick skillet. "We are going through a very methodical process to understand the underpinning science and then use the science to predict the materials, what we call the engineered or tailored materials, that will lead to the right solution," explained Dr. Anindya Ghoshal, chief scientist for the laboratory's Vehicle Technology Directorate. Ghoshal leads the Army's efforts to develop what he calls "sandphobic" coatings. In regions like Southwest Asia, he said, Army forces frequently must contend with brown-out conditions, during which sand particulates and other dust particulates are ingested into the engines. "Our goal is to have the particles strike the blades or vanes [inside a gas turbine engine] and then flake off," he said. "When we started looking into this problem, we found ... we want to understand the physical, chemical behavior. Once we can do that, then our idea is to take that model and then predict the type of material that would enable us to develop this sandphobic coating." Helicopters already have filtration systems that attempt to filter out larger particles, but Ghoshal said micron-sized particles can pass through the turbine's combustor and adhere to the blades. This chokes the airflow and can lead to engine loss. "We have a unique rig here," said Dr. Michael Walock, a physicist on the sandphobic coatings team. "The hot particulate ingestion rig allows us to shoot sand into the hot-gas flow at small level components and rapidly prototype new coating materials. With this system we've done a world-first. We used high-speed imaging to confirm the molten state of the sand particles impacting onto these thermal barrier coatings." Computer simulations are also helping researchers arrive at a technology solution. "Computer modeling will play a big role in helping us to look at the interactions between particles and the surface," said Dr. Muthuvel Murugan, acting team lead for the lab's Turbomachinery Research Team. "The particles go through a phase change from solid to liquid and then they deposit onto the surface." At the Army's Vehicle Research Laboratory, the team shot high-speed videos, revealing molten sand particles splattering on turbine blade material targets and then vaporizing -- a first in the scientific community. "Computer modeling of this multi-physics complex phenomena will allow us to understand the damage mechanisms," Murugan said. Murugan said they hope to use the power of supercomputers at the Department of Defense High Performance Computing Center also located at APG. "We will use advanced computational fluid dynamics, together with particle ingestion, to better understand the interaction mechanisms of sand particles at a gas-turbine-engine-relevant high temperature," he said. "When we simulate how particles go through the flow-field and impact and adhere to the surface, then we can understand the vulnerable parts of the turbine blade and engineer a sandphobic coatings solution." Sandphobic coatings research is part of a larger strategic effort the Army lab officials call the Science for Maneuver Campaign. "With this campaign, we hope to discover, innovate and transition science and technology-enabled capabilities that will significantly increase the force effectiveness and global responsiveness of the Army," said acting ARL Director Dr. Philip Perconti. "As we look to how we're going to enable the Army of the future, we see a need to discover technology solutions that will result in improvements in aviation responsiveness and the minimization of vulnerabilities." Earlier this year, Ghoshal's team received DOD funding through the Laboratory University Collaboration Initiative, or LUCI, which means $600,000 over three years in collaboration with a National Security Science and Engineering Faculty fellow. Ghoshal is teaming with Dr. Jian Luo at the University of California San Diego. "There is a close collaboration going on within the community to solve this problem," Ghoshal said. Ghoshal is also working closely with other universities, industry and government agencies, such as The Ohio State University; University of Connecticut; University of North Texas; Iowa State University; University of North Dakota; Boeing; the Army Aviation and Missile Research, Development and Engineering Center; the Air Force Research Laboratory; the Naval Air Systems Command; and NASA. In 2015, the team presented initial findings, "Turbomachinery Blade Thermomechanical Interface Science and Sandphobic Coatings Research," to the American Helicopter Society International 71st Annual Forum at Virginia Beach, Virginia. The paper received the "Best Paper Award in Propulsion Sessions" at the conference, Ghoshal said. New research from the team will also be published in the January 2017 Advances in Aircraft and Spacecraft Sciences, an international journal. "I strongly believe that, in the next three to five years, we will have not only one, but several solutions," Ghoshal said. "It will definitely save a lot of Soldiers' lives in the long run. Our solutions will make our Soldiers' lives safe and will make our Army stronger." ----- The U.S. Army Research Laboratory is part of the U.S. Army Research, Development and Engineering Command, which has the mission to ensure decisive overmatch for unified land operations to empower the Army, the joint warfighter and our nation. RDECOM is a major subordinate command of the U.S. Army Materiel Command. RELATED LINKS Amry.mil: North America News U.S. Army Materiel Command U.S. Army Research, Development and Engineering Command U.S. Army Research Laboratory Sciences-for-Maneuver Campaign Plan Vehicle Technology ARL on Facebook ARL on Twitter ARL TV RELATED STORIES October 28, 2016Army lab invites industry, universities to open house for future collaborations November 8, 2016Girls jump into day of science and engineering November 1, 2016Army science advisors explore opportunities for collaboration October 31, 2016Natick hosts Food Science & Industry Day October 13, 2016White Sands Missile Range's employee's son cooks his way to the White House October 25, 20162/503rd Paratroopers participate in Exercise Strong Shield October 18, 2016Natick and Tufts hold grand opening for Center for Applied Brain and Cognitive Sciences October 6, 2016Laboratory names senior campaign scientist for materials research October 28, 2016I Corps leads Army Warfighting Assessment efforts… from a distance September 23, 2016Tattoos disappear at Evans October 25, 2016Special Operations Forces integrate into AWA 17.1 October 27, 2016Army researchers engage in quantum entanglement research October 17, 2016Soldier-led Army Warfighting Assessment Exercise kicks off CSA's Force 2025 Maneuvers initiative October 3, 2016Military labs developing world-class tech for conflicts of tomorrow September 29, 2016Leader learns about Army research initiatives October 19, 2016Army researchers seek innovation during small business visit September 28, 2016Navy conducts first live fire NIFC-CA test wtih F-35 at White Sands Missile Range September 26, 2016Army lab announces new alliance with UK Ministry of Defence October 24, 2016Army doctor's speech on sleep will keep you awake Home Contact Us Privacy Terms Of Use Accessibility/Section 508 FOIA Social Sharing
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Leadership > Growth Strategies > China Teams Up with Russia in Bid to Break Airbus-Boeing Duopoly China Teams Up with Russia in Bid to Break Airbus-Boeing Duopoly Nov 2, 2016 Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Comac is forming a joint venture with Russia’s United Aircraft Corp. to research and manufacture a twin-aisle jet that can fly roughly the distance between Beijing and New York. Copyright VCG, Getty Images Advertisement Even before China’s domestically made C919 single-aisle jet takes flight, the nation already has its sights set on producing a much larger aircraft within a decade. Executives of state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd. unveiled plans Wednesday to make a twin-aisle jet that can fly as far as 12,000 kilometers -- roughly the distance between Beijing and New York. The company, known as Comac, is forming a joint venture with Russia’s United Aircraft Corp. to research on and manufacture the aircraft. The announcement at a biennial airshow in southern Zhuhai city marks the first time China has given details of the widebody aircraft since the planned Russian partnership was flagged two years ago and comes amid delays to the maiden flight of the C919. The new plane would be able to seat 280 people, posing a direct challenge to jetliners from Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE such as their current B777, B787, A330 and A350 models. Comac is targeting the maiden flight of the new aircraft to take place about seven years from now, and the first delivery three years after that. An assembly line will be set up in Shanghai, with an eye to exporting the plane to other markets in the future, said Guo Bozhi, an assistant president at Comac who’s in charge of the widebody-jet project. Popular Now More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why How to Reduce Costs through Supply Chain Network Optimization “Developing an aircraft is an arduous journey and we have to overcome a lot of technical difficulties,” Guo said at a briefing. But the timeframe “is a definite target,” he said. He declined to provide financial figures on the joint venture and development of the twin-engine plane. Comac said Tuesday that China Eastern Airlines Corp. will be the first carrier to take delivery of the locally made C919, a day after Wu Guanghui, Comac’s chief designer, said the narrowbody jet’s test flight would take place later this year or in early 2017. The plane’s maiden flight has been pushed back at least twice since 2014. By Bloomberg News Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Advertisement Related Articles China's COMAC Chases Xi's Dream to Challenge Airbus, Boeing China's COMAC Collects 50 More Orders for Home-grown C919 Airplane U.S. Bill Ties Tanker Bid to WTO Airbus-Boeing Ruling From Pakistani Immigrant, to NFL Team Owner, to Takata Suitor Linking Cost Reduction and Growth Strategies Drives Financial Success Leadership Category Sponsored by Plex The Plex Manufacturing Cloud automates the plant floor and informs the top floor. See why Forrester named Plex Systems as the 2016 breakout SaaS ERP vendor. Learn why THE LATEST Can Social Media Improve Profitability of Your Manufacturing Operations? 8% Growth Predicted for Automated Material Handling Cummins Powers Ahead on Investors' Positive Thinking: Commentary Wages Rising at Fastest Pace in Nearly Eight Years A $900 Billion Oil Treasure Lies Beneath West Texas Desert Ford CEO Warns of Big Impact From Trump’s Proposed 35% Tariff More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Nov 8, 2016 Exclusive IndustryWeek Michelin's David Stafford: Every Conversation Begins with People Michelin North America's David Stafford discusses his cross-discipline career path from engineer to human resources leadership, and his "people first" approach....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump is Right on Trade, But He Doesn’t Know Why More 'Must Have' Metrics to Drive Continuous Improvement Why Mission and Vision Statements Seldom Drive Discussion -- and Why That Should Change Safety and Quality: 'Must Have' Metrics for Continuous Improvement Who is Killing American Manufacturing? IW Webinars The Benefits of 3D Printing for Your Business Shift your Labor Strategy to Attract and Engage Top Talent The Future of Making Things: Using Advanced Technologies to Increase Innovation The Cycle of Trust and Accountability Unlocking SMB Potential with Exporting View All Hot Topics IoT Emerge 2016 Manufacturing Day 2016 The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Modernizing Metals Management Four Use Cases Show Real-World Impact of IoT Connected Mine Best of Rockwell Automation TechED 2016 Building a Mobile Centre of Excellence: Where to Start and How to Succeed More   Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBS Moneywatch Markets Money Work Small Business Retirement Tech Trending Video Get Trending Videos CBSN Live » MoneyWatch Stocks slide on fears of November surprise, and ot... CBS This Morning Trump's secretary of state CBS This Morning Trump family security clearance CBS This Morning Obama tries to reassure Europe CBS This Morning Wildfires burn across South CBS This Morning Delta's bag tracking system CBS This Morning "Give Please a Chance" CBS This Morning "Pushy Moms" CBS This Morning ICFJ honors Charlie Rose Work How would deporting undocumented workers affect the U.S. economy? Work Grubhub CEO claims he didn't ask Trump supporters to quit Work Jobless claims drop from a 3-month high Work The new low-wage reality for older Americans Work Wage growth surges as economy notches solid job gains Work Jobless claims climb but far from the danger zone Work These workers are the most likely to be hurt on the job Work Here’s where Americans most want to work Work Holiday helpers and “theater”: Retailers go big this season Work New jobless claims retreat in the latest report Work Beer crossing: Self-driving truck delivers load of Budweiser Work How worrisome is the decline in labor mobility? By Aimee Picchi MoneyWatch November 2, 2016, 10:13 AM Here’s where Americans most want to work Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email More Americans are re-entering the workforce, while others are searching for the next rung on the career ladder. So where do they dream of landing for their next job? It turns out that many people are focusing their job hunt on a diverse group of companies that, despite their differences, tend to share certain traits, such as a strong brand and the sense of purpose employees derive from working there.  5 big mistakes job seekers make That’s according to a new study from career site Indeed.com, which surveyed which companies among the Fortune 500 had the highest “click-through” rates on their online job ads. While the list names some of the usual suspects -- such as Apple (AAPL), the most valuable company in the world, as well as the most valuable global brand -- it also includes several older companies with roots in the industrial era, such as railway Norfolk Southern. Job seekers are also searching for a variety of jobs, from entry-level positions that don’t require college degrees to more highly skilled roles such as software engineers. “They are very different companies, ranging from an insurance company to an internet company to travel companies,” said Paul Wolfe, head of HR for Indeed.com, “What’s important is that they have a compelling story that they are telling about their company, the culture of the company, how people are treated and what current employees think.” Play Video Home Hints on acing the job interview process Even though the economy is slowly improving, millions of Americans are still out of work. The interview process can be tough, for both job-seeker... Surprisingly, the most popular open positions at tech companies such as Apple and Amazon.com (AMZN) aren’t all tech-related posts. At Apple, the most popular job ads included receptionist, while one of Amazon’s most popular opening was for warehouse workers. “It shows the spectrum of jobs” that companies like Apple and Amazon are seeking to fill, Wolfe said, as well as the wide range of skills that Americans possess. Only one of three Americans holds a college degree, which is necessary for higher-paying, professional occupations such as engineering. Below are Indeed.com’s top 22 companies for job seekers (through October), along with their five most popular open positions. The list is in alphabetical order. 1. Amazon.com: Operations manager, general manager, supply chain manager, material specialist 2. American Airlines: Staff assistant, flight attendant, identity manager, human resources manager, human resources administrator 3. Apple: Marketer, receptionist, inventory specialist, GIS analyst, database administrator 4. Boeing: Entry-level manufacturing engineer, office worker, office administrator, entry-level analyst, graphic designer 5. Caterpillar: Clerk, shop assistant, associate engineer, packaging engineer, facilities engineer 6. Chevron: Operator, controls engineer, piping designer, materials engineer, handler 7. Dr Pepper Snapple Group: Forklift loader, marketer, warehouse worker, data entry clerk, administrative assistant 8. eBay: Customer service rep, call center rep, senior business analyst, Java developer, executive assistant 9. Facebook: Entertainment manager, artist, business analyst, environmental manger, technical support 10. General Mills: Utility worker, packaging technician, food technologist, forklift operator, production operator 11. Google: Software engineer, accountant, corporate development manager, laboratory technician, trading manager 12. iHeartMedia: Marketing assistant, marketing coordinator, programmer, paid intern, graphic designer 13. JetBlue: Administrative assistant, customer service analyst, finance intern, staffing coordinator, sales rep 14. Kraft Heinz Co.: Marketing coordinator, warehouse worker, packaging operator, store clerk, human resources specialist 15. Live Nation: Book manager, event staff, sound engineer, administrative assistant, manager 16. Nike: General counsel, environmental health and safety officer, team leader, design engineer, presentation manager 17. Norfolk Southern: Dispatcher, conductor, special agent, secretary, police officer 18. Progressive: Mail handler, bilingual call center rep, customer service rep, associate manager, file clerk 19. Qualcomm: Database developer, developer, business intelligence manager, entry level software engineer, sharepoint developer 20. Southwest Airlines: Associate, recruiter, records specialist, manager, support services clerk 21. The Dow Chemical Co.: Process operator, operator, operating room technician, chemical technician, process technician 22. United Airlines: Technical support, sales rep, manager, executive assistant, service administrator © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc.. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Moneywatch 20 of the coolest places to retire in the world Find out what activities and attractions make these 20 cities and town some of the best places to retire around the world 10 products you should never buy generic Generics are a great way to save money in lots of cases, but here is a look at some clear exceptions Popular Market Data Latest Features Three New York buildings to ditch Trump name What you don't get with United's new economy fares Wall Street vet atop Treasury could test Trump's populism Facebook, Google announce new policies to fight fake news Biggest Thanksgiving travel rush in 9 years, says AAA Market News Moneywatch Spotlight 11 of the best new cars for 2017 6 things NOT to buy on Cyber Monday 10 high-end kitchen upgrades to whip through the holidays 10 minimalist houses to help you scale back this fall How stores trick you into spending more for holidays Stock Watchlist New Fire TV App Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions News provided by The Associated Press. Company fundamental data provided by Zacks. CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Simon Dawson/Bloomberg Ryanair’s Frankfurt Raid Prompts Brusque Retort From Lufthansa Christopher Jasper Richard Weiss @rweiss5 November 2, 2016 — 9:15 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Discount carrier plans first flights from major European hub German rival pledges to respond with ‘appropriate’ action Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Ryanair Holdings Plc’s plans for its first-ever flights from Frankfurt sparked a bitter response from Deutsche Lufthansa AG, which vowed to fight back against the surprise incursion at Germany’s biggest hub. While Ryanair will begin Frankfurt services with just two jets and four routes, Europe’s top discount airline sees potential for a bigger operation there, David O’Brien, its chief commercial officer, said at the airport Wednesday. “We doubled our presence in Germany within three years,” O’Brien said at a media briefing. “There is no reason why that pace shouldn’t continue. There is great potential for cheap flights from Frankfurt.” Lufthansa hit back by pledging to “react as appropriate” to the intrusion. Chief Executive Officer Carsten Spohr said his company’s own low-cost Eurowings arm could be drafted in to defend the hub “if there is a need,” while warning airport operator Fraport AG that he expects to pay the same fees secured by the discount giant. Fraport said it’s entitled to the saving if it adds new routes. Ryanair’s plans for Frankfurt may have blindsided Lufthansa after Michael O’Leary, the Irish company’s CEO, ruled out operations from the airport only last year. “Our boss famously said ‘We won’t fly to Frankfurt,”’ O’Brien stated at the press conference. “He was wrong.” The looming clash pits Europe’s biggest no-frills carrier against one of the world’s strongest travel brands. Lufthansa’s reputation, though, has proved little defense against a squeeze from low-cost carriers at home and fast-expanding Persian Gulf operators on lucrative long-haul routes. Eurowings Growth Lufthansa has responded by setting up Eurowings as an in-house discounter, though the unit has so far been limited to taking over routes away from Frankfurt, where short-haul flights feed passengers onto longer trips. Services from Munich, the group’s second German hub, will start next year. Ryanair will start flying from Frankfurt in March using two Boeing Co. 737-800 jets, according to a joint statement from the Dublin-based airline and Fraport. Initial flights will serve Alicante, Malaga and Palma de Mallorca in Spain and Faro in Portugal on a daily basis, attracting an estimated 400,000 passengers a year. The schedule could be “much bigger” next winter, O’Brien said. O’Leary has been reviewing Ryanair’s strategy in the wake of Britain’s June 23 vote to quit the European Union, downgrading expansion plans for its biggest market and looking to countries on the mainland for growth. Germany had already gained flights, with the airline opening a base this week in Hamburg, where it has located two planes and added seven routes to take its total to 14. Route cuts at unprofitable Air Berlin Plc, Germany’s second-biggest carrier, have encouraged Ryanair to expand, while O’Leary has made it a priority to target major airports as the company seeks to appeal more to business people, who tend to book later and pay more. Frankfurt ranks with London Heathrow and Paris Charles de Gaulle as one of Western Europe’s three big hubs. Ryanair’s previous foothold in the Frankfurt area has been at low-fee Hahn airport, a converted U.S. military airfield about 100 kilometers (60 miles) from the city. While derided for the distance involved, the airline won the right to advertise its flights as serving Frankfurt-Hahn after a series of court cases. Fraport failed to raise fees this year for carriers using Frankfurt airport after regulators objected in late 2015. It has refiled the application, which includes incentives for airlines starting new routes. Lufthansa has meanwhile curbed capacity growth at Frankfurt, pledging not to add pilots before the Vereinigung Cockpit union agrees productivity improvements. New routes attract a discount of as much as 50 percent in the first year, Fraport CEO Stefan Schulte said at the media briefing. That would amount to 300 million euros ($332 million) next year if applied to Lufthansa’s planned schedule, according to Spohr. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read this next Ryanair Plans First Frankfurt Flights in Challenge to Lufthansa Lufthansa’s Long-Haul Route Cuts Boost Earnings at Frankfurt Hub Lufthansa’s Eurowings Union Calls Off Strikes in Cabin-Crew Feud Frankfurt Ryanair Holdings PLC Deutsche Lufthansa AG Germany Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / FPX Appoints Leading Ecommerce and Digital Transformation Executive, Mark Bartlett, Chief Experience Officer FPX Appoints Leading Ecommerce and Digital Transformation Executive, Mark Bartlett, Chief Experience Officer Posted on November 2, 2016 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer Configure Price Quote (CPQ) leader strengthens position to deliver a customer-centric omni-channel experience platform DALLAS, Texas (PRWEB) November 02, 2016 FPX, a leader in enterprise Configure-Price-Quote® (CPQ) applications, announces today the appointment of Mark Bartlett as Chief Experience Officer (CXO). With more than 20 years of experience in ecommerce and digital transformation, Bartlett will help FPX modernize the way businesses buy and sell across all channels by delivering the coveted B2C experience to B2B industry sectors. “Mark has built his career on a deep understanding of the customer experience,” said Dave Batt, Chief Executive Officer of FPX. “We feel that customer experience is a key to solving the challenges businesses face in order to deliver solutions that significantly transform a company’s buying and selling processes, ultimately increasing efficiency and maximizing their bottom line. Mark brings the perfect blend of industry knowledge and commerce category experience that furthers FPX’s leadership position as an enterprise application provider focused on experience management solutions.” Bartlett has more than two decades of leadership guiding customer experience and commerce practices for agencies such as IconNicholson (Digitas LBi), Sapient and Razorfish. In that time, he led commerce strategies and initiatives that drove successful customer-centric digital transformation for a diverse portfolio of B2C and B2B organizations, including United Airlines, Walmart, Home Depot, Estée Lauder, LVMH, Bank of America, Boeing, GlaxoSmithKline, McKesson and Dow. Over the course of his career, Bartlett developed a customer-focused conceptual framework that has come to be known as “experience-driven commerce,” which unifies content, commerce and communications into a seamless customer experience. He believes that a customer-in perspective is the key to unlocking tremendous potential for transformation and advocates that organizations must shift their thinking to become “experience-driven enterprises.” “I am thrilled to be a part of a company that sits at the critical nexus of enterprise buying and selling,” said Bartlett. “Harmonizing a ‘customer-in’ approach with world-class technology is FPX’s core strategy, and I am excited to bring my depth of experience to help deliver increased growth, empowerment and efficiency for FPX’s customers and their end users.” For more information about FPX, visit FPX.com. About FPX FPX is an independent SaaS vendor that provides a platform of cloud-based enterprise applications that optimize and automate quote-to-order selling processes, enabling companies to significantly enhance the speed, efficiency, and precision of sales across all channels. FPX empowers customers to transform manual sales processes into guided selling and personalized guided buying experiences. The FPX enterprise-caliber Configure-Price-Quote (CPQ) application enables customers to extend the capabilities of their existing enterprise systems and commerce platforms by optimizing and automating all quote-to-order business processes, including: configuration, pricing, quoting, contract management, workflow, e-signature, and data management. More information is available at http://www.fpx.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2016/11/prweb13817026.htm Latest News Clearview Resolution Services Sends Employees on Thanksgiving Retreat DIC Announces Major Expansion of Production Capacity for Linablue® – The #1 Natural Blue Food Coloring on Earth In Thanksgiving Spirit, Clearview Resolution Services Donates Office Equipment Yauatcha Waikiki To Host Job Fair November 19-21 Clearview Resolution Services Hosts Potluck Dinner Nov. 21 Pennsylvania Businesses Led by Smith Land & Improvement Corporation, Governor Tom Wolf, and Lawmakers Declared November Small Business Month in Pennsylvania The American Addiction Treatment Association (AATA) is Proud to Partner with First Vendor: Infinity Behavioral Health Services WCPE FM Hosts New World Weekend Wayne Homes Announces Model Grand Re-Opening at Sandusky Model Center Rightpoint Honored for Third Consecutive Year as One of Chicago Tribune’s Top Workplaces © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
null
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe China Teams Up With Russia in Bid to Break Airbus-Boeing Duopoly Bloomberg News November 2, 2016 — 5:50 AM EDT Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp The tail fin of a model of a Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (Comac) C919. Photographer: Qilai Shen/Bloomberg Widebody jet to be developed with Russia’s United Aircraft New aircraft would be able to fly 12,000 kilometers, seat 280 Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Even before China’s domestically made C919 single-aisle jet takes flight, the nation already has its sights set on producing a much larger aircraft within a decade. Executives of state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China Ltd. unveiled plans Wednesday to make a twin-aisle jet that can fly as far as 12,000 kilometers -- roughly the distance between Beijing and New York. The company, known as Comac, is forming a joint venture with Russia’s United Aircraft Corp. to research on and manufacture the aircraft. The announcement at a biennial airshow in southern Zhuhai city marks the first time China has given details of the widebody aircraft since the planned Russian partnership was flagged two years ago and comes amid delays to the maiden flight of the C919. The new plane would be able to seat 280 people, posing a direct challenge to jetliners from Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE such as their current B777, B787, A330 and A350 models. Comac is targeting the maiden flight of the new aircraft to take place about seven years from now, and the first delivery three years after that. An assembly line will be set up in Shanghai, with an eye to exporting the plane to other markets in the future, said Guo Bozhi, an assistant president at Comac who’s in charge of the widebody-jet project. “Developing an aircraft is an arduous journey and we have to overcome a lot of technical difficulties,” Guo said at a briefing. But the timeframe “is a definite target,” he said. He declined to provide financial figures on the joint venture and development of the twin-engine plane. Comac said Tuesday that China Eastern Airlines Corp. will be the first carrier to take delivery of the locally made C919, a day after Wu Guanghui, Comac’s chief designer, said the narrowbody jet’s test flight would take place later this year or in early 2017. The plane’s maiden flight has been pushed back at least twice since 2014. — With assistance by Dong Lyu Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE China Russia Airbus Group SE Markets Boeing Co/The Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
null
Mobile Site | About Advertise with us A-Z E-Paper Buy Photos Site map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Blackberry App Contact Us | Newsletter | E-Paper HOME | NEWS | BUSINESS | SPORT | LIFESTYLE | ALL WOMAN | REGIONAL | ENTERTAINMENT | HEALTH | PHOTOS | CLASSIFIEDS PLACE AN AD Miscellaneous Real Estate Motor Vehicles Jobs Personal Finance | Business Leader Awards Security to be improved at Cumberland High School — Education Ministry 6:47 PM Labour minister hails Canadian farmwork programme 6:28 PM UPDATE: Security guard killed in St Elizabeth identified 6:00 PM Forex: J$129.01 to one US dollar 5:44 PM US Embassy to hand over maintenance shed to JCF 5:34 PM Stolen cables disable Mandela Highway stoplight 5:07 PM PNP calls for probe in garbage collection contracts 4:52 PM Cuban gov’t pardons over 700 prisoners 4:38 PM Manchester independent candidate withdraws from Local Gov’t Elections 4:20 PM ‘JLP a dismal failure’— PNP 4:01 PM Never mind closing Guantanamo, Trump might make it bigger 3:51 PM Blind Calabar High past student helping the disabled 3:32 PM Payday winner dreams of a new home 3:09 PM Chapelton midwife removed from frontline duty, not suspended — SRHA 2:50 PM ‘Too early to speculate’ about new US administration, says St Lucian Gov’t 2:32 PM 20,000 evacuated amid relentless rain in Dom Rep 2:05 PM Move to LNG a giant leap, says supplier 1:51 PM Pitbull owner charged with violating dangerous dog law 1:17 PM Anti-Obama protesters clash with Greek police in Athens 12:53 PM UPDATE: Man held for killing Coronation Market vendor 12:43 PM Bunting wants Gov’t to ‘urgently change crime strategy’ 11:59 AM Gov’t announces new high commissioner to UK 11:49 AM NSWMA denies using garbage collection to influence Local Government Election 11:18 AM UK to hold Brexit talks with Overseas Territories in 2017 10:48 AM Russian economy minister charged over 'US$2-m bribe' 10:16 AM Business Low-cost carriers spreading wings over the Atlantic Wednesday, November 02, 2016     Tweet NEW YORK, United States (AFP) — Low-cost carriers are spreading their wings across the Atlantic, much to the chagrin of the major airlines now forced to serve new destinations and cut fares. Transatlantic flights operated by Norwegian Air, Iceland’s Wow air, Canada’s WestJet and Morocco’s Royal Air Maroc have multiplied in recent years as jet fuel has grown cheaper. Frequently offering fares less than half that of major airlines, low-cost carriers have quickly attracted travellers. Traditional players have seen their collective market share decline, dropping from 75 per cent in the summer of 2014 to 72 per cent this summer, according to the air travel data company OAG. While low-cost carriers remain small players, larger airlines “are looking over their shoulders”, said George Hobica of airfarewatchdog.com. “They could be a growing threat as they add more seats,” he told AFP. “Currently, if you look at the percentage of seats they have compared to major airlines, it’s very small.” HALF PRICE FLIGHTS Booked in advance, a round-trip flight between London and New York currently runs an average of US$398 on the low-cost carriers, according to Hobica, compared to more than US$600 with the major airlines. WestJet even has flights linking Canada and London at US$149 (CAN$199). Even with other costs added in, such as charges for meals, luggage and headphones, passengers can get a good deal, according to Hobica. Aware of the threat, the larger companies have not wasted time, offering cheaper seats, more direct flights and new connections. British Airways recently began serving a route between London and San Jose, California. Delta Air Lines, United and American, the three largest US companies, recently said they saw a drop in transatlantic traffic due to Britain’s vote to quit the Eurozone, terrorist attacks in Europe and overcapacity. Revenues could fall as a result. Transatlantic flights have long been the preserve of major airlines, protected by the Open Skies agreements between the United States and Europe. The agreements allowed these companies to form three partnerships — SkyTeam, Atlantic, and OneWorld — and charge whatever rates they wanted. The first attempts at low-cost travel in this area were failures. Laker Airways, a 1970s forerunner, lasted less than 10 years after starting flights across the Atlantic. The game changed with the emergence of a new, more fuel-efficient generation of aircraft, such as Boeing’s 787 Dreamliner and 737 MAX, and Airbus’s Neo and A350. “It is not sustainable to operate a low-cost model using old aircraft,” Anders Lindstrom, communications director for Norwegian Air, said by e-mail. The company, which posted third-quarter earnings of US$122 million, made its first transatlantic flight in 2013. CHEAPER FUEL, CHEAPER TICKETS The collapse of oil prices two years ago persuaded other companies to get in the game, given that fuel is air carriers’ greatest expense. WestJet spokesman Robert Palmer said by e-mail, “Clearly there is a strong demand for low-cost, long-haul service in this country.” Having battled for supremacy with major airlines in the United States, JetBlue and Southwest Airlines are no longer hiding their ambitions. The market for transatlantic flights suffers from the same lack of competition that transcontinental flights once did, JetBlue spokeswoman Tamara Young said. The company has purchased Airbus A321 aircraft that could link the US East Coast and Europe. “We will consider opportunities in Europe against other opportunities we are looking at,” she said. While their attractive prices have opened doors, low-cost carriers still have to establish their good names, said Hobica. “Are they safe? Are they reliable?” he said. “All they have is low fares. They don’t have a reputation.” ADVERTISEMENT POST A COMMENT HOUSE RULES   1. We welcome reader comments on the top stories of the day. Some comments may be republished on the website or in the newspaper – email addresses will not be published. 2. Please understand that comments are moderated and it is not always possible to publish all that have been submitted. We will, however, try to publish comments that are representative of all received. 3. We ask that comments are civil and free of libellous or hateful material. Also please stick to the topic under discussion. 4. Please do not write in block capitals since this makes your comment hard to read. 5. Please don't use the comments to advertise. However, our advertising department can be more than accommodating if emailed: advertising@jamaicaobserver.com. 6. If readers wish to report offensive comments, suggest a correction or share a story then please email: community@jamaicaobserver.com. 7. Lastly, read our Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus OTHER STORIES IMF approves new Stand-By Agreement for Jamaica Industry welcomes new bauxite company NCB ends financial year on high What does the new precautionary stand-by arrangement mean for the Jamaican people? Jamaica exceeds all macroeconomic targets Government and opposition see derisking as threat to economy Clinton ‘Trumped’— what to expect for markets For US comedians, Trumpland is no laughing matter New book drives introspection in the Jamaican film industry Holding breath on early pension Jamaica National Group — Tackling the root causes Chinese spend billions on Singles’ Day Are you hearing, feeling or seeing money? Ardent statehood supporter wins Puerto Rico’s governorship ECG outlines plan to encourage diaspora investment Slow growth expected for Caribbean tourism — IMF Trump win prompts fear, uncertainty in Cuba Where will Brexit leave LAC? Agent banking will not create competition for banks Government’s changing responsibility ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Poll Can current government strategies reduce crime? Yes No What strategies? View Results » ADVERTISEMENT Today's Cartoon View Previous Cartoons » ADVERTISEMENT HOME NEWS BUSINESS SPORT LIFESTYLE ALL WOMAN REGIONAL NEWS ENTERTAINMENT ENVIRONMENT AUTO Editorial Teenage Columns Career Food Letters E-Paper Weather A-Z RSS Feeds Contact Us Feedback Privacy Policy Site Map Terms and Conditions Editorial Code of Conduct Mobile Observer Advertising Copyright © 2013 Jamaica Observer. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Scroll
ROS LBoard 1 UN body tells Putrajaya to let Bersih be FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Aussies convene three-day Canberra meet on MH370 FMT Reporters | November 2, 2016 The governments of Australia, Malaysia and China this year agreed to pull the plug on the operation once the search area was fully scoured unless "credible new information" emerged. KUALA LUMPUR: The Australian Transport Safety Bureau (ATSB) has convened a three-day First Principles Review in Canberra, from today to Friday, on missing Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370. The review brings together members of the Australian and international Search Strategy Working Group and other experts and advisors. The meet will review the results of the search undertaken to date, the available data, associated analysis, assumptions and modelling on the search area. The ATSB has also released its search and debris report on MH370 which comprise further analysis of satellite data, additional end of flight simulations, a summary of the analysis of the right outboard wing flap, and preliminary results from the enhanced debris drift. Malaysia Airlines Boeing 777 disappeared en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing on March 8, 2014 carrying 239 passengers and crew. Despite the massive underwater hunt far off Western Australia’s coast, no trace of the jet has been found. Investigators confirmed that three pieces of debris recovered along the western Indian Ocean shorelines came from MH370. There are currently more than 20 items of debris still being investigated which were found on the coasts of Africa, Madagascar, Mauritius, Reunion and Rodrigues. More than 110,000 square kilometres (42,470 square miles) of a 120,000-square-kilometre search arc have been scoured so far and the operation is due to wrap up in early 2017. The findings of the ATSB’s new report, which analysed satellite data, end-of-flight simulations, recovered sections of the plane and debris drift modelling, confirm extensive testing by US manufacturer Boeing and the Australian defence department. The governments of Australia, Malaysia and China, where most of the passengers were from, this year agreed to pull the plug on the operation once the search area was fully scoured unless “credible new information” emerged. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Alibaba-backed Lazada to buy Singapore online grocer RedMart Join us, Muhyiddin tells Husni Explore topics Top News ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News RM55 for a stray dog: Johor prince takes council to task PKR MP questions Jamal’s ‘extraordinary’… Zuraida tanya, siapa benarkan Jamal naik helikopter Lawyers to monitor Bersih 5 rally Liow: No plans to wipe out 1.6m outstanding AES summonses No more ringgit, say some S’pore moneychangers Suicide victim Shukri was a good man, says neighbour Pemimpin Pemuda PKR cabar Jamal lapor banglo mewahnya PKR’s Adam Rosly dares Jamal to lodge report on his… UN body tells Putrajaya to let Bersih be ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Halal atau haram? Bersih 5 menurut Islam Selling ideas in yellow and red shirts When will our elections be shariah compliant? Ahli politik di depan orang dan belakang tabir When electoral systems fail to reflect voter preference Kesan pelantikan Trump terhadap Malaysia More... FMT Bahasa Halal atau haram? Bersih 5 menurut Islam Jamal bohong dakwa 3 pemuda ubah haluan, kata Bersih Tiada caj baharu jika terpaksa duduk di wad kelas 2, kata menteri Saman AES RM150, kata menteri Putera Johor tegur PBT tawar RM55 tangkap anjing liar Hujan lebat, Presint 11 Putrajaya banjir More... Misc Ads – Movie Content FMT Borneo Plus Maximus: PBS eyeing six new state seats Labuan-Sabah bridge will interest China, Japan, says economist Dayak grads want parity for Native Court in Sarawak PAS agrees with call to elevate S’wak Native Court Business leader draws line between MA63, ‘secession’ talk PBS annual congress proceeds without Najib More... Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Ringside Politics With A Punch Home About Forums Newsletter Showtimes Politics with a Punch! Radio TV Shows Ringside Video On Demand Podcast eTickets Jeff Crouere Radio Listen Live Links Weekly Poll   Free Web poll for your Web site - freepolls.com   Sign up for our Email Newsletter MUSK ALWAYS FOLLOWS THE SCENT OF GOVERNMENT FUNDING Written by Jeff Crouere    Wednesday, 02 November 2016 Billionaire Elon Musk is a brilliant entrepreneur, futurist and visionary. From humble origins in South Africa, Musk has become one of the richest men in the world.   He earned his money through successful high tech ventures such as the first online version of the Yellow Pages, X.com, and another company which he founded and merged to create the incredibly lucrative and transformative online payment site, PayPal.   He eventually became involved in a variety of businesses that are fantastic conceptually, but have problems translating into financial solvency. Musk owns Tesla Motors, which is trying to make the electric car profitable, SpaceX, which is working on a plan to transport humans to Mars and SolarCity Corporation, which is attempting the impossible, turning a profit on solar energy.   What has saved Elon Musk from total collapse has been a very healthy dose of federal government subsidies and contracts. In each of his businesses, Musk is facing product questions and fierce competition.   While Tesla require most customers to travel great distances to purchase and service their vehicles, the Chevy Bolt will soon be available nationwide and will be easily serviced at accessible dealerships.   Musks ambitious goals for SpaceX might need to be adjusted after the recent failure of the Falcon 9 rocket. This explosion cost at least $62 million and destroyed a payload including a $195 million Facebook satellite.   It was the second explosion of a SpaceX rocket in the last fifteen months, even after launch delays that have averaged two years or longer. In the process, the explosions also destroyed $118 million in taxpayer cargo.   For the first failure, Musk blamed a vendor for an inferior product and in the last catastrophe, there has been wild speculation about potential sabotage from a rival company including images of an unidentified flying object coming from a neighboring building. An investigation has turned up no smoking gun. While some conspiracy theorists believe that SpaceX was the victim, the American taxpayers are the true victims.    With such a track record, it would seem investors might be worried about the future of SpaceX, but the good news for Musk is that he has healthy government subsidies and contracts to carry him through the tough times. For SpaceX, Musk has reportedly received federal government contracts valued at $5.5 billion, and government subsidies worth $4.9 billion, which also benefit his other two enterprises, SolarCity and Tesla.   Overall, Musks companies have accumulated over $10 billion in federal government subsidies and contracts with a very minimal track record of success. Surely, Musk is a dreamer who inspires others to support his fabulous journey, but in a federal government with a debt approaching $20 trillion, the taxpayers are being taken for a ride on a rocket that keeps crashing.     In the private sector, these companies might very well be bankrupt after so many failures, but in the fiscally irresponsible realm of the federal government, the bailouts continue undisturbed. It is time Congress starting exercising their responsibilities for fiscal oversight.   It is time that questions were asked about accountability. Is this the best use of $10 billion? Why should our government play favorites and fund Musks enterprises at the expense of his competitors?   SpaceXs competitor is United Launch Alliance, a collaboration of Boeing and Lockheed Martin. It performed 106 space launches successfully, but at a higher price tag than SpaceX promised. Thus, SpaceX just won its first Air Force contract worth $82.7 million, to launch a satellite in 2018.   Musk is an incredible salesman and has wowed the federal government with his promises and his ability to market his companies. According to Forbes, he is worth $14.3 billion; however, it is time to analyze whether taxpayers are getting their moneys worth with these investments.   Incredibly, all three of his heavily subsidized companies have experienced massive delays and none of them are making a profit. Tesla Motors produces cars that can cost up to $115,000. While consumers can utilize some tax breaks and credits to ease the pain of a new electric vehicle, the price tag is still out of reach for most Americans. This is a product with a very limited potential audience, so it is worthwhile to question why the government is investing so heavily in Tesla, including $1.3 billion in government assistance from the U.S. Department of Energy other sources.   To propel the use of solar energy, SolarCity has been the recipient of over $300 million in local, state and federal grants and subsides. With the price of oil and natural gas so low we should not expect this investment to make a profit anytime soon, especially with tax credits for consumers ending in 2017.   If Musk can achieve his dreams of widespread space travel, solar energy use and electric vehicles, he should be applauded. However, this should be accomplished with private sector funding. In this arena, mistakes are costly, but triumphs are handsomely rewarded.   In the world of federal subsidies, a company can fail for years and still receive generous taxpayer funding. It is a symptom of what is wrong in our Nations Capital and it needs to be fixed before we accumulate another $20 trillion in debt.   No Comments. Discuss this item on the forums. (0 posts) [ Back ]   ABC 26 Headline News Giuliani Could Be Next Secretary of State Trump Receives 1st Presidential Daily Brief Report Warns of Asia Arms Race if Trump Withdraws US Forces West Virginia Mayor Resigns After Controversial Post About Michelle Obama NOLA.com St. Tammany DA to appeal ruling on parish legal representation Mike Yenni briefly visits Jefferson's State of the Parish event New Orleans City Council hints toward more public defender funding, at DA's expense 55-pound teen hospitalized after parents kept him in basement for 2 years Hosted by Inline Hosting - Produced at Gossamer Studios Joomla Templates by JoomlaShack Joomla Templates
Wednesday, 16 November 2016 اردو Türkçe العربیة فارسی Toggle navigation TASNIM NEWS .com Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Interview Iran to Receive 9 Brand-New Planes in Months News ID: 1228966 Service: Economy November, 02, 2016 - 10:34 TEHRAN (Tasnim) – An Iranian deputy minister said the country is going to receive nine of the new passenger planes it has purchased from Airbus within the coming months, before the new Iranian year. According to Deputy Roads and Urban Development Minister Asghar Fakhrieh, 9 planes are expected to join the fleet of civil flights before the new Iranian year, which will start in March 2017. The new aircraft will be employed for travels in the high season during the Nowruz holidays, he added. During Iranian President Hassan Rouhani’s trip to France in January, Iran and Airbus clinched a deal on a major order, which includes dozens of Airbus’s biggest-selling jets. Iran has agreed to buy 118 Airbus jets, including 45 A320 single-aisle aircraft, 45 A330 wide-bodies, 16 A350 twin-aisle aircraft, and 12 A380’s. Later, Iran’s national airline, Iran Air, finalized a contract with ATR aircraft manufacturer to purchase 20 turboprops. Iran also sealed a deal in June worth around $25 billion with the US aerospace heavyweight, Boeing, for the purchase of 100 passenger planes. In September, the US decided to remove a final hurdle for Western aircraft manufacturers to sell planes to Iran under contracts signed after coming into force of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), a nuclear agreement between Tehran and the group of six countries. R42340/P42329 Share this story: http://tn.ai/1228966 Related news September, 27, 2016 - 14:35 Iran Not to Accept Conditional Delivery of Newly Purchased Planes All Stories Carlos Queiroz Proud of Iranian Players Syria Rewarded with Good Result against Iran: Ayman Hakeem Iran, Syria Share Point at World Cup Qualifier Iran Internally Stable, Safe for Foreign Investment: Finnish Minister Schools Close in Smog-Enshrouded Iranian Capital for 3rd Day No Taliban Members in Iran: FM Spokesman ‘Russian Knights’ to Attend Iran Air Show 2016 Iran’s President Urges Joint Efforts to Ensure Asia’s Security Russia's Admiral Kuznetsov Aircraft Carrier Begins Combat Operations in Syria Autumn Season in Iran's Hamedan Province Davoudi, Roshani Win Gold, Silver at Asian Youth Weightlifting Championship Iran, Turkey Determined to Boost Ties: Envoy Attack on Shiite Gathering in Nigeria: Death Toll Hits 100 Students Lead New Wave of Anti-Trump Protests Iran Laments Muslim Deaths in Nigeria Everton Joins Race for Iran’s Sardar Azmoun Iran Totally Opposed to Disintegration of Iraq: Velayati Expanded US Sanctions Reflect Discredited Anti-Russia Policy × نمودار تغییر قیمت طلا و ارز تغییر قیمت لحظه نوع (0.03%) 1 3,483 price_dollar (-0.08%) -3 3,938 price_eur -- 4,717 price_gbp -- 955 price_aed (0.09%) 10,000 10,950,000 sekeb (0.03%) 3,000 11,119,000 sekee (-0.18%) -10,000 5,590,000 nim (-0.68%) -20,000 2,930,000 rob (0.54%) 10,000 1,850,000 gerami (-0.01%) -110 1,108,310 geram18 (-0.01%) -160 1,477,380 geram24 (-0.01%) -500 4,802,500 mesghal (-0.02%) -30 1,228.00 ons (-0.11%) -100 946.00 platinum (0.06%) 1 17.19 silver (0.14%) 100 712.00 palladium (0.04%) 2 45.74 oil (0.04%) 2 46.98 oil_brent (-2.65%) -113 41.54 oil_opec (0%) -3 79,236 bourse -- 1,236 price_try -- 541 price_cny (-20.83%) -5 19 price_jpy (0.07%) 2 2,745 price_cad (0.08%) 2 2,637 price_aud (0.78%) 20 2,570 price_nzd -- 3,627 price_chf (1.92%) 1 52 price_afn (0.24%) 1 415 price_sek (0.19%) 1 523 price_dkk -- 421 price_nok (-0.09%) -10 11,550 price_kwd (-0.53%) -5 940 price_sar (0.52%) 5 965 price_qar (-0.33%) -30 9,100 price_omr -- 3 price_iqd (-20%) -2 8 price_syp (-5%) -3 57 price_inr (2.94%) 1 34 price_pkr (0.38%) 10 2,660 price_sgd (1.06%) 5 470 price_hkd (0.34%) 3 880 price_myr -- 103 price_thb -- 58 price_rub (-0.44%) -10 2,280 price_azn (-0.54%) -50 9,250 price_bhd بیشتر بروزرسانی: چهارشنبه ۲۶ آبان - ۰۳:۳۸ × ثبت نام در خبرنامه خبرگزاری تسنیم برای دریافت خبرنامه آدرس ایمیل شما ضروری می باشد هر زمان که نیاز به ویرایش این اطلاعات داشتید، با وارد کردن ایمیلتان تغییرات را ذخیره کنید در صورتی که تمایل به ادامه اشتراک نداشتید، در ایمیلی که از سوی ما دریافت می کنید، عدم اشتراک را انتخاب کنید پس از ثبت نام، جهت تایید ایمیل/تلفن همراه ، برای شما پیامی ارسال می شود، لطفاً پیام را تایید کنید Name: Email: Mobile: نوع اخبار: اخبار برگزیده خبر فوری پیشنهاد سردبیر پوشش اخبار: کل سایت سرویس/حوزه ای خاص سرویس ها : Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Interview بازه زمانی دریافت خبر: هر 12 ساعتهر 24 ساعتهر 48 ساعتهفته ای یکبار Submit About Contact Us Archive Site map   Home All Stories Politics Economy World Defense Nuclear Society/Culture Science Sports Tourism Other Media Photos Interview TASNIM NEWS .com   All Content by Tasnim News Agency is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License.
NASA Astronaut Kate Rubins, Crewmates Safely Return From the Space Station by Staff Writers Houston TX (SPX) Nov 02, 2016 NASA astronaut Kate Rubins after Soyuz landing. Image courtesy NASA TV. NASA astronaut and Expedition 49 crew member Kate Rubins, who became the first person to sequence DNA in space, returned to Earth Saturday after a successful mission aboard the International Space Station. Rubins and her crewmates Anatoly Ivanishin of the Russian space agency Roscosmos and Takuya Onishi of the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, touched down in their Soyuz MS-01 at 11:58 p.m. EDT (9:58 a.m. Oct. 30, Kazakhstan time) southeast of the remote town of Dzhezkazgan in Kazakhstan. Rubins, who has a degree in molecular biology, contributed to several new studies taking place for the first time aboard the space station, including the Biomolecule Sequencer experiment. The ability to sequence the DNA of living organisms in space could enable astronauts to diagnose an illness, or identify microbes growing in the space station and determine whether they represent a health threat. During her time on the orbiting complex, Rubins ventured outside the confines of the station for two spacewalks. During the first one on Aug. 19, she and NASA astronaut Jeff Williams installed the first international docking adapter. Outfitted with a host of sensors and systems, the adapter's main purpose is to provide a port for spacecraft bringing astronauts to the station in the future. Its first users are expected to be the Boeing Starliner and SpaceX Crew Dragon spacecraft now in development in partnership with NASA's Commercial Crew Program. During her second spacewalk Sept. 1, Rubins and Williams retracted a spare thermal control radiator and installed two new high-definition cameras. Together, the Expedition 49 crew members contributed to hundreds of experiments in biology, biotechnology, physical science and Earth science aboard the world-class orbiting laboratory during their 115 days in space. The trio also welcomed three cargo spacecraft delivering several tons of supplies and research experiments. Rubins was involved in the grapple of Orbital ATK's Cygnus spacecraft to the station in October, the company's sixth contracted commercial resupply mission, and SpaceX's Dragon ninth contracted mission in July. One Russian ISS Progress cargo spacecraft also docked to the station in July. Rubins and Onishi have each spent a total of 115 days in space during their first mission. Ivanishin now has 280 days in space from two flights. Expedition 50, with Shane Kimbrough of NASA in command and his crewmates Sergey Ryzhikov and Andrey Borisenko of Roscosmos, will operate the station for three weeks until the arrival of three new crew members. Peggy Whitson of NASA, Thomas Pesquet of ESA (European Space Agency) and Oleg Novitskiy of Roscosmos are scheduled to launch Nov. 17 from Baikonur, Kazakhstan. More about DNA sequencing in space. Tweet Related Links Space Station Space Tourism, Space Transport and Space Exploration News Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY Buy Advertising Editorial Enquiries Station crew get special delivery from Virginia Chincoteague Island, VA (SPX) Oct 31, 2016 This week, astronauts are unloading more than 5,000 pounds of cargo and crew supplies from the Cygnus spacecraft to support dozens of science and research investigations. However, this shipment has special significance. This shipment arrived via an Antares rocket from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport's pad 0A at NASA's Wallops Flight Facility. Rocket launches to the International Space ... read more The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2012 - Space Media Network. AFP, UPI and IANS newswire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA Portal Reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement,agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
