ï»¿ White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  Military ::  Library ::  News ::  2017 ::  March ::  SITREP Military Menu                        Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Industry Operations Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links WMD Intelligence Homeland Security Space Public Eye Military Further Reading Boeing, Travis partner for KC-46A testing In-Depth Coverage By Capt. Lyndsey Horn, 60th Air Mobility Wing Public Affair / Published March 20, 2017 TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, Calif. (AFNS) -- A Boeing KC-46A Pegasus team conducted testing at Travis Air Force Base from March 7-10, 2017. This testing was a combined effort between Boeing Test and Evaluation, and the Detachment 1, 418th Flight Test Squadron, which are co-located at the Boeing Facility in Seattle. "The KC-46A is at Travis AFB to conduct military and Federal Aviation Administration certification testing," said Capt. Dylan Neidorff, a 418th FLTS KC-46 test operations engineer. The team of 48 Boeing and four Air Force personnel accomplished both ground and flight testing during the four-day trip. "We decided to come to Travis since the base is right in the temperature band required for the testing," Neidorff said. Historical temperatures in Northern California average between 50-70 degrees. Aside from the ideal temperatures, other factors made Travis AFB the best choice. "Because of this type of testing, we needed to offload all of our fuel. Travis has underground tanks, which makes it infinitely easier," said Paul Briedé, the test director for Boeing Test and Evaluation. "At another base we would've needed at least four other fuel trucks." "We also saw Travis AFB as a target of opportunity since they are to be one of the next KC-46 bases for (Air Mobility Command)," Neidorff said. In January, Air Force officials announced Travis AFB, as well as Joint Base McGuire-Dix-Lakehurst, New Jersey, as preferred locations for the next active-duty-led bases for the service's most modern aerial-refueling aircraft. Since a KC-46 had never landed at Travis AFB, the 60th Operations Support Squadron first needed to figure out how it could support. "We did the proper research," said Maj. Matthew Bartomeo, a 60th OSS assistant director of operations. "Travis can absorb requests like this because we are built to do it." The airfield on base runs 24/7 operations, 365 days a year. It has one of the busiest aerial port squadrons in the Air Force and regularly supports transient aircraft. Bartomeo and Maj. Brad Echols, also an ADO with the 60th OSS, worked with Det. 1, 418th FLTS to ensure the KC-46 would have fuel availability, a parking space and required maintenance supplies. "The 60th OSS has been our one-stop shop for contacts around the base as well as the center of the planning effort to bring the tanker to Travis," Niedorff said. Airfield management and air traffic control professionals along with members of the 60th Maintenance Group supported with supplies the tanker team needed while on base. The 60th Logistics Readiness Squadron also helped to ensure the KC-46 had the current fuels, Niedorff added. "We embodied that 'there are no bounds' here at Travis," Bartomeo said, referencing the 60th Air Mobility Wing's motto. "We found a way to make it happen." When the KC-46 team wasn't conducting testing, it provided tours to more than 40 Airmen from the 60th AMW. "This was an opportunity to work with Boeing and create a relationship," Echols said. "It's pretty exciting our Airmen got to see the new aircraft." According to Air Force officials, the first KC-46As are expected to begin arriving at McConnell AFB, Kansas, and Altus AFB, Oklahoma, in fall 2017. NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos Business Once the queen of the skies, the 747 will soon be just a flying truck UPDATED: MONDAY, MARCH 20, 2017, 6:43 P.M. A pair of United Airlines’ Boeing 747's parked at the international terminal at San Francisco International Airport in June 2005. (ERIC RISBERG / Associated Press) By Samantha Masunag Los Angeles Times Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS A brief history of the original jumbo jet 1966: Pan American places the first order for Boeing’s 747. The airline orders 25 planes. 1966: Northrop Corp. announces it was selected to build the fuselage of the 747 in Southern California. 1970: The Boeing 747 enters commercial service, taking passengers from New York to London on Pan American. 1974: NASA acquires a 747 jetliner from American Airlines and converts it into the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft to carry the space shuttle back and forth across the country. 1990: Two 747-200s are modified to serve as Air Force One, replacing the Boeing VC-137s that had served as the presidential aircraft for almost 30 years. 2006: A modified 747-400 freighter debuts as the platform for the U.S. Air Force’s Airborne Laser Program, which was intended to destroy ballistic missiles with a laser mounted in the plane’s nose. The plane is later designated YAL-1 but is eventually cancelled. 2007: Airbus’ jumbo jet, the A380, enters service. The double-deck plane seats 555 people. 2014: Boeing delivers its 1,500th 747. 2015: Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic says it will use a modified version of a 747 nicknamed Cosmic Girl to serve as the carrier aircraft for its satellite-launching rocket, LauncherOne. LOS ANGELES – The wide-bodied Boeing 747 was once known as the queen of the skies, an instantly recognizable behemoth revered for its luxury and spaciousness. As time passed, however, the original jumbo jet was outstripped by more efficient twin-engine planes. Now the 747’s days as a passenger plane are numbered. Delta and United – the last two U.S. airlines that fly 747s – have said they will retire those planes from their fleet by the end of the year, 48 years after the jet first took flight. Today, Boeing Co. produces just six 747s a year. The Chicago-based aerospace giant says it is eyeing the cargo market for new customers. The winding-down of 747 production is also a reminder of Southern California’s diminished role as a builder of big planes and their parts. The most prominent supplier in the region is a fuselage-panel plant in the Los Angeles-area city of Hawthorne that once employed thousands. Today, the factory has 300 employees. “The 747 was a fabulous airplane,” said Scott Hamilton, founder of aviation consulting firm Leeham Co. LLC. “But like any technology, it moves on.” At the time, the big jet represented a spectacular gamble for Boeing. Up until the 747’s debut, flying was a cramped – or more cramped – experience in narrow-body planes. When the plane rolled off an assembly line in the late 1960s, it was already larger and had longer range than later “airbus” aircraft, such as the McDonnell Douglas DC-10 and Lockheed L-1011. Aspiring 747 pilots were specially trained to taxi the large aircraft by riding in a mock-up of the plane’s flight deck boosted on three-story-tall stilts in a moving truck. Pilots maneuvered the “simulator” by radioing directions down to the truck driver. Boeing poured financial resources into the 747’s development, which almost bankrupted the company as cost overruns were exacerbated by a recession that broke just as the plane made its debut, said Suresh Kotha, professor of management at the University of Washington’s Foster School of Business. The company had to cut deals with suppliers to produce parts on their own dime. Production began while the massive Everett, Wash., assembly plant was still under construction; the plant’s construction alone cost $200 million, according to the book “Boeing 747: A History.” Expected orders disappeared, and airlines that did buy the plane opted to install lounges in the 747’s famous hump rather than fill the plane to its 400-seat capacity. American Airlines even placed a piano bar near the back of its planes. “It had unparalleled spaciousness,” Hamilton said. “The fliers of today are used to stepping on a 747 or 777 that has wide bodies. Back then, you’d step onto the airplane and go, ‘Wow.’” At the time, commercial aerospace was still a major industry in Southern California. Northrop Corp. won a Boeing subcontract to produce the plane’s fuselage panels in 1966. The company’s Hawthorne plant made the basic fuselage assemblies, while another facility in the coastal city of Ventura built the structure that connected the fuselage skin with the wing. Plants in Anaheim and Long Beach produced the plane’s flooring. In 1969, the Hawthorne plant employed 5,000 workers, as well as an additional 2,400 who were indirectly involved in 747 production. Lockheed and Douglas later ceded the commercial market to Boeing, and the region focused more on space and defense, said Peter Westwick, adjunct professor of history at USC and editor of the book “Blue Sky Metropolis: The Aerospace Century in Southern California.” “Northrop ended up being the one to keep building these commercial aircraft,” he said. “And Northrop is not usually seen as one of the main players.” In 2005, Boeing rival Airbus unveiled its own jumbo jet, the 555-seat A380. Boeing tried to counter the move by announcing plans for updated versions of the 747, but airlines weren’t interested in what they saw as an outdated plane. Boeing shifted its strategy and began promoting a future of more point-to-point travel to smaller airports, versus the old hub-and-spoke system that maximized huge planes, Kotha said. More important, technology shifted to favor more fuel-efficient jets. Lighter engines were developed using more titanium and capable of generating more thrust, with more reliable turbine blades. Twin-engine planes were eventually certified to fly over the ocean. Planes such as the Boeing 777 and 787, and Airbus A330 and 350, combined the perks of a wide body with greater fuel-efficiency. A typical 290-seat Boeing 787-9 would use about 18,400 gallons of fuel to fly from Los Angeles International Airport to London’s Heathrow Airport, according to an analysis from Leeham Co. A 405-seat 747-8 passenger plane making the same trip would use about 33,000 gallons. Now Airbus is facing a similar sales cliff with its massive A380. The company recorded no net orders last year and is working through a dwindling backlog of orders. Boeing, meanwhile, is hoping to squeeze out some last years from the 747 as a cargo plane. In October, UPS ordered 14 new 747-8 cargo jets for its air shipping service, with an option to purchase an additional 14. Boeing spokeswoman Jessica Kowal said the UPS order indicates that customers still see value in the 747 for its carrying capacity and its hinged nose door for accommodating larger loads. “We continue building 747-8s, and there are no plans to discontinue that work,” she said in a statement. “While the previous economic downturn slowed the market, we are working with customers across the globe and expect activity to increase to match growth of the cargo market.” Analysts say the international air cargo market has grown, especially with the rise of e-commerce. But unless Boeing is able to secure additional orders beyond that of UPS, the plane could be out of production, Kotha said. Also encountering some turbulence is the 747’s most prestigious assignment – the heavily modified Air Force One plane that transports U.S. presidents. Boeing has initial contracts amounting to $170 million to develop a new version, based on the latest 747-8, but President Trump has challenged the jet’s price tag and the two sides have held discussions on possible cost savings. Over time, the vast 747 supplier base in California has shrunk. In 1993, there were about 320 suppliers in the state; today, there are only 118 factories in California that support the program. The plane’s fuselage panels are still produced in Hawthorne and transported via rail cars to Boeing’s facility in Washington. In 2000, Northrop Grumman sold its commercial aero-structures business, including the Hawthorne plant, to the Carlyle Group, a private investment firm. The plant was later purchased by Triumph Group. At the current production rate, Triumph will be under contract with Boeing through the end of the decade, Boeing said. The factory’s neighborhood reflects the shifting focus of Southern California’s reinvigorated aerospace industry. Elon Musk’s SpaceX has moved in along Jack Northrop Ave.; at one end of the block, the first rocket booster the company landed back on Earth towers over nearby buildings. Large tubes for the SpaceX Hyperloop Pod Competition run along most of the street. Triumph’s buildings are largely hidden behind a black fence, with the company’s name and logo on a few modest signs. “Any future depends on whether UPS exercises options for . another 14 (planes),” Hamilton said. “But basically once Air Force One is delivered, and once UPS is delivered, there’s really no future left for the 747.” Updated: March 20, 2017, 6:43 p.m.  Tags: airlines, Boeing, Boeing 747, Delta, jumbo jet, United Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 36 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest 747’s reign as queen of the skies coming to close The last two U.S. airlines that fly the planes will retire them by the end of the year Post to Facebook 747’s reign as queen of the skies coming to close The last two U.S. airlines that fly the planes will retire them by the end of the year  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2mIQlx6 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs 747’s reign as queen of the skies coming to close Samantha Masunag, Los Angeles Times 3:43 p.m. ET March 20, 2017 The last two U.S. airlines that fly 747s will retire those planes by the end of the year, 48 years after the jet first took flight. (Photo: Jim Anderson/Boeing / TNS) 36 CONNECTTWEET 3 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Los Angeles — The wide-bodied Boeing 747 was once known as the queen of the skies, an instantly recognizable behemoth revered for its luxury and spaciousness. As time passed, however, the original jumbo jet was outstripped by more efficient twin-engine planes. Now the 747’s days as a passenger plane are numbered. Delta and United — the last two U.S. airlines that fly 747s — have said they will retire those planes from their fleet by the end of the year, 48 years after the jet first took flight. Today, Boeing Co. produces just six 747s a year. The Chicago-based aerospace giant says it is eyeing the cargo market for new customers. The winding-down of 747 production is also a reminder of Southern California’s diminished role as a builder of big planes and their parts. The most prominent supplier in the region is a fuselage-panel plant in the Los Angeles-area city of Hawthorne that once employed thousands. Today, the factory has 300 employees. “The 747 was a fabulous airplane,” said Scott Hamilton, founder of aviation consulting firm Leeham Co. LLC. “But like any technology, it moves on.” At the time, the big jet represented a spectacular gamble for Boeing. Up until the 747’s debut, flying was a cramped — or more cramped — experience in narrow-body planes. When the plane rolled off an assembly line in the late 1960s, it was already larger and had longer range than later “airbus” aircraft, such as the McDonnell Douglas DC-10 and Lockheed L-1011. Aspiring 747 pilots were specially trained to taxi the large aircraft by riding in a mock-up of the plane’s flight deck boosted on three-story-tall stilts in a moving truck. Pilots maneuvered the “simulator” by radioing directions down to the truck driver. Boeing poured financial resources into the 747’s development, which almost bankrupted the company as cost overruns were exacerbated by a recession that broke just as the plane made its debut, said Suresh Kotha, professor of management at the University of Washington’s Foster School of Business. The company had to cut deals with suppliers to produce parts on their own dime. Production began while the massive Everett, Wash., assembly plant was still under construction; the plant’s construction alone cost $200 million, according to the book “Boeing 747: A History.” Expected orders disappeared, and airlines that did buy the plane opted to install lounges in the 747’s famous hump rather than fill the plane to its 400-seat capacity. American Airlines even placed a piano bar near the back of its planes. “It had unparalleled spaciousness,” Hamilton said. “The fliers of today are used to stepping on a 747 or 777 that has wide bodies. Back then, you’d step onto the airplane and go, ‘Wow.’” At the time, commercial aerospace was still a major industry in Southern California. Northrop Corp. won a Boeing subcontract to produce the plane’s fuselage panels in 1966. The company’s Hawthorne plant made the basic fuselage assemblies, while another facility in the coastal city of Ventura built the structure that connected the fuselage skin with the wing. Plants in Anaheim and Long Beach produced the plane’s flooring. In 1969, the Hawthorne plant employed 5,000 workers, as well as an additional 2,400 who were indirectly involved in 747 production. Lockheed and Douglas later ceded the commercial market to Boeing, and the region focused more on space and defense, said Peter Westwick, adjunct professor of history at USC and editor of the book “Blue Sky Metropolis: The Aerospace Century in Southern California.” “Northrop ended up being the one to keep building these commercial aircraft,” he said. “And Northrop is not usually seen as one of the main players.” In 2005, Boeing rival Airbus unveiled its own jumbo jet, the 555-seat A380. Boeing tried to counter the move by announcing plans for updated versions of the 747, but airlines weren’t interested in what they saw as an outdated plane. Boeing shifted its strategy and began promoting a future of more point-to-point travel to smaller airports, versus the old hub-and-spoke system that maximized huge planes, Kotha said. More important, technology shifted to favor more fuel-efficient jets. Lighter engines were developed using more titanium and capable of generating more thrust, with more reliable turbine blades. Twin-engine planes were eventually certified to fly over the ocean. Planes such as the Boeing 777 and 787, and Airbus A330 and 350, combined the perks of a wide body with greater fuel-efficiency. A typical 290-seat Boeing 787-9 would use about 18,400 gallons of fuel to fly from Los Angeles International Airport to London’s Heathrow Airport, according to an analysis from Leeham Co. A 405-seat 747-8 passenger plane making the same trip would use about 33,000 gallons. Now Airbus is facing a similar sales cliff with its massive A380. The company recorded no net orders last year and is working through a dwindling backlog of orders. Boeing, meanwhile, is hoping to squeeze out some last years from the 747 as a cargo plane. In October, UPS ordered 14 new 747-8 cargo jets for its air shipping service, with an option to purchase an additional 14. Boeing spokeswoman Jessica Kowal said the UPS order indicates that customers still see value in the 747 for its carrying capacity and its hinged nose door for accommodating larger loads. “We continue building 747-8s, and there are no plans to discontinue that work,” she said in a statement. “While the previous economic downturn slowed the market, we are working with customers across the globe and expect activity to increase to match growth of the cargo market.” Analysts say the international air cargo market has grown, especially with the rise of e-commerce. But unless Boeing is able to secure additional orders beyond that of UPS, the plane could be out of production, Kotha said. Also encountering some turbulence is the 747’s most prestigious assignment — the heavily modified Air Force One plane that transports U.S. presidents. Boeing has initial contracts amounting to $170 million to develop a new version, based on the latest 747-8, but President Trump has challenged the jet’s price tag and the two sides have held discussions on possible cost savings. Over time, the vast 747 supplier base in California has shrunk. In 1993, there were about 320 suppliers in the state; today, there are only 118 factories in California that support the program. The plane’s fuselage panels are still produced in Hawthorne and transported via rail cars to Boeing’s facility in Washington. In 2000, Northrop Grumman sold its commercial aero-structures business, including the Hawthorne plant, to the Carlyle Group, a private investment firm. The plant was later purchased by Triumph Group. At the current production rate, Triumph will be under contract with Boeing through the end of the decade, Boeing said. The factory’s neighborhood reflects the shifting focus of Southern California’s reinvigorated aerospace industry. Elon Musk’s SpaceX has moved in along Jack Northrop Ave.; at one end of the block, the first rocket booster the company landed back on Earth towers over nearby buildings. Large tubes for the SpaceX Hyperloop Pod Competition run along most of the street. Triumph’s buildings are largely hidden behind a black fence, with the company’s name and logo on a few modest signs. “Any future depends on whether UPS exercises options for ... another 14 (planes),” Hamilton said. “But basically once Air Force One is delivered, and once UPS is delivered, there’s really no future left for the 747.” ——— A brief history of the original jumbo jet 1966: Pan American places the first order for Boeing’s 747. The airline orders 25 planes. 1966: Northrop Corp. announces it was selected to build the fuselage of the 747 in Southern California. 1970: The Boeing 747 enters commercial service, taking passengers from New York to London on Pan American. 1974: NASA acquires a 747 jetliner from American Airlines and converts it into the Shuttle Carrier Aircraft to carry the space shuttle back and forth across the country. 1990: Two 747-200s are modified to serve as Air Force One, replacing the Boeing VC-137s that had served as the presidential aircraft for almost 30 years. 2006: A modified 747-400 freighter debuts as the platform for the U.S. Air Force’s Airborne Laser Program, which was intended to destroy ballistic missiles with a laser mounted in the plane’s nose. The plane is later designated YAL-1 but is eventually cancelled. 2007: Airbus’ jumbo jet, the A380, enters service. The double-deck plane seats 555 people. 2014: Boeing delivers its 1,500th 747. 2015: Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic says it will use a modified version of a 747 nicknamed Cosmic Girl to serve as the carrier aircraft for its satellite-launching rocket, LauncherOne. 36 CONNECTTWEET 3 LINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2mIQlx6 TOP VIDEOS Sen. Gary Peters views demonstration of a Bradley Fighting Vehicle 0:43 Joe Nardone, CEO, Wayne County Airport Authority, tours DTW 2:25 Mike Ilitch: 'I fell in love with Midwestern friendliness' 2:40 Microsoft moving to Detroit 3:49 Walking the floor at the NAIAS Charity Preview 1:00 Biden admires Detroit, 'an iconic city' 2:15 Chinese automaker GAC reveals three new vehicles 1:57 Mercedes-Benz introduces new cars 2:48 Infiniti introduces QX50 concept 1:19 2018 Honda Odyssey introduced 0:54
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Source: Four Seasons Luxury Travel See All the World’s Greatest Places in One Month On a Flying Cruise The ultra-elite trend is hoping to tap a broader crowd. by Nikki Ekstein @nikkiekstein More stories by Nikki Ekstein March 20, 2017, 11:44 AM EDT So you want to see all of the world’s greatest sights … in 29 days? Good news: For the first time ever, it’s a realistic proposition. But there’s a catch: You’ll have to do it on a private jet. And it’ll run you $159,000 per person. At least that’s what Edie Rodriguez, chief executive officer of Crystal Cruises, is proposing with the company’s soon-to-launch AirCruises, whose first “Around the World: Iconic Sights” tour will pit stop in Easter Island, Uluru, Lhasa, Jaipur, Victoria Falls, and Prague (among others)—all between Oct. 21 and Nov. 18. A rendering of the Crystal jet's lie-flat seats. Source: Crystal Cruises Crystal isn’t alone. Luxury hotel companies from Peninsula hotels to Aman resorts and Four Seasons Hotels Ltd. are getting in on private jet tours; the latter has partnered with global star chef Rene Redzepi for a $135,000 culinary dream trip that spans much of Europe and Asia. So are safari outfitters such as Great Plains Conservation and AndBeyond, which is using private jets to link otherwise difficult-to-connect destinations, such as Kenya and Botswana. (The safaris range from $75,000 to $116,500 per person.) Top-notch operators Abercrombie & Kent and National Geographic are offering global vacations built around exclusive charters. And the list keeps growing.   A Whole New World of Opportunity “Private jet travel inquiries have grown by at least four of five times in the last few years,” explained Michael Holtz, a travel specialist at SmartFlyer who is an expert on complicated aviation inquiries. “But up until about three years ago, only one or two companies were offering private jet trips at all, and none of them were really marketing in a big way.” And why should they? There’s no sense in turning your company into a household name if almost all households can't afford your product. That has started to change, though. Fractional ownership companies have put the Uber twist on the private jet industry, putting private aviation within reach for a far wider demographic. Inside the Four Seasons private jet. Source: Four Seasons And luxury hotel companies—all vying for a brand image that ties them ever closer to ultra-high-net-worth spending—swooped in to capitalize on a new market and a new world of opportunity. First to market was Four Seasons. “We began offering Private Jet trips aboard a third party vendor in 2012,” President and CEO J. Allen Smith told Bloomberg. “The response was overwhelmingly positive, but the missing piece for our guests was an end-to-end seamless Four Seasons experience.” So he led the company to create a fully branded private jet—a 52-seat Boeing 757—in 2015, along with a custom 24-day, nine-stop, $119,000 debut itinerary. “It was a first for the hospitality industry and met with tremendous enthusiasm,” said Smith. “Every trip sold out that year.”   Party Buses in the Sky When Crystal launches its AirCruises this fall, it will catapult the private jet tourism business into a stratospheric new level of luxury. Whereas Four Seasons and other hotel companies largely lease out their (very nice) aircraft from outside vendors, Crystal’s parent company, Genting Hong Kong, is buying outright two Boeing planes—a custom-built 777 and a 787 Dreamliner that will follow down the line. The combined sticker price? $545 million. (Rodriguez declined to provide a figure but said the investment was “very sizable” and “very bullish.”) The Crystal Cruises jet. Source: Crystal Cruises Boeing 777s usually seat 350; this one will have just 84 lie-flat beds, a separate dining area with an on-board chef, a full wine cellar, and the highest staff-to-guest ratio anywhere in the skies. Its first trip, created in partnership with Peninsula hotels, departs Aug. 31 and hits all 10 cities where the Asian hotelier has properties, from Los Angeles, to Beijing, to Paris. “We’re extending the Peninsula experience into the actual jet,” said Robert Cheng, Peninsula’s group vice president of marketing, who described how general managers will join travelers on flights to their hotel’s destination, offering up their local expertise well ahead of check-in. Also part of the deal are special galas and events that put travelers in contact with local movers and shakers: gallery owners, designers, chefs, and other people who “make a city tick on a global scale.” The restaurant inside the Crystal jet. Source: Crystal Cruises Cheng put it best: “It’s not these people’s first times in these global gateways, so our goal is to make the trip interesting, not just by the things they do but by the people they meet.” Naturally, that applies on the jet as well. “People want to mix and mingle with like-minded travelers,” said Holtz, who added that he “would not be surprised if some major business deals were formulated” aboard a party bus in the sky.   What Money (Normally) Can’t Buy The advantages of flying private are obvious. “People want everything tied up with a bow,” said Crystal’s Rodriguez, who counts herself among travelers that like to be pampered. “You can’t get from the Tibetan Himalayas to the Taj Mahal rapidly or easily,” she said, referring to two consecutive stops on the Around the World tour. And while her 777 can’t land on Agra’s tiny airstrip, it’ll take guests to New Delhi, where a smaller (private) aircraft will whisk guests to the iconic monument. A safari camp with AndBeyond. Source: AndBeyond On safari, taking out a small Embraer or Pilates jet allows guests with Great Plains Conservation and AndBeyond to guarantee they’ll sidestep airport chaos, make it to their next destination in time for a game drive, and get their full allotment of luggage space—never a sure thing on safari. (Small safari planes often act like shuttles, picking guests up and dropping guests off on roundabout, unpredictable circuits.) But why fly private if you’re not doing it privately? The answer is simple: economies of scale. On most of these trips, customs officers can come aboard the aircraft and process passports without anyone ever stepping foot in an immigration line, said SmartFlyer’s Holtz. Staying with a single hotel company means you’ll tell them your preferences once and never remind them again. “You can have your favorite green juice at 7:00 a.m. in the morning sharp, no matter where you stay,” Holtz added as an example. Get off the private jet and onto a helicopter for a tour, with Peninsula, outside Hong Kong. Source: The Peninsula Hotels And then there are the exclusive experiences that simply can’t be arranged for just two people. “They’re able to use the volume and price point to their advantage,” said ultra-luxury travel specialist Jack Ezon of Ovation Travel. “A gala dinner in St. Petersburg’s Catherine Palace, for instance—you can’t plan that alone.” Nor can you get René Redzepi and the Noma team to curate your food-obsessed itinerary … unless you’re on a Four Seasons jet. Or go wine tasting in Mendoza and Cape Town and France with an expert from Wine Spectator … unless you’re flying with Crystal. That’s why Peninsula’s Cheng says that even guests who already own private jets are signing up for these trailblazing new trips.   Dollars and Cents The most affordable of the private jet trips among these main players clocks in at $78,600, making any discussion of value a relative one. But Holtz points out that you could easily spend 20 percent to 30 percent more if you tried to plan a similar trip yourself. He’s not wrong: Business-class flights alone could cost roughly $25,000 per person on such an itinerary, not including the value of time spent on lengthy layovers or waiting in airport terminals. And given the caliber of hotels on these itineraries—all among the best in the world—another $15,000 in overnights is not unrealistic. Add the cost of guides, drivers, meals, and booze—all of which is included on a curated trip—and it’s easy to see how the dollars and cents add up. Travel with us, drive with us, eat with us. Get our weekly Pursuits newsletter. Sign Up But there are exceptions. Aman’s smaller trips start at about $55,000 for a 16-day wellness quest in the South Pacific led by world-renowned specialists Yamuna Zake and James D’Silva. The company also has the most expensive trips we found: Its Southeast Asia voyages, created in conjunction with the highly proficient tour operator Remote Lands, have been advertised for as much as $57,750 per day. (The company was unavailable to comment on the services and amenities travelers can expect at that rate.)   The Price Is Right Peninsula hotels have already invested in other luxury vehicles for their guests, such as a fleet of Rolls Royces. Source: The Peninsula Hotels None of these companies is having a hard time selling out its trips. Four Seasons has a wait list for its late-2017 departures, which Smith says sold out in “record time.” Aman Chief Operating Officer Roland Fasel says he's been inspired to expand his program because the trips "are always a huge success and sell out very quickly." And Rodriguez says the Crystal jet has already garnered several buyouts, which both Ezon and Holtz estimated could cost somewhere in the $3 million range. And who’s going? Ezon says the crowd is much like the group that shells out big bucks on cruising—older travelers with a bucket list to check off. But Holtz has a more generalist view, citing interest from business owners who just sold their startup, young couples who maybe hit it big on the market, or retirees with time and money. Crystal CEO Rodriguez sides with Holtz, saying half her bookings come from new-to-cruise market customers whom she hopes to convert into Crystal loyalists. Either way, both agents agree the trend is here to stay. “It’s just in its infancy right now, but this is going to be a tremendous market,” said Holtz. “Our clients come back with great feedback. They say it’s one of the best trips they’ve ever taken.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Nikki Ekstein @nikkiekstein Read This Next The Best New Resorts in the Caribbean How to Get an Invite Onto the World’s Biggest Megayacht This New Cruise Ship Reimagines What It Means to Be Outdoors How to Get Two Vacations for the Price of One This Year, Invest in a Better Life Story For Yourself Most Read Republican Nunes Tries to Give Trump Cover on Wiretap Claim Attacker Kills Four Near U.K. Parliament Before Being Shot Dead Sears Plummets After Filing Sparks Concern That End Is Near U.S. Stocks Rise as Rout Eases; Bonds, Gold Climb: Markets Wrap Payless Is Said to Be Filing for Bankruptcy as Soon as Next Week Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Analysis BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 The nastiest feud in the airline business seems tailor-made for Trump — but he won't touch it Benjamin Zhang Mar. 16, 2017, 1:10 PM 23,236 facebook linkedin twitter email print President Donald Trump with the Boeing 787-9. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque The largest US airlines want the White House to intervene in the expansion of three huge Middle Eastern rivals, which they say is hurting business and jobs. Trump hasn't taken up the cause. The Middle Eastern carriers — Emirates, Etihad, and Qatar — are big customers of Boeing's. Trump's family business also has strong ties and ambitions in the United Arab Emirates and Qatar. America's airline workers and CEOs are mad as hell. They face increasing competition from a group of foreign rivals that they say are government-supported, profiting off cheap labor, and abusing international agreements. On the surface, it seems like a perfect opportunity for President Donald Trump to champion American workers and threaten to tear up another trade agreement, but so far he's not biting. There are two reasons for this. His focus on job creation is in manufacturing, not the services industry, and the airlines that are triggering the complaints hail from a part of the world where Trump has growing business ties. What's the issue? Here's the shorthand version of the feud: Since 2015, American, Delta, and United Airlines (the US3) have been complaining about competition from three huge and fast-growing Middle East-based rivals — Emirates, Etihad, and Qatar Airways (the ME3). According to the US3, the ME3's growth has been fueled by as much as $50 billion in subsidies over the past decade, allowing them to flood the international market and threaten the job security of US aviation workers. They also say the ME3 are in violation of the Open Skies agreements that govern air travel between the US and 120 nations including the UAE and Qatar. They're trying hard to get Trump's attention. Last Sunday, a group of United Airlines employees, unions, and members of Congress held a protest at Newark Liberty International Airport in New Jersey in reaction to the launch of a new daily service by Emirates from Newark to Athens, Greece — a route that United flies during the summer. At the same time, a bipartisan group of 25 members of Congress from New York and New Jersey asked the White to block Emirates' Newark-Athens route. "It's crystal clear that the US airlines and their employees are looking to President Trump to enforce our international agreements with the trade cheaters of the UAE and Qatar," said Jill Zuckman, a spokeswoman for the lobbying group representing the US3 on this matter. The ME3, as you might expect, rebut all this. They say US airlines have been bailed out and supported by government spending in the past, and that their own flights into the US create jobs and growth. Manufacturing First Trump at the Boeing plant in North Charleston, South Carolina. REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque From his early days on the campaign trail, Trump keyed in on a need for America to rebuild its once booming manufacturing sector. Time and time again, candidate Trump and then President Trump vowed to support American-made products. The president has personally praised companies such as Ford, General Motors, United Technologies, and Intel for deciding to keep manufacturing operations in the US. That extends to Boeing. In February, when asked about US airlines' request to block the entrance of Norwegian Air's Irish subsidiary into the domestic market, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said: "They're flying Boeing planes. There is a huge economic interest that America has in that deal right now. I don't want to get ahead of the president on that. But just to be clear, I mean, when you're talking about US jobs — both in terms of the people who are serving those planes and the person who's building those planes — that's a very big difference." The difference here is that Boeing and its assembly plants in Washington state and South Carolina that produced the 120 737 and 787 jets in Norwegian's Boeing-only fleet are the same plants that will build the 100 next-generation 737 MAX airliners Norwegian has on order with a list value of more than $11 billion. After all, there are few visuals quite as representative of American industrial might as a shiny new Boeing jet. The ME3 are big spenders But Norwegian is small potatoes when compared with the economic might and sheer spending power of the ME3. Emirates' Boeing 777-300ER. Boeing Take Emirates, for instance: The airline is one of Boeing's most important and reliable customers. Emirates' fleet of 160 Boeing 777s is the largest of its kind in the world and worth $45 billion. To put things into perspective, if a 737 is the aeronautical equivalent of a $25,000 family sedan, then a 777 is a $100,000 Cadillac Escalade. And Emirates has been buying these "Cadillacs" in bulk, with orders for another $86 billion worth of Boeing 777 and next generation 777X airliners. It's not just Emirates. Collectively, the ME3 account for nearly 80% of the 306 777X aircraft Boeing has sold. Then there are the engines, which Boeing does not make. For Emirates, a larger number of its 777s are powered by General Electric GE90 engines. In 2015, Emirates signed a $16 billion deal with GE to provide maintenance for these engines. Even many of the non-American aircraft Emirates, Etihad, and Qatar fly are powered by American-made engines, built by a Connecticut-based joint venture between GE and Pratt & Whitney, called Engine Alliance. Put it all together, and the three airlines hold more than $150 billion worth of economic power that will keep Boeing's assembly lines rolling for the next decade and beyond. Despite the vastness and importance of the airline industry, the Trump administration's focus on manufacturing, that shining image of US industrial supremacy, takes precedence. After all, why antagonize some of the most lucrative customers for America's most recognizable industrial export? Trump Dubai It's also worth raising the issue of the Trump Organization's business interests in the United Arab Emirates. These business dealings have been the subject of criticism from the president's detractors. In February, the president's two adult sons, Eric and Donald Jr., presided over the opening of the latest Trump-branded golf course, the Trump International Golf Club Dubai. The course, located a stone's throw away from downtown Dubai, was developed by Hussain Sajwani, a billionaire and Trump family friend, and his Dubai-based DAMAC Properties. According to Reuters, DAMAC pays the Trump Organization a licensing fee to use the Trump brand on the facility, which features a 30,000-square-foot clubhouse, four restaurants, state-of-the-art recreation facilities, and a 7,300-yard, par-71 golf course designed by Gil Hanse. DAMAC is also developing a second Trump-branded golf course in the emirate, called the Trump World Golf Club Dubai, which will feature an 18-hole championship course designed by Tiger Woods. In 2015 and 2016, DAMAC paid the Trump Organization as much as $10 million, Bloomberg reported. Eric Trump at the opening of the Trump International Golf Club Dubai. REUTERS/William Maclean The tiny emirate of Dubai has blossomed over the past couple of decades under the guidance of its ruler, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid al Maktoum, and revolves around its government, ruled by the house of al Maktoum. Infrastructure, land, and real-estate development are all part of the ruling family's efforts to brand Dubai as a global hub for trade and commerce, and the heart of this international marketing effort is Dubai's most recognizable and effective branding tool: Emirates, and its shining fleet of jumbo jets. It's not just Dubai either. Neighboring Abu Dhabi, where Etihad is based, and Qatar to the north are doing much of the same — including building hotels and golf courses that might carry the Trump name. According to Hotelier Middle East, in 2015, Ivanka Trump said the organization was looking at "multiple opportunities" in Abu Dhabi, Qatar, and Saudi Arabia. On a practical level, Emirates is also the how the world's golfers will find their way to Trump's Dubai properties. And according to a passenger on the flight, it's how Eric and Donald Jr. made their way back to New York from Dubai. It's still early, and it's entirely possible the White House could take up the concerns raised by American, Delta, and United. If it doesn't, we have a good idea why. SEE ALSO: Boeing's newest plane is also its biggest headache NOW WATCH: Check out the Boeing airliner President Donald Trump is trading in for Air Force One Loading video... More: BITranspo Trump administration Airlines ME3 vs. US3 MarketsOpEd facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru The nastiest feud in the airline business seems tailor-made for Trump — but he won't touch it The nastiest feud in the airline business seems tailor-made for Trump — but he won't touch it The largest US airlines want the White... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured This man dropped out of college twice and now directs MIT's Media Lab — here's how he did it More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Analysis Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu CERTIFIABLE Space tourism companies are going to write their own safety rules because the US government can’t Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business March 20, 2017 Look at my stuff! (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack) Share Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business March 20, 2017 Within a year, says Blue Origin, it will begin flying humans to the edge of space. That would grant the company, founded by Amazon chief Jeff Bezos, a symbolic victory over competitors like SpaceX, Boeing and Virgin Galactic, who are also pursuing plans to fly paying passengers beyond earth’s atmosphere. The inaugural flights of these new ventures will be a leap into the unknown for the passengers, not least because they won’t benefit from the tight regulation we’ve come to expect in everything from air transport to private automobiles. The first spaceflight participants will be guinea pigs in an experiment that asks: Just what does it mean to be safe in space when the government isn’t in charge? Risk incentives Entrepreneurs often argue for a light regulatory hand to avoid stifling the development of new technology, and space entrepreneurs are no different. “As we move to human space flight, there is no certifying body,” Blue Origin executive Erika Wagner recently told an audience at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. “The FAA [Federal Aviation Administration] is required to keep the public safe on the ground, but it’s not their responsibility to keep astronauts safe in space,” she continued. “That really is on our shoulders, and in terms of us having a safe place in the market, we take that seriously, we want to put our own families on board, we take that very seriously. So we are holding ourselves to internal standards.” Her comment betrays an unusual reality. Technically, the FAA does have jurisdiction over any space launches by US citizens and companies. But when it comes to human spaceflight, the law is designed to give companies as wide a latitude as possible to develop their technology. The Commercial Space Act allows the government to make safety rules for paying space passengers only if it is acting to prohibit a design or practice that has already “resulted in a serious or fatal injury” or “posed a high risk of causing a serious or fatal injury” in a previous flight. Put more simply: Beyond ensuring that rockets won’t go totally awry, the FAA doesn’t tell space companies how to protect their passengers until they’ve already put them in danger. In the meantime, space tourists must opt in after receiving a written warning of the risks they face, expressly acknowledging that the US government has not certified their rocket as safe. NASA’s powers of oversight are limited, too. Private companies that want to ferry people to the International Space Station (ISS), which NASA partly controls, will have to meet the space agency’s rigorous safety requirements. But for other kinds of space tourism, the business is supervised by the FAA’s looser, almost self-regulatory, guidelines. Who’s first? Blue Origin’s flagship rocket, the New Shepard (named for the first American in space), flew for the first time in 2015. Then the company demonstrated the capability for a reliable and cheap human space tourism program by flying and reusing a second New Shepard rocket five times. Blue Origin executives say it will begin regularly flying paying customers to space by March 2018. That would put them ahead of a planned test flights for NASA’s commercial crew program, which has hired Elon Musk’s SpaceX and aerospace giant Boeing to design vehicles and fly astronauts to the International Space Station (ISS). Both companies are going through a qualification process to demonstrate they meet NASA’s standards ahead of 2018 test flights, intended for May by SpaceX and August for Boeing. Flying to the edge of space and flying to the space station are in fact quite different: Blue Origin’s rocket travels just 100 km (62 miles) up, while SpaceX and Boeing’s larger rockets are designed to carry heavy loads up 200 km or more. But that won’t diminish the rivalry between Bezos and SpaceX founder Elon Musk. When New Shepard landed a reusable rocket booster about a month before SpaceX’s Falcon 9 did, it sparked a memorably catty tweet exchange between the billionaires, even though Falcon 9 had actually gone into orbit while New Shepard had merely grazed it. SpaceX has also said that it will fly two unknown passengers around the moon in 2018, after its first NASA flight. And Richard Branson’s Virgin Galactic, once the leading company promising space tourism, with a manifest of more than 700 paid passengers accrued since 2005, is still unlikely to begin operations before 2019. However, regular flight testing has resumed since a 2015 accident that resulted in the death of a test pilot. What’s safe space travel? That tragic failure underscored the risks of human space travel. Though Virgin Galactic uses a unique spaceplane with adjustable wings to carry its passengers, every space company has to solve the problem of keeping people safe in vehicles that can unleash the massive force needed to break the bonds of gravity. NASA’s traditional approach to this challenge was to design, design, and design again, spending enormous amounts of money to ensure that nothing would go wrong. Tragic accidents did occur, but by and large “spending down risk,” as aerospace engineers put it, worked—as long as you had the government’s billions. This strategy was out of reach of most private companies until plunging costs of computation began to change the equation. SpaceX was one of the first companies to find a balance between private risk-taking and NASA’s concerns. It developed its rocket to fly cargo to the ISS by relying on more testing to develop effective technology on the cheap. The situation was not without culture clashes—Musk told one agency official, only half in jest, that he’d charge double for every NASA person at his work sites—but it produced a new orbital rocket that was a lot cheaper to run than its competitors. NASA’s standards for carrying humans are even more rigorous, and government auditors have urged NASA to make contingency plans in case neither SpaceX nor Boeing meet them in time for their scheduled test flights. Write your own rules Blue Origin, though it looks to NASA for best practices, paints itself as a self-regulatory organization. SpaceX will have the same luxury should it fly private space tourists. Doing so means meeting FAA standards, which give a freer hand to the companies than NASA. In Silicon Valley parlance: Because Blue Origin is flying private clients first, it has a chance to scale up a “minimum viable product.” SpaceX, as a NASA partner, is working on an enterprise scale. Any rocket carrying people will need a launch license from the FAA, a spokesperson told Quartz. Getting the license is essentially a back-and-forth between the agency and the launch operator, with the company explaining how it will prevent problems arising from the moment the rocket begins preparing for flight until the mission is over. The FAA evaluates data about the rocket’s performance and any new updates to its systems, and generally works to ensure that the launch won’t end in flames. Obviously, that offers some general safety for passengers. Going further is harder. As the agency’s lawyers put it in a rulemaking document, “Several commenters urged that the FAA establish requirements to protect space flight participants…[the Commercial Space Act] does not provide the authority to protect space flight participants except in certain circumstances,” when serious injury has previously occurred. But the FAA has found something of a backdoor method to extend its regulatory reach. If crew or passengers could be construed to do something that might cause harm to the public—or act to prevent it—the FAA can make a rule about it. It requires, for instance, that crew members and remote operators have pilot’s licenses, and that life-support systems be reliable enough “to ensure the crew’s ability to protect public safety” in the event of an accident. Today, Virgin Galactic is the only space company with an FAA license to test its space plane. The license requires the company to “successfully verify the integrated performance” of its vehicle hardware and software by providing flight test results to the FAA before any paying passenger is allowed on board. Space Race Inc. Because the slate is still blank for how the federal government will treat the space business, the earliest companies will be in a position to set the tone, much as Uber’s regulatory battles laid the groundwork for the still tetchy relationship between cities and ride-hailing apps. Blue Origin still may not beat the pack to space tourism. In 2016, Wagner predicted the first human test flights would occur in the second quarter of this year, but it’s not clear if the secretive company in a business legendary for delays will meet that goal. Asked how many test flights would have to occur this year to prepare for human flight, she said, “we’ll see what it takes.” Flying humans repeatedly and reliably would make Blue Origin the first true space tourism operation. It would mean heartburn for Virgin Galactic, which is putting more emphasis on a small-satellite launching business led by former Boeing and SpaceX executives. For Bezos to truly trouble Musk and SpaceX, he will need get his first orbital rocket, New Glenn, built and flying by 2020. That will finally give him a vehicle with the power to match SpaceX to orbit and beyond. This month, Blue Origin announced that it already has a first customer for the rocket: Eutelsat, a European satellite operator. Lifting heavy commercial satellites to orbit is a key money-maker for SpaceX and its plans for inter-planetary exploration. If Bezos can dig into that market—and taking over new markets is, after all, his expertise—the new space race will truly be off and running. Most Popular Being vegan isn’t as good for humanity as you think Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Special 270 Tips to Stop Overpaying Your Taxes (Free Book Offer) Home | Ronn Torossian Tags: Donald Trump | Financial Markets | automation | robotics Companies Struggle to Keep Public and Shareholders Satisfied In 2011, this cockpit of Boeing's 787 Dreamliner enabled pilots to become reliant on computer systems doing most of the flying. Increased automation has been a tremendous safety boon to aviation, contributing to historically low accident rates in the U.S. and many parts of the world. (AP Photo/Pat Sullivan) By Ronn Torossian Monday, 20 Mar 2017 01:20 PM More Posts by Ronn Torossian Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Boeing has had an up and down 2017 so far. After a well-publicized back and forth with the president, Boeing recently announced coming layoffs at one of its commercial jet factories. Now that announcement has a date, May 2017. Boeing has spent the past year reducing its U.S.-based workforce, mostly through buyouts and trimming the executive and engineering staffs, but this announcement signals a shift in the company’s public strategy to cut costs and improve its bottom line. The announcement didn’t really catch the employees of the company off guard, but the swiftness of the move has some people scratching their heads. Boeing had been comfortable for years, earning record orders — year after year. But, sales have been down recently and demand for several different models has slowed considerably. Even the vaunted 777, which has been Boeing’s bell cow for some time, saw production slip by around 60 percent. And Boeing’s really been caught between a rock and a hard place. The company is being pressured by Wall Street to produce numbers as it has in recent heyday years, all while losing revenue quarter after quarter as end users, including the U.S., are demanding cheaper prices. Recent rumors of deals in the Mideast offered some hope, but it turned out to be short-lived. The cuts will go on as planned, regardless of any recent sales or announced contracts, and despite any promises by President Trump to increase American manufacturing. What will this mean, not only for Boeing but also for American manufacturing as a whole? No matter what the political rhetoric is, American businesses are cutting their staff. It’s happening across multiple different industries, even where companies have recently added personnel. And what will all this mean for President Trump? While the president campaigned on bringing back manufacturing jobs, he was never very specific on which industries he would actually be bringing back. That said, he has repeatedly been tied to the auto industry, and he’s been in headlines with Boeing in recent months. These, however, are two industries that can’t seem to keep manufacturing jobs. With advances in automation, robotics, and cheaper overseas labor pools, automakers, and jet manufacturers are trimming excess labor to stay competitive. They’re making more products, but they are doing it with fewer people running the assembly lines. This trend has every appearance of continuing. Companies are really stuck. Every time they cut their labor force they pay for it in public relations, and politicians who support them get hurt at the ballot box. Yet, if they don’t keep costs down, they lose the support of their investors. It’s a tough wire to walk, and not likely to get any easier. Ronn Torossian is one of America’s foremost Public Relations executives as founder/CEO of 5WPR, a leading independent PR Agency. The firm was honored as PR Firm of the Year by The American Business Awards, and has been named to the Inc. 500 List. Torossian is author of the best-selling "For Immediate Release: Shape Minds, Build Brands, and Deliver Results with Game-Changing Public Relations." For more of Ronn Torossian's reports, Go Here Now. More Posts by Ronn Torossian Keeping Jobs in US a Public Relations Win in Era of Trump Flynn Coverage Not Helping Media's Cause Uber CEO Leaves Trump's Business Advisory Group More Newsmax Blogs: George Will: GOP Forced to Mend Obamacare Instead of Ending It Jackie Gingrich Cushman: Concept of 'Belonging' Helps Explain Political Motives Andrew Napolitano: Senators Should Ask Gorsuch About Originalism © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share RonnTorossian Advances in automation, robotics, and cheaper overseas labor allow manufacturers to trim; making more with less. Companies are stuck. Every time they cut labor they pay for it in public relations; politicians who support them get hurt. Yet, if they don’t keep costs down, they lose investor support. automation, robotics 519 Monday, 20 Mar 2017 01:20 PM 2017-20-20 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Keeping Jobs in US a Public Relations Win in Era of Trump Monday, 06 Mar 2017 11:39 AM A recent report said the union that represents AT&T workers announced an agreement with AT&T Southwest to hire Americans . . . Flynn Coverage Not Helping Media's Cause Friday, 17 Feb 2017 15:03 PM When dealing with a lockstep lack of trust, step one is to regain that trust. The media is, in many ways, facing a major . . . Uber CEO Leaves Trump's Business Advisory Group Monday, 06 Feb 2017 16:36 PM These days, just about every public decision becomes a political statement. That’s why the news that Uber’s CEO left Pre . . . More Most Commented Nunes at Russia Hearing: 'There Was Not a Wiretap on Trump Tower' Monday, 20 Mar 2017 | 1669 comments I'm listening to the dog and pony show on FOX with James Comey.Adam Schiff... Trump Budget Eliminates Federal Funding for 19 Agencies Saturday, 18 Mar 2017 | 595 comments The U.N. should be included in this list right along with funds for the... Trump Slams 'Fake News' Coverage After 'Great' Meeting With Merkel Saturday, 18 Mar 2017 | 540 comments Tell you what, Trump is saying all the things that NEED to be said. MSM... Fox News Pulls Judge Napolitano After England-Trump Wiretap Claim Tuesday, 21 Mar 2017 | 505 comments Comey The Clown said there was no wiretapping of Trump....This is the same... 'No Evidence of Collusion' between Trump Campaign, Russia: Intelligence Committee Chairman Sunday, 19 Mar 2017 | 468 comments We know the Obama administration wiretapped General Flynn who was working... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 3 Stocks We Like More Than Kinder Morgan With the pipeline operator focusing on improving its balance sheet amid a tough energy market, these three stocks are a better option for investors. Daniel Miller, Travis Hoium, and Timothy Green (TMFTwoCoins) Mar 20, 2017 at 12:03PM Kinder Morgan's management team has had a rough couple of years with lower oil prices and headwinds facing project development. In addition to battling these issues, both of which threaten organic growth, the company is focusing on improving its balance sheet amid a tough market. While value investors could be tempted to scoop up shares of Kinder Morgan, here are three companies our analysts think are a better option: International Business Machines (NYSE:IBM), NRG Yield (NYSE:NYLD), and The Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). A lot to like about Big Blue Tim Green (International Business Machines): As my biggest holding, IBM is right at the top of the list of my favorite stocks. The company is undergoing a multiyear transformation, investing heavily in areas like cloud computing, analytics, and artificial intelligence. At the same time, it is deemphasizing or selling off legacy businesses where growth prospects are poor. The net result has been years of revenue and profit declines. Image source: International Business Machines media gallery. With IBM expecting to grow adjusted earnings per share (EPS) in 2017, a turning point has finally been reached. The company's strategic imperatives, comprised of all of its growth business, now account for 41% of total revenue, and the cloud computing business generated $13.7 billion of sales last year. Cloud products delivered as a service are now at an $8.6 billion annual run rate, growing by 61% in 2016. There are a lot of moving parts, and revenue still hasn't returned to growth, but it's clear that IBM is making progress. While the stock has surged over the past year, IBM is still a solid value. With adjusted EPS of $13.80 expected in 2017, IBM stock trades for less than 13 times earnings. In a market where the S&P 500 sports a trailing P/E ratio of nearly 27, IBM is certainly worth a look. A solid dividend from renewable energy Travis Hoium (NRG Yield): If you're looking at an energy dividend stock like Kinder Morgan, you should take a look at yield companies. And NRG Yield, in particular, is a great yieldco for investors in today's market.  The company owns a small number of fossil fuel assets, but most of its assets are wind and solar projects that have long-term contracts to sell energy to utilities. This gives NRG Yield a consistent source of cash, most of which is then used to pay shareholders a dividend.  At 6.3%, the dividend yield is nearly triple Kinder Morgan's dividend and still has room to grow. Yieldcos are structured in a way that will allow them to issue new shares and debt in order to buy more renewable energy projects. And with one of the lowest yields in the industry, NRG Yield can buy projects on the open market that will be accretive to the dividend over the long term.  The company's sponsor, NRG Energy, is also a source of new projects. NRG Energy bought 1.5 GW of projects from bankrupt SunEdison, and those projects could be dropped down to the yieldco as they become operational. When it comes to dividend stocks, NRG Yield is among the best in the energy industry today because of its strong yield and growth potential. A soaring dividend Daniel Miller (The Boeing Co): With oil prices in flux and a more intense focus on Kinder Morgan's balance sheet, dividend investors might be better off looking for other companies to invest in. One company that should be at the top of that potential list is Boeing. Boeing has consistently bumped up its dividend payment to shareholders, and in December increased the quarterly dividend by 30%, to $1.42 per share -- that's a healthy 3.1% yield. As you can see in the graph below, Boeing's dividend payout has accelerated in recent years.  BA data by YCharts. In addition to a healthy dividend, Boeing's forecast for commercial aircraft over the next three decades is strong. Between 2016 and 2035, the company anticipates total demand to require more than 39,000 commercial aircraft valued at roughly $5.9 trillion -- and Boeing is poised to capture its fair share of that growth. And if investors want reassurance rather than 20-year forecasts, Boeing has that, too. Its backlog of more than 5,700 commercial aircraft provides a top-line revenue safety net -- worth roughly five years of revenue -- which few, if any, companies can rival. If you're looking for a dividend that's safer than Kinder Morgan's and steadily increasing, look no further than this aircraft juggernaut.  Daniel Miller has no position in any stocks mentioned. Timothy Green owns shares of IBM. Travis Hoium owns shares of Kinder Morgan. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Kinder Morgan. The Motley Fool owns shares of NRG Energy. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Miller, Travis Hoium, and Timothy Green (TMFTwoCoins) As a Motley Fool Industrial Specialist, I use my marketing and business background in the automotive industry to evaluate major automakers and other large industrial corporations. Follow me on twitter for tweets about stocks, cars, sports, and anything I find amusing. Follow @DanielMillerTMF Article Info Mar 20, 2017 at 12:03PM Industrials Stocks IBM NYSE:IBM $174.00 down $0.78 (-0.45%) Boeing NYSE:BA $177.20 up $0.22 (0.12%) NRG Yield NYSE:NYLD $16.75 no change (0.00%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report SpaceX Goes Head to Head With Boeing and Lockheed -- and Crushes the Competition Lockheed Beware: Boeing Gives Navy a Cut-Price Deal on New Fighter Jets Boeing 737 and Airbus A320 Production Increases Are Coming -- Even With Slowing Orders Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
search G Front News Comment Features MARKET ECONOMY ENERGY HEALTHCARE IT REAL ESTATE START UPS AEROSPACE & DEFENSE CHEMICALS & PLASTICS FINANCIAL SERVICES MERGERS & ACQUISITIONS POLITICS TELECOMS, MEDIA & MARKETING TOURISM TRANSPORT & INFRASTRUCTURE WATER Front > News Air Europa to double Israel flights 3 Jerusalem urban renewal projects approved Netflix plans Hebrew content broadcasts 20 Mar, 2017 16:49 Michal Raz-Chaimovich Boeing 787 Dreamliners will be used for the Tel Aviv - Madrid flights. Spanish airline Air Europa is stepping up the frequency of its flights on the Tel Aviv-Madrid route to six weekly flights, the company announced at a press conference late last week. The airline is thereby doubling its number of seats on the route. The route will use Boeing 787 Dreamliners for route, Boeing's newest model, which is usually used in trans-Atlantic flights (on United Airlines flights to the US, for example). The additional flights will be on Tuesdays and Thursdays, starting in July 2017. Ana Travesi, sales manager at Air Europa, which is represented in Israel by TAL aviation, says that since the beginning of the year, the number of the company's passengers on the route from Israel has risen by 47%, making it necessary to increase the frequency of flights. "We started our activity in Israel a year ago, and we are glad that the company has exceeded our expectations and forecasts for the following year. As part of the growth engine, we decided to increase our capacity on the route to Israel by 50%, and the use of Dreamliners shows our support and confidence in the Israel market." Many of the passengers with the carrier continue on from Madrid to other destinations, mainly in Central and South America, such as Buenos Aires, Sao Paolo, Bogota, Havana, and others. Prices start at $340 for flights from Tel Aviv to Madrid (during the summer), $440 for flights to Ibiza (on a connection flight). Prices for flights from Tel Aviv to Sao Paolo via Madrid start at $710, prices for flights to Bogota, Colombia start at $720, etc. Published by Globes [online], Israel Business News - www.globes-online.com - on March 20, 2017 © Copyright of Globes Publisher Itonut (1983) Ltd. 2017 5 Comments View comments in rows Update by email about comments talkback POST Comments Your name Please insert your name Content Your comment Thanks You comment was recieved and soon will be published. In posting comments, I agree to abide by the Terms of Use Globes encourages lively and frank debate, but posts that the editors consider merely abusive or otherwise inappropriate will be removed. Report inappropriate content POST Thank you for posting your comment, which will be reviewed for publication. Whith Chaining Without chaining Customer recommended Loading Comments... Load more comments   נושאים למעקב >> Air Europa Photo: PR Front News Comment Features Market Newsletters RSS Israel Resources עברית Globes Conferences International Advertising About Support Powered by UI & Design By Application delivery by © Globes. All rights reserved. Twitter Facebook Linkedin RSS Newsletters גלובס Israel Business Conference 2016
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: 4 Stocks at 52-Week Highs That Are Still Worth Buying Today These stocks may look expensive, but they're actually good deals. Timothy Green, Dan Caplinger, Matthew DiLallo, and Brian Feroldi (TMFBargainBin) Mar 20, 2017 at 8:42AM Just because a stock is trading near its 52-week high doesn't necessarily mean it's expensive. We asked four of our contributors to each discuss a stock that fits that description. Here's why Boeing (NYSE:BA), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT), Celgene (NASDAQ:CELG), and Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ) are good buys despite their elevated stock prices. This stock could keep flying higher Dan Caplinger (Boeing): Boeing has had an extremely impressive run over the past several years, and when you look at its core customer base, it's easy to understand why. The aerospace giant has benefited dramatically from the fact that the airline industry in the U.S. has largely recovered from decades of poor performance, and consolidation within the industry has left the remaining players leaner and more efficient than they have been in the past. That in turn has made airlines profitable and better able to afford long-term investments in their businesses, making the more fuel-efficient new models from Boeing exceedingly popular. For years, Boeing has received orders that have dramatically outpaced its capacity to produce aircraft, forcing customers to wait years before expecting delivery. Image source: Boeing. The election of President Trump was a key catalyst in starting a new wave of growth for Boeing stock, because the Republican's attitude toward geopolitics has emphasized the need for a strong U.S. military that many see as boosting the defense contractor business broadly. Although some investors have become slightly skeptical about the president's ability to implement all of the administration's priorities as quickly as some would like, Boeing currently is in an enviable position atop its industry. As long as conditions remain favorable in both the commercial aerospace and the defense segments, Boeing has the potential for truly stellar growth. A big e-commerce push Tim Green (Wal-Mart Stores): Retail behemoth Wal-Mart isn't too far off from its 52-week high, with the stock buoyed recently by blockbuster e-commerce results. During the fourth quarter, Wal-Mart's U.S. e-commerce sales soared 29% year over year, with gross merchandise value climbing 36.1%. These numbers include both Jet.com, which Wal-Mart acquired last year, and sales from the company's online grocery pick-up service. Wal-Mart is still far behind Amazon.com when it comes to e-commerce, but the company has gotten far more aggressive. The recent move to offer free two-day shipping on orders above $35, which easily trumped Amazon's non-Prime free shipping offer and forced the e-commerce giant to backtrack, is a clear sign that Wal-Mart is willing to sacrifice profits in the short term to catch up to the tech titan. Wal-Mart stock isn't all that cheap, trading for around 16 times the company's earnings guidance for 2017. But the company's stores are doing well, reporting consistent comparable-sales growth in a retail environment that is proving difficult for many of its competitors. The e-commerce push isn't going to be cheap, with shoppers expecting fast shipping and low prices. But ignoring e-commerce and ceding market share to Amazon is no longer an option. While shares of Wal-Mart are near their 52-week high, the company's strategy looks like the right one, and the valuation is reasonable. Despite its run, this growth stock is still cheap Brian Feroldi (Celgene): Biotech giant Celgene has been on a nice run over the past few months, and it's currently flirting with its 52-week high. Despite its run, I still think that it is a great time for growth investors to consider getting in.  Celgene's long-term success can be traced to the massive growth in sales of Revlimid, its top-selling drug that is used to treat blood cancer. Sales topped $6.9 billion last year, making it one of the best-selling drugs on the planet. However, Celgene also boasts a number of other drugs that are churning out billions in revenue and helping to drive growth. This includes the autoimmune disease drug Otezla, the blood cancer drug Pomalyst/Imnovid, and the breast, lung, and pancreatic cancer drug Abraxane. When combined, these drugs allowed the company to pull in more than $11 billion in sales last year, which was up 22% over the prior year.  Like any great biotech stock, Celgene also has a pipeline that is bursting with potential. While it has more than a dozen drugs in development, the one that I have my eye on is ozanimod. This product was brought into Celgene's pipeline from its $7.2 billion purchase of Receptos and promises to become a multibillion-dollar blockbuster in treating diseases like multiple sclerosis and several other autoimmune diseases. In total, management is so confident in its current product line and pipeline that it has stuck its neck out and projected that sales and earnings per share in 2020 will exceed $21 billion and $13, respectively. If true, that suggests that this company's top and bottom lines will expand by digits annually from here. And yet, despite its long history of success, burgeoning pipeline, and public commitment to double-digit growth, shares can still be purchased for roughly 13 times forward earnings. For a high-quality growth business like this, I'd argue that's a bargain. A great company at a fair price Matt DiLallo (Johnson & Johnson): Shares of healthcare giant Johnson & Johnson have been on fire recently, jumping about 10% over the past month to a new 52-week high. However, its recent surge didn't stop me from adding this top-quality stock to my portfolio. That's because this is a top-notch company that is actually trading at a fair price both historically and against the market. Currently selling for around 21 times earnings, J&J's recent rise only has it trading slightly above its five-year average multiple of about 20 times earnings. That's noteworthy because the stock's P/E ratio had largely matched the S&P 500 over the past five years. However, the index's post-election rally now has it selling for 26.5 times earnings, which makes J&J seem cheap on a relative basis. That seems like a more than fair price to pay for a fantastic business like J&J. Not only does the company sell some of the best-known consumer brands like its iconic Johnson's baby products as well as health and wellness products like Listerine, Band-Aid, and Tylenol, but it is a leader in both the medical device and pharmaceutical industries. These businesses combine to generate gobs of free cash flow each year, most of which the company returns to investors, including $8.6 billion in dividends last year and $7.5 billion of share repurchases since late 2015. In many ways, J&J is a classic Warren Buffett-type investment because it is a wonderful business that's selling at a fair price. Because of that, investors shouldn't pass on the opportunity to buy this stock just because its current price is at the highest level of the year.  Brian Feroldi owns shares of AMZN and Celgene. Dan Caplinger owns shares of Boeing. Matt DiLallo owns shares of AMZN, Celgene, and Johnson and Johnson. Matt DiLallo has the following options: long January 2019 $55 calls on Wal-Mart Stores and short June 2017 $70 calls on Wal-Mart Stores. Timothy Green has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends AMZN, Celgene, and Johnson and Johnson. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Timothy Green, Dan Caplinger, Matthew DiLallo, and Brian Feroldi (TMFBargainBin) Tim writes about technology and consumer goods stocks for The Motley Fool. He's a value investor at heart, doing his best to avoid hyped-up nonsense. Follow him on Twitter: Follow @TMFBargainBin Article Info Mar 20, 2017 at 8:42AM Health Care Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $177.03 up $0.05 (0.03%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $70.25 no change (0.00%) Johnson and Johnson NYSE:JNJ $126.26 no change (0.00%) Celgene NASDAQ:CELG $123.31 down $0.06 (-0.05%) Read More Obamacare and Wal-Mart Whack Part-Timers' Health Plans Boeing Flies High, but the Dow Can't Escape the Red Better Buy: CVS Health Corporation vs. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Marijuana's Expansion Could Turn Into a Nightmare for Employers Why We're Excited About These 5 Top Stocks Obamacare's Cadillac Tax: What It Means for You Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Clark Talks: Podcast discusses dangers to kids online Washington to consider Oregon’s Columbia River salmon reforms Guide fined for cutting fins off wild coho Researchers: Columbia spring chinook forecast might be too high Columbia River fishing report 3/23 Workers needed for Cape Horn trail Gifford Pinchot National Forest snow report 3/23 Weather Eye: Rain, ‘March mudness’ not letting up yet State of City address scheduled for March 30 C-Tran board approves land buy near its headquarters Landslide unstable; Highway 503 span closed through spring State Highway 503 at the northeast end of Lake Merwin will remain closed through the spring due to an active… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Washington to consider Oregon’s Columbia River salmon reforms Guide fined for cutting fins off wild coho Researchers: Columbia spring chinook forecast might be too high Columbia River fishing report 3/23 Workers needed for Cape Horn trail Gifford Pinchot National Forest snow report 3/23 Prep Baseball: Strong senior class has B.G. thinking big Humble Hot Prospect: Isaiah Smith not letting pro forecasts get to his head High school scoreboard, March 23 Oberg steps down as Washougal basketball coach Humble Hot Prospect: Isaiah Smith not letting pro forecasts get to his head BATTLE GROUND — Baseball America, which prides itself on covering America’s pastime at just about every level, has named a… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Local roasting company Relevant Coffee opens cafe in Uptown Village Lessons from Yahoo hack: Simple tips to safeguard your email Nike declines; sales slowdown scrutinized Airlines expect March, April to set records Google Maps already tracks you; now other people can, too Sears: ‘Substantial doubt’ about future Washington unemployment rate drops to 4.9 percent Push to sow wildflowers backfires, brings criticism to General Mills Singletary: Personal testament to value of Medicaid General Mills sales drop faster than expected Nike declines; sales slowdown scrutinized Nike dropped in early trading after third-quarter sales missed estimates, giving fuel to critics who say it’s losing ground to… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Pack rats, minimalists find peace Snowdrops, snowflakes cool for gardens Deaf students thrill to vibrations of whales Weeds, meet your new worst enemy: Black tarps Energy Adviser: Soil content critical for native plants Faux can be friend, not foe Controlling weeds starts with the seeds Researcher says when planet gets hot, animals get smaller Butterbeer ice cream hitting shelves for Harry Potter fans Affordable housing projects dot 1-mile stretch of Fourth Plain Snowdrops, snowflakes cool for gardens This warm winter has not only confused plants into bearing flowers way ahead of normal, it has been troublesome for… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Sunshine Worth Price Parker: Gorsuch nomination Trump’s most redeeming act Letter: Choose light over deception Letter: News must be fake, right? Letter: Nothing wrong with being average Letter: No need to spend big on genes Letter: Crack down on litter Letter: Be careful who you call ugly In Our View: Pot News a Mixed Bag Camden: Price of car tab taxes in Seattle prompts familiar outrage Editorial Cartoons March 19-25 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Affordable housing projects dot 1-mile stretch of Fourth Plain Everybody Has a Story: Surprise storm turns walk home into near-tragedy Furry Friends receives emergency medical grant Rotarians hold shoe drive for Roosevelt students Clark College journalists score awards at conference Neighbors honor retiring mail carrier Orchards teacher earns Educator of the Year You can help Grant flies in coconuts to help students study Mardi Gras Florist heads to D.C. to speak for flowers County still chipping at nuisance property in Orchards A years-long effort to bring the nuisance house across the street from Covington Middle School back into compliance is now… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Sharp slowdown seen in orders for big planes By Dominic Gates, The Seattle Times Published: March 20, 2017, 6:00 AM A   A SAN DIEGO, Calif. — The major players who buy airplanes painted a gloomy picture earlier this month for sales of big jets over the next few years, with global airlines facing a glut in capacity and pressure to lower fares. Steve Rimmer, chief executive of Issaquah-based airplane lessor Altavair, who manages more than 30 leased twin-aisle jets, half of them 777s, said the availability of used airplanes coming off lease adds to a growing glut of large aircraft after multiple years of massive orders for new widebody jets. “There’s a fire burning in the widebody market,” Rimmer said. It’s bad timing for Boeing, which desperately needs to sell more new 777s and is also trying to drum up sales for the upcoming 777X. Boeing’s star widebody jet, the 777-300ER, was first delivered in 2004. With many of those sold on typical 12-year leases, the first round of 12- and 13-year-old used jets are just now coming off lease and onto the market, Rimmer said. In the record sales years of 2012 and 2013, Airbus and Boeing together won more than 2,800 net airplane orders. Last year, total sales were half that. At the annual conference of the International Society of Transport Aircraft Trading in San Diego — a gathering of aviation financiers along with executives of airplane lessors and major airlines — Airbus sales chief John Leahy projected that total sales this year for both manufacturers will be down another 30 percent to less than 1,000 jets. Bertrand Grabowski, a former aviation banker who now consults for airplane-finance companies in the United States, Europe and the Middle East, said “too many aircraft have been ordered to be delivered at the same time.” He sees a glut of widebody jets serving the Middle East and Europe, with airlines competing against one another for the same passenger traffic. Even Emirates, the giant Dubai-based carrier that is the world’s biggest customer for both Boeing 777s and Airbus A380 superjumbo jets, isn’t immune. Although it has successfully squeezed the big European, Asian and Australian legacy carriers for years, it is lowering fares and seeing its profit crimped. Grabowski said Emirates now faces fierce competition from Turkish Airlines as well as the other big Gulf carriers, Qatar Airlines and Etihad of Abu Dhabi. He’s also worried that too many single-aisle jets have been ordered in Southeast Asia. Both Boeing customer Lion Air and Airbus customer AirAsia may not take all the airplanes they have on order — more than 400 each. Grabowski said the last few years have been perfect for the aviation business, with growing passenger traffic, low fuel prices and cheap capital, but he senses the good times cannot last much longer. He’s advising investors to wait six months in anticipation of a fall in jet pricing that he foresees bringing major losses for some in the industry. “We are at the end of something,” Grabowski said. In a keynote presentation at ISTAT, revered aviation economist Adam Pilarski of the consulting firm Avitas expressed similar worry. With the current unpredictable political situation in the U.S. and Europe creating a “changing and scary” world, along with the prospect of rising interest rates and the airplane-capacity glut, Pilarski said “there’s a much higher probability of the bubble bursting.” On a positive note, world air traffic continues to grow unabated. In January, the International Air Transport Association reported global passenger traffic rose 9.6 percent in January compared with a year earlier, the strongest increase in more than five years. Aengus Kelly, chief executive of AerCap, the world’s largest lessor, pointed out at ISTAT that every year in Asia, another “100 million people are getting on a plane for the first time.” He said the inexorable rise of middle classes with money to travel in emerging economies such as China and India mean that the long-term future of the aviation business is assured. It’s the near term that’s troubling. Bob Genise, who ran multiple airplane lessors in his career — including a major Gulf leasing company that ordered hundreds of new jets — now heads AerGen, a Bellevue-based lessor specializing in midlife used jets. He said savvy airplane lessors who are careful with the deals they make can still make money even in today’s tight market. But it’s going to be tougher in this environment for Airbus and Boeing to sell their shiny lines of new-technology airplanes — the A320neo, A330neo, A350, 737 MAX, 787-10, and 777X — which are all very expensive. “I’m happy to be out of the new-airplane business right now,” Genise said. The most immediate impact for Boeing is on the 777. The jet maker has already announced it will reduce deliveries of the current 777s from 100 a year last year to just over 40 in 2018. But how soon after the 777X comes on line in 2020 will Boeing ramp that production line in Everett back up again? Not soon. The agreement announced last month by Singapore Airlines to buy 20 Boeing 777Xs was the first order for the jet in 20 months. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Army Technology News, views and contacts from the global Army industry Log in or Register Vehicles Vehicles Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Global Defence Technology: Issue 72 Analysis Explosives detection: the world’s first sniffer drone Explosives detection: the world’s first sniffer drone Soldier Systems Soldier Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis Repair and protect: damage detection for soldier safety Repair and protect: damage detection for soldier safety Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Global Defence Technology: Issue 71 Analysis The next generation of wearable sensors for frontline troops The next generation of wearable sensors for frontline troops C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Analysis Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Is a new cold war brewing in the Arctic? Analysis The next generation of wearable sensors for frontline troops The next generation of wearable sensors for frontline troops Ordnance Ordnance Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Projects RPG-32 (Nash-Shab) Anti-Tank Weapon System RPG-32 (Nash-Shab) Anti-Tank Weapon System Logistics Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis The EU’s new non-combatant army The EU’s new non-combatant army Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis One Atlas: the worlds most advanced satellite imagery library One Atlas: the worlds most advanced satellite imagery library Analysis Timeline: 100 years of tanks Timeline: 100 years of tanks Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Rolls-Royce row: could a weak UK defence budget force a British icon to leave the sector? Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 68 Global Defence Technology: Issue 68 Analysis Inside ASDOT: the UK MoD’s new fighter trainer Inside ASDOT: the UK MoD’s new fighter trainer Security Security Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Under the skin of a made-for-military microgrid Analysis Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Build and rebuild: Germany's future defence strategy Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Global Defence Technology: Issue 69 Analysis Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Comment » Analysis Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Global Defence Technology: Issue 73 Analysis Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Trends in protected mobility: insights from the International Armoured Vehicles conference Analysis US defence under Trump: what can we expect? US defence under Trump: what can we expect? Analysis The critical importance of NATO communications The critical importance of NATO communications Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers VirTra - Firearms and Training Simulators for Military Agencies Firearms and Training Simulators for Military Agencies Suppliers MineWolf - Manned and Unmanned Platforms for Mine Clearance Manned and Unmanned Platforms for Mine Clearance Suppliers PCO SA - Optoelectronic Devices and Laser Systems for the Defence Industry Optoelectronic Devices and Laser Systems for the Defence Industry Suppliers FN HERSTAL - Firearms Tradition and Technological Innovation Firearms Tradition and Technological Innovation Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Comment » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On Mar 17 2017 Boeing wins $3.4bn contract to deliver 268 AH-64E Apache helicopters Boeing has secured a $3.4bn contract from the US Government to deliver AH-64E Apache helicopters to the US Army and Saudi Arabia. Under the terms of the contract, the army will procure 244 remanufactured Apache helicopters while the foreign military sales contract requires the company to deliver 24 new Apaches to Saudi Arabia. Boeing Attack Helicopters vice-president and programme manager Kim Smith said: “The Apache has made a tremendous impact in the defence of the nations that have flown it for the last 37 years. “Our team understands the responsibility we have to deliver the best aircraft on time at an affordable price every day, and we are committed to maintaining that well-established tradition of excellence.” Under the contract, Boeing will provide remanufactured and new-build aircraft, Longbow crew simulators, ground support equipment, and spare parts, as well as integrated logistics support and engineering services. According to the US Department of Defense, work will be performed in Mesa, Arizona, with completion expected by June 2022. "The Apache has made a tremendous impact in the defence of the nations that have flown it for the last 37 years." To date, seven customers outside the US have ordered the Apache 'E' variant. The Apache attack helicopters are equipped with laser and infrared systems, as well as target acquisition designation sights / pilot night-vision sensors to locate, track, and attack targets. The helicopter can be armed with a combination of laser-guided precision Hellfire missiles, 70mm rockets, and a 30mm automatic cannon with up to 1,200 high-explosive, dual-purpose ammunition rounds. Powered by two high-performance turboshaft engines, Apache has a maximum cruise speed of 284km/h. Image: An AH-64E Apache. Photo: courtesy of US Army. Share Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest army industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.army-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2017 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News MasTec, Inc. (MTZ) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Andrew Murstein Purchases 5,000 Shares of Medallion Financial Corp (MFIN) Stock Insider Buying: Urstadt Biddle Properties Inc (UBP) Insider Acquires $11,599.00 in Stock Insider Buying: Westbury Bancorp Inc (WBB) Director Purchases $11,822.00 in Stock Bayer AG (BAYRY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research iShares NASDAQ Biotechnology Index (IBB) Upgraded to Overweight by Credit Suisse Group AG IHS Markit Ltd (INFO) Given “Overweight” Rating at Piper Jaffray Companies iRobot Co. (IRBT) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Esperion Therapeutics Inc (ESPR) Given New $77.00 Price Target at Citigroup Inc Kirkland's, Inc. (KIRK) Upgraded to Hold by Zacks Investment Research Weekly Research Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Transcontinental (TCL.A) Supergroup Plc, Cheltenham (SEPGY) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” Insider Selling: Cheesecake Factory Inc (CAKE) VP Sells $18,852.00 in Stock Pioneer Natural Resources (PXD) Upgraded to Buy at Mizuho Swift Transportation Co (SWFT) Upgraded to Buy at Longbow Research Universal Display Co. (OLED) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Karyopharm Therapeutics Inc (KPTI) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Hold” CVB Financial Corp. (CVBF) Upgraded to Buy by Zacks Investment Research China Shenhua Energy – (CSUAY) Upgraded to “Hold” at Zacks Investment Research Insider Buying: Kingsway Financial Services Inc. (KFS) Director Buys 5,000 Shares of Stock 2,666 Shares in Boeing Co (BA) Acquired by Parallel Advisors LLC March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Parallel Advisors LLC purchased a new position in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the fourth quarter, according to its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission. The institutional investor purchased 2,666 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $415,000. A number of other large investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Williams Jones & Associates LLC boosted its stake in Boeing by 22.6% in the second quarter. Williams Jones & Associates LLC now owns 6,173 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $802,000 after buying an additional 1,138 shares during the period. Lynch & Associates IN boosted its stake in Boeing by 34.6% in the third quarter. Lynch & Associates IN now owns 17,315 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $2,281,000 after buying an additional 4,447 shares during the period. Norman Fields Gottscho Capital Management LLC purchased a new stake in Boeing during the third quarter worth about $237,000. Eqis Capital Management Inc. boosted its stake in Boeing by 42.3% in the third quarter. Eqis Capital Management Inc. now owns 4,620 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $609,000 after buying an additional 1,373 shares during the period. Finally, BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA boosted its stake in Boeing by 451.4% in the third quarter. BNP Paribas Arbitrage SA now owns 457,826 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $60,314,000 after buying an additional 374,794 shares during the period. Institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 180.10 on Monday. Boeing Co has a 12-month low of $122.35 and a 12-month high of $185.71. The firm has a market cap of $110.31 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.67 and a beta of 1.08. The stock’s 50 day moving average is $173.49 and its 200 day moving average is $152.07. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 EPS for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The company earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.25 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.60 EPS. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts expect that Boeing Co will post $9.30 earnings per share for the current year. Your IP Address: A number of equities research analysts have issued reports on BA shares. Vetr cut shares of Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $142.21 price target for the company. in a report on Thursday, November 24th. Deutsche Bank AG upped their price target on shares of Boeing from $165.00 to $175.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Monday, December 5th. Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and set a $165.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a report on Tuesday, December 13th. Argus upped their price target on shares of Boeing to $185.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a report on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co restated an “overweight” rating on shares of Boeing in a report on Thursday, December 15th. Seven investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $159.08. In related news, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 2,000 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction dated Monday, January 30th. The shares were sold at an average price of $165.39, for a total transaction of $330,780.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, Vice Chairman Raymond L. Conner sold 96,174 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction dated Wednesday, February 1st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.72, for a total transaction of $15,745,607.28. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 95,852 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $15,692,889.44. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold a total of 206,827 shares of company stock valued at $34,170,203 in the last ninety days. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Sanctuary Cities Being Named by Trump Administration FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← The Partisan For The First Time Ever, The Federal Government Is Referring To Marijuana As Medicine → Boeing’s first overseas factory to be built in China’s Zhoushan- American Trade Deficit Set to Skyrocket Posted on March 20, 2017 by Paul The China Money Report – by D Collins The most important line item supporting the U.S. current account trade numbers has been Boeing aircraft. The large export revenue earned by Boeing has helped keep the U.S. trade deficit at only a $500 Billion Dollar annual deficit. Of course China is developing their own competitor to Boeing and Airbus and the price of selling aircraft in China is to teach them how to do it. With the announcement of Boeing now building complete aircraft and parts in China we can expect the U.S. trade deficit to skyrocket.   Xinhua News BOEING and Chinese aviation manufacturer Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Ltd.(COMAC) will start to build a Boeing 737 completion center in eastern China’s Zhoushan city at the end of March, scheduled to make its first delivery in 2018. This is Boeing’s first overseas facility as part of its 737 production system, and designed to deliver 100 Boeing 737 planes a year. In the joint-venture completion center, Boeing’s 737 aircraft will be installed with flight entertainment systems and seats. The plant in Zhoushan, 287 km southeast of Shanghai, also provides services such as coating, repair and maintenance of Boeing aircraft. Boeing and COMAC signed an agreement in October 2016 to set up the Zhoushan plant, which will consist of two parts: the 737 completion center, a joint venture of Boeing and COMAC, and the 737 delivery center owned by Boeing. Construction of the delivery center will also start at the end of March. To accommodate aircraft manufacturing in Zhoushan, Putuoshan Airport in the city is undergoing a 750 million yuan (US$108 million) expansion to become an international airport. In addition to supporting Boeing, the aviation base in Zhoushan will also develop an entire industrial chain for aircraft manufacturing, with the capacity of assembling, delivering and modifying 600 aircraft a year by 2025. Zhoushan is an archipelago and island city in Zhejiang Province, which has the largest fishery in China and boasts strong shipbuilding, tourism and service industries. The China Money Report Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 407 ← The Partisan For The First Time Ever, The Federal Government Is Referring To Marijuana As Medicine → Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Enemy of the State on Mainstream Media Finally Exposes Elite Pedophile Rings in a Horrifying Episode of Dr. Phil tc on 4 Killed Including A Police Officer In Wisconsin Kantucky on Poll for the Patriots in the Trenches. Bill in IL on Media Touts A New Study Blaming Diabetes Epidemic On Global Warming Millard on 75 year-old Vietnam vet charged with deserting from US military 45 years ago markww on Maryland Girl, 14, Raped by Older Illegal Aliens at School Bill in IL on Maryland Girl, 14, Raped by Older Illegal Aliens at School Bill in IL on Mainstream Media Finally Exposes Elite Pedophile Rings in a Horrifying Episode of Dr. Phil Bill in IL on 4 Killed Including A Police Officer In Wisconsin Enemy of the State on 4 Killed Including A Police Officer In Wisconsin tc on Coulter: Trump Administration Starting to Look Like Every Other GOP Administration — Get Back to Immigration, Jobs, Trade tc on Mainstream Media Finally Exposes Elite Pedophile Rings in a Horrifying Episode of Dr. Phil Kantucky on Maryland Girl, 14, Raped by Older Illegal Aliens at School tc on Netanyahu to Putin: Israeli airstrikes in Syria will continue Rockledge on North Korea Missile Test “Explodes Within Seconds” Of Launch As Tensions Simmer tc on Medicare – Part G – Nursing Home Plan flek on Netanyahu to Putin: Israeli airstrikes in Syria will continue Angel-NYC on Medicare – Part G – Nursing Home Plan Stanley on Poll for the Patriots in the Trenches. Angel-NYC on Ed Snowden Drops the Hammer on James Comey Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2017 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR . . Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY JAPAN NEWS 9th Wideband Global SATCOM satellite expands military communications capabilities of US and Allies by Staff Writers Cape Canaveral FL (SPX) Mar 21, 2017 An artist rendering of a Boeing-built WGS block II satellite. Boeing's ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS) satellite is now in orbit where it will provide the United States and six allied nations with increased communications capabilities to prevent, protect against and respond to attacks. The WGS-9 satellite was funded through an agreement between the United States and Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and New Zealand, and will also serve Australia (which funded the WGS-6 satellite). Each partner country gains access to the capabilities provided by the full WGS system, which include flexible and secure communication transmissions in the X- and Ka-band frequencies. "This unique international collaboration increases military interoperability and expands affordable high-data-rate communications for U.S. and allied partners around the globe," said Rico Attanasio, executive director, Boeing Department of Defense/Civil Satellite Programs. "WGS-9 is among the most capable military communication satellites on orbit today." WGS-9 launched on a United Launch Alliance Delta IV rocket. Boeing is on contract for 10 WGS satellites, the last of which is tentatively scheduled for launch in 2018. The eighth, ninth and tenth WGS satellites include upgraded digital channelizers that nearly double the available bandwidth of earlier satellites in the series. 45th SW supports successful Delta IV WGS-9 launch The U.S. Air Force's 45th Space Wing supported United Launch Alliance's successful launch of the WGS-9 spacecraft aboard a ULA Delta IV rocket from Space Launch Complex 37 here March 18, 2017, at 8:18 p.m. ET. The Air Force has been breaking barriers since 1947 and the successful WGS-9 launch marks an important occasion for the Wideband constellation as it is a major milestone in a 20-year multilateral partnership. In January 2012, the United States, Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and New Zealand signed a multilateral Memorandum of Understanding with the United States, agreeing to fund the procurement of the ninth WGS satellite. The U.S. is responsible for funding the launch, operation and sustainment of WGS-9. International partners will receive a proportional share of the bandwidth provided by the WGS constellation based on financial contribution. The WGS constellation is the highest-capacity military communications system in the U.S. Department of Defense arsenal. WGS supports a wide variety of missions for Combatant Commanders around the world to perform missions, from search and rescue efforts to military operations. Air Force Space Command's Space and Missile Systems Center is the Air Force's center for acquiring and developing military space systems. The addition of WGS-9 to the constellation will increase speed, reliability, and effectiveness for the warfighter, which enables the U.S. and international partners to more efficiently coordinate on missions in the air, on land and by sea. According to Brig. Gen. Wayne Monteith, 45th Space Wing commander and mission Launch Decision Authority, the fourth major launch operation on the Eastern Range this year, and second successful launch in just two and a half days, culminates many long hours and hard work by the entire mission team. "Thanks to the amazing commitment, focus on the mission, and teamwork the men and women of the 45th Space Wing share with our mission partners at SMC and ULA, we successfully launched the next satellite in the WGS constellation," he said. "This mission demonstrates the Air Force's commitment to deliver secure and reliable satellite communications around the globe to U.S. forces and our allies. It also once again showcases why the 45th Space Wing is the 'World's Premiere Gateway to Space.'" Aerojet Rocketdyne Supports ULA Launch of Wideband Global SATCOM Spacecraft for the U.S. Military Aerojet Rocketdyne played a major role in successfully launching and placing the ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) spacecraft into orbit for the U.S. military. The mission was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida aboard a United Launch Alliance (ULA) Delta IV rocket. Aerojet Rocketdyne propulsion systems included the RS-68A booster engine, the RL10B-2 upper-stage engine, 14 helium pressurization tanks, and a 100 lbf bipropellant apogee-raising engine aboard the WGS-9 spacecraft. "The WGS satellites provide critical communication capabilities for our nation's warfighters," said Aerojet Rocketdyne CEO and President Eileen Drake. "We are honored that our propulsion systems are called upon to place these critical payloads into orbit - payloads that will help protect our nation and allied forces." Aerojet Rocketdyne's role in the launch began when a single RS-68A engine ignited to boost the Delta IV off the pad, providing 702,000 pounds of lift-off thrust. The RS-68A is the world's most powerful liquid hydrogen/liquid oxygen engine. The RS-68 family of engines has now flown 35 commercial and government missions with 100 percent mission success. After the upper stage separated from the launch vehicle, a single RL10B-2 upper-stage engine ignited to place the payload into orbit. The RL10B-2 delivers 24,750 pounds of thrust to power the Delta IV upper stage, using cryogenic liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen propellants. The RL10B-2 was developed from the RL10 family of upper-stage engines, which has accumulated one of the most impressive track records of accomplishments in the history of space propulsion. More than 475 RL10 engines have supported launches over the last 50 years, playing a vital role in placing military, government and commercial satellites into orbit, and powering scientific space probes on every interplanetary mission in our solar system. ARDE, a subsidiary of Aerojet Rocketdyne based in New Jersey, manufactures the pressure vessels on the first and second stages of the launch vehicle. Once separated from the launch vehicle, WGS-9 will perform multiple burns on Aerojet Rocketdyne's High Performance Apogee Thruster (HiPAT) rocket engine to complete the orbit raising from Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit to its final geosynchronous orbital position. The HiPAT rocket engine has a 100 percent mission success track record spanning over 115 missions, including all WGS spacecraft. Tweet Delta IV rocket launches military communications satellite Cape Canaveral FL (UPI) Mar 19, 2017 A Delta IV rocket, carrying a $445 million U.S. military satellite, blasted off from Cape Canaveral, Fla., on Saturday after a 34-minute delay. The 22-story rocket, built and flown by United Launch Alliance, took off at from Launch Complex 37 at 8:18 p.m. EDT on Saturday evening, powered by a thrust of 1.7 million pounds. The delay was due to a problem with ULA ground support equipment. ... read more Related Links WGS at Boeing Read the latest in Military Space Communications Technology at SpaceWar.com Comment using your Disqus, Facebook, Google or Twitter login. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Share this article via these popular social media networks del.icio.us Digg Reddit Google Trump, NASA and a rare consensus: mission to Mars Russia to Build First New-Generation 'Federation' Spacecraft by 2021 COBALT Flight Demonstrations Fuse Technologies to Gain Precision Landing Results NASA Selects New Research Teams to Further Solar System Research N.Korea rocket test shows 'meaningful progress': South SpaceX cargo ship returns to Earth N. Korea's Kim hails engine test as 'new birth' for rocket industry Delayed European rocket launch to go ahead after strike Mars Volcano, Earth's Dinosaurs Went Extinct About the Same Time Does Mars Have Rings? Not Right Now, But Maybe One Day ExoMars: science checkout completed and aerobraking begins Mars Rover Tests Driving, Drilling and Detecting Life in Chile's High Desert China Develops Spaceship Capable of Moon Landing Long March-7 Y2 ready for launch of China's first cargo spacecraft China Seeks Space Rockets Launched from Airplanes Riding an asteroid: China's next space goal OneWeb Satellites breaks ground on high-volume satellite manufacturing facility Globalsat Sky and Space Global sign MoU for testing and offering satellite service in Latin America Start-Ups at the Final Frontier Russia probes murder of senior space official in jail The strangeness of slow dynamics How fullerite becomes harder than diamond Ecosystem For Near-Earth Space Control Why water splashes: New theory reveals secrets Operation of ancient biological clock uncovered Fossil or inorganic structure? Scientists dig into early life forms Gigantic Jupiter-type planet reveals insights into how planets evolve Visualizing debris disk "roller derby" to understand planetary system evolution Scientists make the case to restore Pluto's planet status ESA's Jupiter mission moves off the drawing board NASA Mission Named 'Europa Clipper' Juno Captures Jupiter Cloudscape in High Resolution Memory Foam Mattress Review SPACE MEDIA NETWORK PROMOTIONS Solar Energy Solutions Tempur-Pedic Mattress Comparison ... Newsletters :: SpaceDaily :: SpaceWar :: TerraDaily :: Energy Daily XML Feeds :: Space News :: Earth News :: War News :: Solar Energy News The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2017 - Space Media Network. All websites are published in Australia and are solely subject to Australian law and governed by Fair Use principals for news reporting and research purposes. AFP, UPI and IANS news wire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA news reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement, agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Breaking Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip The Arts Things to Do Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Pharma Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business The Street Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — Commercial Real Estate Boeing seeks $30 million grant for V-22 mod workshop in Ridley Park Updated: March 20, 2017 — 4:13 PM EDT Facebook icon 490Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Two Philly pizzerias make ‘Food & Wine’s’ list of 'Best Pizza Places' in U.S. about 1 hour ago Owner of iconic gay bar key to Philly DA case Mar 22 - 7:25 PM Close icon Shopping Cart icon David M Warren / Philadelphia Inquirer V-22 Osprey assembly line at the Boeing Plant, Ridley Park. by Jacob Adelman, STAFF WRITER Twitter icon @jacobadelman | Mail icon jadelman@phillynews.com Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @jacobadelman Phone icon 215-854-2615 Jacob Adelman Staff Writer Jacob Adelman covers property deals, retail trends and the hospitality business as the commercial real estate reporter. More by Jacob Adelman Dock Street Brewery to unveil new pub annex with canning line, tasting room Mar 22 Apartment building planned on former St. Joe's land near Overbrook Station Mar 22 Seven proposed medical-marijuana sites across Philadelphia get zoning approval Mar 21 More from Jacob Adelman Arrow icon The Boeing Co. is seeking a state grant to help transform a vacant industrial building at its Ridley Park manufacturing plant into a massive aircraft-modification workshop, saying the site may be overlooked for a lucrative, job-sustaining military contract if the facility isn’t constructed there. The Chicago-based aerospace firm is seeking $30 million in state redevelopment funds for the $64.9 million project at the Boeing Philadelphia complex in Delaware County, where it produces V-22 Osprey and CH-47 Chinook military aircraft, according to a grant application provided to the Inquirer. The renovated facility would be used to standardize V-22s that were manufactured with different features and specifications in separate production runs, according to the Redevelopment Assistance Capital Program grant application. Boeing is working with the U.S. Marine Corps “to increase the reliability and reduce the number of configurations of the V-22 Osprey,” the company wrote in the application. “Multiple configurations are negatively impacting our USMC customer’s ability to carry out missions.” Boeing’s proposal for the Ridley plant comes as production of the Osprey, which has been criticized over its cost and other issues, begins to taper, with orders for the aircraft winding down, said Richard Aboulafia, vice president for analysis at the Teal Group aerospace consultancy. As of the end of 2015, 320 Osprey units had been produced, with no more expected to be built beyond the 169 scheduled for completion through 2025, according to a Teal report. Boeing’s Ridley proposal “signals that the V-22 is transitioning from heavy production and toward maintenance and sustainment,” Aboulafia said. The V-22 was developed by Boeing and Fort Worth, Texas-based Bell Helicopter, a unit of Textron Inc., and first deployed in 2007 in Iraq, according to the Teal report. Its “tiltrotor” design allows it to take off and land vertically, like a conventional helicopter, but to fly like a turboprop airplane once aloft. A fiscal 2014 procurement request by the U.S. government pegged the V-22’s cost at $72.4 million apiece, Teal said. Boeing’s current proposal for the Ridley Park plant involves renovating what is now 230,000 square feet of unused factory space, according to its grant application. It comes as an apparent response to an August solicitation for the modification of about 255 aircraft from two separate production runs “to a common configuration” by the Naval Air Systems Command, which manages the V-22 program. Building the new modification facility would “generate significant economic employment over the next 10-20 years,” retaining or sustaining about 450 jobs, Boeing said in the state grant application. “The expected employment and economic impact will only be realized if the proposed manufacturing facility receives the necessary upgrades and improvements” to satisfy the military’s needs, Boeing wrote. Otherwise, “the program and associated jobs could be lost to our joint venture partner, Bell Helicopter in Texas.” Bell spokeswoman Ashley Moore did not respond to an email. Mike Tolassi, who represents about 1,400 of the Ridley Park complex’s roughly 4,000 workers as president of United Aerospace Workers Local 1069, said he is hoping the expansion will end the recurring job cuts at the facility. About 400 represented workers have left the complex through layoffs or buyouts since late 2015, with more cuts expected next month, Tolassi said. He blamed the reductions on shrinking orders for both Osprey and Chinook aircraft, as well as the transfer of some job functions to other plants. “Right now, we’re keeping our fingers crossed that we get potential new work so we can bring back our laid-off brothers and sisters and hire new people into the facility,” Tolassi said. Boeing spokeswoman Cindy Anderson declined to share additional details about the expansion plan. “As we recently did for our Chinook helicopter program, we are evaluating a series of modifications we can make to our Boeing Philadelphia facility in order to boost efficiency of our V-22 program and help sustain jobs,” she said in an email. The company invested $130 million into a renovated CH-47 Chinook manufacturing facility that opened in 2011, according to a news release at the time. The Ridley complex generates $135 million in annual economic impact for the state, according to the grant application.  Read more by Jacob Adelman Real Estate Tools Looking for a new home? Search Philadelphia real estate » Browse Recent Home Sales » Compare Philadelphia mortgage rates » Published: March 20, 2017 — 4:13 PM EDT Do you have a minute?... Over the past year, the Inquirer, the Daily News and Philly.com have uncovered corruption in local and state public offices, shed light on hidden and dangerous environmental risks, and deeply examined the region’s growing heroin epidemic. This is indispensable journalism, brought to you by the largest, most experienced newsroom in the region. Fact-based journalism of this caliber isn’t cheap. We need your support to keep our talented reporters, editors and photographers holding government accountable, looking out for the public interest, and separating fact from fiction. If you already subscribe, thank you. If not, please consider doing so by clicking on the button below. Subscriptions can be home delivered in print, or digitally read on nearly any mobile device or computer, and start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Transportation › What travel experts are saying about the airline electronics ban Labor and Unions › How ban-the-box rules help ex-offenders, hurt women, young people PhillyDeals › Art gifts: Shrinking DuPont donates Wyeths from ex-HQ, hotel Riverkeeper's suit against federal pipeline agency is dismissed A federal judge has dismissed the Delaware Riverkeeper Network’s suit alleging that a federal agency responsible for approving large... No property taxes, no problem: Study finds controversial abatement has been positive for Philly Art sales slipped worldwide in 2016 The global art market contracted for the second straight year in 2016, falling to the lowest level since the financial crisis as economic and... Nike, Sears give markets bad news on a mixed day NEW YORK - After a shaky start, U.S. stocks finished mostly higher Wednesday as technology and industrial companies rose. Banks fell with interest... Mounting debt, empty offices at Kushner tower The Manhattan tower co-owned by the family of Jared Kushner, President Trump's son-in-law, has been losing money for three years and faces increasing... PMN guild members vote down contract offer that would end seniority How defense lawyers would fight case against Williams Blue, red, urban, rural -- Pa. voters back help for ex-offenders Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Connect With Us Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Aircraft Design Advances in Manufacturing Vertical Flight New Civil Aircraft Leading Edge Commercial Aviation New Civil Aircraft From the Flight Deck Airline Fleets and Networks Airline Intel Aircraft Interiors Space Commercial Space Space Exploration In Orbit Defense Combat Aircraft Electronic Warfare Air Combat Safety Intelligence, Surveillance & Reconnaissance Vertical Flight Washington Outlook Military Trainers Business Aviation Vertical Flight Inside Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Aviation Week & Space Technology > Boeing 737, 787 Order Rewards Likely From Chinese Completion Center You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Boeing 737, 787 Order Rewards Likely From Chinese Completion Center Mar 21, 2017 Bradley Perrett | Aviation Week & Space Technology EMAIL Tweet Comments 1 Boeing’s biggest rewards for agreeing to set up a 737 completion center in China will come in the years ahead. But a taste is probably imminent, as an airline based in the same province prepares to order 737 MAX aircraft and sizes up 787s for another contract. By a happy coincidence for Boeing, Loong Air has the most aggressive expansion plan of any small airline in China and has the backing of a strong provincial government, auguring well for repeat orders. The carrier is close to ... SUBSCRIBE TO ACCESS THIS ARTICLE "Boeing 737, 787 Order Rewards Likely From Chinese Completion Center" is part of Aviation Week & Space Technology’s subscription package. Click “subscribe now” below to view your options.     Current Aviation Week & Space Technology magazine subscribers: simply use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).   Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access. SUBSCRIBE NOW Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 1 mtaub1@comcast.net on Mar 21, 2017 I'll be surprised if Boring gets a net profit out of all this. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing’s Chinese Completion Center Likely To Get 737, 787 Order Reward 19   Boeing Defines Final 737 MAX Stretch Offering 133   New Midsize Airplane Will Define Boeing's Technology Roadmap 123   Viewpoint: Airbus Should Build A Truly Long-Range 757 Replacement 72 Opinion: Boeing’s Single- Or Twin-Aisle Quandary 61   Aviation Week & Space Technology   Aviation Week & Space Technology delivers award-winning intelligence into emerging trends, programs and operational best practices to the global aviation, aerospace and defense industry. Subscribe   Advertisement Newsletter Signup Sign-up to receive our free newsletters Aviation Week newsletter - (Daily) View Sample E-mail: Country: Select countryUNITED STATESCANADAABU DHABIADENAFGHANISTANAL HUCEMAS ISALBANIAALGERIAANDAMAN ISANDORRAANGOLAANGUILLAANTIGUAARGENTINAARMENIAARUBAASCENSION ISAUSTRALIAAUSTRIAAZERBAIJANAZORES ISBAHAMASBAHRAINBANGLADESHBARBADOSBARBUDABELARUSBELEARIC ISBELGIUMBELIZEBENINBERMUDABHUTANBOLIVIABORNEOBOSNIA-HERZEGOVINABOTSWANABRAZILBRITISH VIRGIN ISBRITISH WEST INDIESBRUNEIBULGARIABURKINA FASOBURUNDICAMBODIACAMEROONCANARY ISLANDSCAPE VERDE ISLANDSCAYMAN ISLANDSCENTRAL AFRICAN REPCHADCHAFERINAS ISCHANNEL ISCHATHAM ISCHILECHINACOCO ISLANDCOLOMBIACOMOROSCONGOCOOK ISCOOK ISLANDSCOSTA RICACROATIACUBACYPRUSCZECH REPUBLICDENMARKDJIBOUTIDOMINICADOMINICAN REPUBLICEAST TIMORECUADOREGYPTEL SALVADORENGLANDERITREAESTONIAETHIOPIAFAEROE ISLANDSFALKLAND ISLANDSFIJIFINLANDFRANCEFRENCH GUIANAFRENCH POLYNESIAFRENCH WEST INDIESFUTUNA ISLANDSGABONGAMBIAGAZA STRIPGEORGIAGERMANYGHANAGIBRALTARGILBERT ISGREECEGREENLANDGRENADAGUADELOUPEGUATEMALAGUERNSEYGUINEAGUYANAHAITIHONDURASHONG KONGHUNGARYICELANDINDIAINDONESIAIRANIRAQIRELANDISLE OF MANISRAELITALYIVORY COASTJAMAICAJAPANJORDANKAZAKHSTANKENYAKIRGHIZIAKIRIBATIKOSOVOKUWAITKYRGYZSTANLAOSLATVIALEBANONLESOTHOLIBERIALIBYALIECHTENSTEINLITHUANIALUXEMBOURGMACAOMACEDONIAMADAGASCARMALAGASYMALAWIMALAYSIAMALDIVESMALIMALTAMARSHALL ISLANDSMARTINIQUEMAURITANIAMAURITIUSMAYOTTEMEXICOMICRONESIAMOLDOVAMOLUCA ISMONACOMONGOLIAMONTENEGROMONTSERRATMOROCCOMOZAMBIQUEMYANMARNAMIBIANAURUNEPALNETHERLAND ANTILLESNETHERLANDSNEVISNEW CALEDONIANEW GUINEANEW ZEALANDNICARAGUANIGERNIGERIANORTH KOREANORTHERN IRELANDNORWAYOMANORKNEY ISPAKISTANPALAUPALESTINEPANAMAPARACEL ISLANDSPARAGUAYPERUPHILIPPINESPHOENIX ISPITCAIRN ISPOLANDPORTUGALQATARREUNIONROMANIARUSSIARWANDASAN MARINOSAO TOME E PRINCIPESARAWAKSAUDI ARABIASCOTLANDSENEGALSERBIASEYCHELLESSIERRA LEONESINGAPORESLOVAK REPUBLICSLOVENIASOLOMON ISLANDSSOMALIASOUTH AFRICASOUTH KOREASPAINSRI LANKAST CROIXST KITTSST LUCIAST MAARTENST MARTINST PIERREST VINCENTSUDANSURINAMESWAZILANDSWEDENSWITZERLANDSYRIATAHITITAIWANTAJIKISTANTANZANIATASMANIATHAILANDTIBETTOGOTONGATRINIDAD AND TOBAGOTUNISIATURKEYTURKMENISTANTURKS ISLANDTUVALUUGANDAUKRAINEUNITED ARAB EMIRATESURUGUAYUZBEKISTANVANUATUVATICAN CITYVENEZUELAVIETNAMWALESWALLIS ISLANDWESTERN SAHARAWESTERN SAMOAYEMENZAIREZAMBIAZIMBABWE By clicking below, I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about Penton's or its third-party partners' products, services, events and research opportunities. Penton's use of the information I provide will be consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy. I acknowledge and agree to Penton's Terms of Service and to Penton's use of my contact information to communicate with me about offerings by Penton, its brands, affiliates and/or third-party partners, consistent with Penton's Privacy Policy.* Subscribe Advertisement Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Mar 23, 9:19 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe World Flight MH370 Update: Passengers' Next-Of-Kin Settle Lawsuits With Malaysia Airlines By Julia Glum @superjulia On 03/20/17 AT 2:52 PM Close Malaysia Airlines, the company responsible for the still-missing Flight 370, recently settled several lawsuits relating to its mysterious disappearance. Attorneys announced Monday that four lawsuits filed by the relatives of MH370 victims had been handled out of court, just about three years after the Boeing 777 vanished en route from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing, Free Malaysia Today reported. They would not reveal the amount of money Malaysia Airlines paid to the families, though the outlet consulted an expert who estimated each family likely got about $147,000. "Damages were paid in line with the Montreal Convention," lawyer Americk Sidhu told Free Malaysia Today, referencing a 1999 international treaty that outlines compensation requirements for air accidents. Read: MH370 Group Launches Crowdfunding Campaign For New Search A number of lawsuits were filed worldwide after MH370 and the 239 people on board disappeared on March 8, 2014. The plane was thought to have crashed, but because answers have remained scarce — a recently concluded formal search of the Indian Ocean turned up no debris — people have disagreed on where to place the blame. For example, a group of next-of-kin of 44 passengers sued Boeing in South Carolina earlier this month alleging that seven separate issues with the plane could have affected MH370's crew and the vehicle itself, NBC News reported. Read: Was There An Extra Person On MH370 When It Went Down? "The defects caused and/or allowed a massive and cascading sequence of electrical failures onboard the lost plane which disabled vital systems ... making it impossible for the crew to navigate the plane or for the plane to communicate with the ground stations leaving the aircraft to fly without the ability to communicate or control the aircraft until the plane ran out of fuel," attorneys wrote at the time. However, an analysis of that lawsuit out Monday from law firm Smith Amundsen suggested it could get thrown out because of a lack of debris from MH370. "Without any physical evidence or factual basis for what actually happened on March 8, 2014, the plaintiffs face an uphill battle on their claims," the report read.   Related Stories Was MH370 Hijacked? Everything We've Found From MH370 (So Far) Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Most Read Business De Beers Group Buys Larger Share Of Jewelry Brand De Beers Group announced that it bought LVMH's 50 percent shareholding in De Beers Diamond Jewelers. Technology Bitcoin Scams On The Rise, Report Says Cybersecurity firm ZeroFOX found a massive spike in scams related to the cryptocurrency in March, all of which exploit the unique characteristics of Bitcoin that are supposed to make it secure. World South Sudan, Haiti, Ukraine Worst Countries To Live: Report The three countries also scored low on the U.N. world happiness rankings for 2016. Ukraine was no. 132, Haiti came in at no. 145 and South Sudan was no. 147. National Trump Slams Obamacare In Latest Tweet House Republicans are set to vote on the president's health care plan Thursday. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 2:39am Fri 24 March Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Tennis Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Grant Bradley Aviation, tourism and energy writer for the Business Herald NZ Defence shared satellite blasts off and will 'respond to attacks' 6:30 AM Tuesday Mar 21, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Broadband Canada Defence Internet Luxembourg Netherlands Space Technology Sponsor message.   Video will play in Play now Don't auto play Never auto play A multi-national military satellite for New Zealand and six other countries has blasted into space to increase communications capabilities to "prevent, protect against and respond to attacks." Boeing said its satellite was launched into orbit at the weekend. The WGS-9 satellite was funded through an agreement between the United States, Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and New Zealand. Australia will also use the satellite after funding an earlier model. The New Zealand Defence Force will use satellite primarily to support personnel offshore and in New Zealand training. A Defence Force spokesman said the total cost of the project for the NZDF was $83.2 million over 20 years, of which about half was New Zealand's contribution to the cost of the satellite production. The remaining spending will provide ground satellite terminals for NZDF units. He added information from Boeing had used the term "attacks" very generically. "The NZDF is not anticipating any direct attack/threat to New Zealand." When New Zealand's participation in the project was announced in 2012, then Defence Minister Jonathan Coleman said it would increase access to satellite broadband more than twenty-fold, with guaranteed access and at a fixed price, ensuring better value for money. The NZDF currently purchases bandwidth on commercial satellites at spot prices, which can involve a premium of up to 100 percent depending on demand, and which can also limit availability of bandwidth. Any unused capacity can be made available to other government agencies, Coleman said at the time. Boeing said each partner country gained access to the capabilities provided by the full WGS system, which include flexible and secure communication transmissions on two frequencies. "This unique international collaboration increases military interoperability and expands affordable high-data-rate communications for US and allied partners around the globe," said Rico Attanasio, executive director, Boeing department of defence/civil satellite programmes. "WGS-9 is among the most capable military communication satellites on orbit today." WGS-9 launched on a United Launch Alliance Delta IV rocket. Boeing is on contract for 10 WGS satellites, the last of which is tentatively scheduled for launch in 2018. The eighth, ninth and 10th WGS satellites carry nearly double the available bandwidth of earlier satellites in the series. - NZ Herald Read more by Grant Bradley Email Grant Bradley Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Kevin Page: Kevin made my skin crawl I am the world's biggest sook when it comes to creepy crawlies. Hawke's Bay Today Set to ride at rodeo champs in Wairoa More than 50 cowboys and cowgirls are in Wairoa for the national rodeo championships Bay of Plenty Times Dumped ducks looking for homes Hand-fed ducks dumped at McLaren Falls face starvation if not adopted. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Watch cute remote control Toyota Hiluxes do incredible things New series of Hilux ads will make you pine for your youth... Viva Celebrity looks of the week See the coolest looks of the week courtesy of Felicity Jones, Fan Bing Bing and more True Commercial Split-risk Wairau Valley investment duo Two North Shore investment properties are being marketed as split-risk investments. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf03 at 24 Mar 2017 02:39:58 Processing Time: 512ms
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars BUSINESS Press Release Madrona Venture Group Announces Two New Investment Professionals Business Wire March 20, 2017 10:41 AM Tags: Business Sponsored Company News Maria Karaivanova Joins as Principal and Alice Ryder as Director of Investor Relations and Business Development SEATTLE–(BUSINESS WIRE)–March 20, 2017– Madrona Venture Group, an early-stage venture capital firm, announced today two new additions to the team. Maria Karaivanova is joining Madrona as a Principal focused on sourcing and evaluating new investment opportunities, working with portfolio companies to explore and evaluate business strategies and developing investment themes for the firm. Alice Ryder is joining as Director of Investor Relations and Business Development and will work with Madrona’s investors, as well as continue to develop Madrona’s program for connecting C-level executives with portfolio companies for partnerships, customer relationships and advisory roles. Each brings a deep background of business, technology and finance experience to the firm, and has helped rapidly scale very successful businesses like Cloudflare, King Digital and Clearwire. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170320005911/en/ Maria Karaivanova, Principal, Madrona Venture Group (Photo: Business Wire) “Both Maria and Alice embody what we look for at Madrona, experts in their field who have a passion for working effectively with entrepreneurs and innovative ideas,” said Tim Porter, managing director, Madrona. “While they have been on board just a short time, each of them has already made meaningful contributions, and we are looking forward to working together in the coming years.” Maria has nearly a decade of deep technology experience, garnered through roles at some of the world’s leading technology companies, including Cloudflare, Intel and Boeing. Maria comes to Madrona after five years as head of business development and an executive team member at Cloudflare, a San Francisco-based web performance and security company, where she helped build the company from 25 employees to unicorn status. While at Cloudflare, Maria built a global ecosystem of over five thousand partners and launched strategic partnerships with Google, Rackspace and other leading cloud platforms, delivering significant revenue and distribution. Prior to Cloudflare, Maria was an investor at Intel Capital with a focus on enterprise technologies and cloud security. She was also part of the Intel-McAfee strategic engagement team helping to integrate security into firmware. Before that, Maria held various positions at Boeing specializing in intellectual property management and international business development for the Chinook, Apache and F-15 programs, and unmanned aircraft. She started her career as an analyst at Citibank. “Seattle has emerged as the cloud capital of the world and Madrona Venture Group is at the core of its innovation fabric,” commented Maria. “I couldn’t be more excited to work alongside the Madrona team to bring innovative ideas to life across the Pacific Northwest and to support the remarkable entrepreneurs across our portfolio.” Maria has an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BSBA in Finance with high honors from Saint Louis University. She is a frequent speaker at technology conferences and an occasional angel investor. Maria lives in Seattle with her husband and son. As Director of Investor Relations, Alice Ryder will work with Madrona’s limited partners who have invested nearly $1.3 billion into funds that are more than 85% invested in the Pacific Northwest. Additionally, she will help foster business development by continuing to build out the C-suite program that connects CIOs, CTOs and CEOs with Madrona portfolio companies. Through this program over the past two years, portfolio companies have engaged new customers and made valuable partnerships with national brand name companies. Alice comes to this role with a strong background in finance and partnerships, built over 10 years in companies representing a diverse set of businesses in the technology industry. Alice was most recently VP of Investor Relations at King Digital Entertainment, the maker of Candy Crush and other successful mobile games, where she helped ready the company for its IPO and worked closely with King’s global investor base through its public life, which culminated in a $5.9 billion sale to Activision Blizzard. Prior to King she was VP of Investor Relations for Clearwire. She has also held similar roles at Expedia and Nextel Partners. Alice began her work in technology investing as a banker at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. “I’m excited to dive into the world of venture investing which is so important to the continuing growth of the technology industry,” said Alice. “The Pacific NW is full of engineering, entrepreneurial and business talent from wireless to software to infrastructure, and Madrona is at the center of it all. I’m looking forward to working with the team to help create new opportunities for growth in the area.” Alice holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and a BS in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. About Madrona Venture Group Madrona (www.madrona.com) has been investing in early-stage technology companies in the Pacific Northwest since 1995 and has been privileged to play a role in some of the region’s most successful technology ventures. The firm invests predominately in seed and Series A rounds across the information technology spectrum, including consumer Internet, commercial software and services, digital media and advertising, networking and cloud computing, and mobile. Madrona manages approximately $1 billion and was an early investor in companies such as Amazon.com, Apptio, Rover.com, and Redfin. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170320005911/en/ Madrona Venture Group Erika Shaffer, 206-972-5514 Erika@madrona.com ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Madrona Venture Group Announces Two New Investment Professionals SEATTLE–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Madrona Venture Group, an early-stage venture capital firm, announced today two new additions to the team. Maria Karaivanova is joining Madrona as a Principal focused on sourcing and evaluating new investment opportunities, working with portfolio companies to explore and evaluate business strategies and developing investment themes for the firm. Alice Ryder is joining as Director of Investor Relations and Business Development and will work with Madrona’s investors, as well as continue to develop Madrona’s program for connecting C-level executives with portfolio companies for partnerships, customer relationships and advisory roles. Each brings a deep background of business, technology and finance experience to the firm, and has helped rapidly scale very successful businesses like Cloudflare, King Digital and Clearwire. “Both Maria and Alice embody what we look for at Madrona, experts in their field who have a passion for working effectively with entrepreneurs and innovative ideas,” said Tim Porter, managing director, Madrona. “While they have been on board just a short time, each of them has already made meaningful contributions, and we are looking forward to working together in the coming years.” Maria has nearly a decade of deep technology experience, garnered through roles at some of the world’s leading technology companies, including Cloudflare, Intel and Boeing. Maria comes to Madrona after five years as head of business development and an executive team member at Cloudflare, a San Francisco-based web performance and security company, where she helped build the company from 25 employees to unicorn status. While at Cloudflare, Maria built a global ecosystem of over five thousand partners and launched strategic partnerships with Google, Rackspace and other leading cloud platforms, delivering significant revenue and distribution. Prior to Cloudflare, Maria was an investor at Intel Capital with a focus on enterprise technologies and cloud security. She was also part of the Intel-McAfee strategic engagement team helping to integrate security into firmware. Before that, Maria held various positions at Boeing specializing in intellectual property management and international business development for the Chinook, Apache and F-15 programs, and unmanned aircraft. She started her career as an analyst at Citibank. “Seattle has emerged as the cloud capital of the world and Madrona Venture Group is at the core of its innovation fabric,” commented Maria. “I couldn’t be more excited to work alongside the Madrona team to bring innovative ideas to life across the Pacific Northwest and to support the remarkable entrepreneurs across our portfolio.” Maria has an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BSBA in Finance with high honors from Saint Louis University. She is a frequent speaker at technology conferences and an occasional angel investor. Maria lives in Seattle with her husband and son. As Director of Investor Relations, Alice Ryder will work with Madrona’s limited partners who have invested nearly $1.3 billion into funds that are more than 85% invested in the Pacific Northwest. Additionally, she will help foster business development by continuing to build out the C-suite program that connects CIOs, CTOs and CEOs with Madrona portfolio companies. Through this program over the past two years, portfolio companies have engaged new customers and made valuable partnerships with national brand name companies. Alice comes to this role with a strong background in finance and partnerships, built over 10 years in companies representing a diverse set of businesses in the technology industry. Alice was most recently VP of Investor Relations at King Digital Entertainment, the maker of Candy Crush and other successful mobile games, where she helped ready the company for its IPO and worked closely with King’s global investor base through its public life, which culminated in a $5.9 billion sale to Activision Blizzard. Prior to King she was VP of Investor Relations for Clearwire. She has also held similar roles at Expedia and Nextel Partners. Alice began her work in technology investing as a banker at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. “I’m excited to dive into the world of venture investing which is so important to the continuing growth of the technology industry,” said Alice. “The Pacific NW is full of engineering, entrepreneurial and business talent from wireless to software to infrastructure, and Madrona is at the center of it all. I’m looking forward to working with the team to help create new opportunities for growth in the area.” Alice holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and a BS in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. About Madrona Venture Group Madrona (www.madrona.com) has been investing in early-stage technology companies in the Pacific Northwest since 1995 and has been privileged to play a role in some of the region’s most successful technology ventures. The firm invests predominately in seed and Series A rounds across the information technology spectrum, including consumer Internet, commercial software and services, digital media and advertising, networking and cloud computing, and mobile. Madrona manages approximately $1 billion and was an early investor in companies such as Amazon.com, Apptio, Rover.com, and Redfin. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, base, Business, Companies, company, Computing, Entertainment, Industry, Internet, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MichBio Announces Foley Hoag, LLP Partnership with Launch of Open Office Consults at MLSIC Next PostNext IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Netflix, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Madrona Venture Group Announces Two New Investment Professionals SEATTLE–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Madrona Venture Group, an early-stage venture capital firm, announced today two new additions to the team. Maria Karaivanova is joining Madrona as a Principal focused on sourcing and evaluating new investment opportunities, working with portfolio companies to explore and evaluate business strategies and developing investment themes for the firm. Alice Ryder is joining as Director of Investor Relations and Business Development and will work with Madrona’s investors, as well as continue to develop Madrona’s program for connecting C-level executives with portfolio companies for partnerships, customer relationships and advisory roles. Each brings a deep background of business, technology and finance experience to the firm, and has helped rapidly scale very successful businesses like Cloudflare, King Digital and Clearwire. “Both Maria and Alice embody what we look for at Madrona, experts in their field who have a passion for working effectively with entrepreneurs and innovative ideas,” said Tim Porter, managing director, Madrona. “While they have been on board just a short time, each of them has already made meaningful contributions, and we are looking forward to working together in the coming years.” Maria has nearly a decade of deep technology experience, garnered through roles at some of the world’s leading technology companies, including Cloudflare, Intel and Boeing. Maria comes to Madrona after five years as head of business development and an executive team member at Cloudflare, a San Francisco-based web performance and security company, where she helped build the company from 25 employees to unicorn status. While at Cloudflare, Maria built a global ecosystem of over five thousand partners and launched strategic partnerships with Google, Rackspace and other leading cloud platforms, delivering significant revenue and distribution. Prior to Cloudflare, Maria was an investor at Intel Capital with a focus on enterprise technologies and cloud security. She was also part of the Intel-McAfee strategic engagement team helping to integrate security into firmware. Before that, Maria held various positions at Boeing specializing in intellectual property management and international business development for the Chinook, Apache and F-15 programs, and unmanned aircraft. She started her career as an analyst at Citibank. “Seattle has emerged as the cloud capital of the world and Madrona Venture Group is at the core of its innovation fabric,” commented Maria. “I couldn’t be more excited to work alongside the Madrona team to bring innovative ideas to life across the Pacific Northwest and to support the remarkable entrepreneurs across our portfolio.” Maria has an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BSBA in Finance with high honors from Saint Louis University. She is a frequent speaker at technology conferences and an occasional angel investor. Maria lives in Seattle with her husband and son. As Director of Investor Relations, Alice Ryder will work with Madrona’s limited partners who have invested nearly $1.3 billion into funds that are more than 85% invested in the Pacific Northwest. Additionally, she will help foster business development by continuing to build out the C-suite program that connects CIOs, CTOs and CEOs with Madrona portfolio companies. Through this program over the past two years, portfolio companies have engaged new customers and made valuable partnerships with national brand name companies. Alice comes to this role with a strong background in finance and partnerships, built over 10 years in companies representing a diverse set of businesses in the technology industry. Alice was most recently VP of Investor Relations at King Digital Entertainment, the maker of Candy Crush and other successful mobile games, where she helped ready the company for its IPO and worked closely with King’s global investor base through its public life, which culminated in a $5.9 billion sale to Activision Blizzard. Prior to King she was VP of Investor Relations for Clearwire. She has also held similar roles at Expedia and Nextel Partners. Alice began her work in technology investing as a banker at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. “I’m excited to dive into the world of venture investing which is so important to the continuing growth of the technology industry,” said Alice. “The Pacific NW is full of engineering, entrepreneurial and business talent from wireless to software to infrastructure, and Madrona is at the center of it all. I’m looking forward to working with the team to help create new opportunities for growth in the area.” Alice holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and a BS in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. About Madrona Venture Group Madrona (www.madrona.com) has been investing in early-stage technology companies in the Pacific Northwest since 1995 and has been privileged to play a role in some of the region’s most successful technology ventures. The firm invests predominately in seed and Series A rounds across the information technology spectrum, including consumer Internet, commercial software and services, digital media and advertising, networking and cloud computing, and mobile. Madrona manages approximately $1 billion and was an early investor in companies such as Amazon.com, Apptio, Rover.com, and Redfin. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, base, Business, Companies, company, Computing, Entertainment, Industry, Internet, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MichBio Announces Foley Hoag, LLP Partnership with Launch of Open Office Consults at MLSIC Next PostNext IMPORTANT INVESTOR ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against Netflix, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Search Recent Posts Skandiabanken Becomes Largest Shareholder in Quantfolio, and Increases Focus on Private Savings Foreign Expert Workers Wanted for Technology Jobs in New Zealand – New Zealand Visa Expert Smith & Wollensky Restaurant Group Collaborates with Esteemed Double R Ranch New survey finds board-certified case managers earning more and on solid career trajectory Swedish Steel-dress Goes on Catwalk in China Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Madrona Venture Group Announces Two New Investment Professionals Maria Karaivanova Joins as Principal and Alice Ryder as Director of Investor Relations and Business Development Maria Karaivanova, Principal, Madrona Venture Group (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Maria Karaivanova, Principal, Madrona Venture Group (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Alice Ryder, Director of Investor Relations and Business Development, Madrona Venture Group (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 20, 2017 01:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Madrona Venture Group, an early-stage venture capital firm, announced today two new additions to the team. Maria Karaivanova is joining Madrona as a Principal focused on sourcing and evaluating new investment opportunities, working with portfolio companies to explore and evaluate business strategies and developing investment themes for the firm. Alice Ryder is joining as Director of Investor Relations and Business Development and will work with Madrona’s investors, as well as continue to develop Madrona’s program for connecting C-level executives with portfolio companies for partnerships, customer relationships and advisory roles. Each brings a deep background of business, technology and finance experience to the firm, and has helped rapidly scale very successful businesses like Cloudflare, King Digital and Clearwire. “Both Maria and Alice embody what we look for at Madrona, experts in their field who have a passion for working effectively with entrepreneurs and innovative ideas,” said Tim Porter, managing director, Madrona. “While they have been on board just a short time, each of them has already made meaningful contributions, and we are looking forward to working together in the coming years.” Maria has nearly a decade of deep technology experience, garnered through roles at some of the world’s leading technology companies, including Cloudflare, Intel and Boeing. Maria comes to Madrona after five years as head of business development and an executive team member at Cloudflare, a San Francisco-based web performance and security company, where she helped build the company from 25 employees to unicorn status. While at Cloudflare, Maria built a global ecosystem of over five thousand partners and launched strategic partnerships with Google, Rackspace and other leading cloud platforms, delivering significant revenue and distribution. Prior to Cloudflare, Maria was an investor at Intel Capital with a focus on enterprise technologies and cloud security. She was also part of the Intel-McAfee strategic engagement team helping to integrate security into firmware. Before that, Maria held various positions at Boeing specializing in intellectual property management and international business development for the Chinook, Apache and F-15 programs, and unmanned aircraft. She started her career as an analyst at Citibank. “Seattle has emerged as the cloud capital of the world and Madrona Venture Group is at the core of its innovation fabric,” commented Maria. “I couldn’t be more excited to work alongside the Madrona team to bring innovative ideas to life across the Pacific Northwest and to support the remarkable entrepreneurs across our portfolio.” Maria has an MBA from Harvard Business School and a BSBA in Finance with high honors from Saint Louis University. She is a frequent speaker at technology conferences and an occasional angel investor. Maria lives in Seattle with her husband and son. As Director of Investor Relations, Alice Ryder will work with Madrona’s limited partners who have invested nearly $1.3 billion into funds that are more than 85% invested in the Pacific Northwest. Additionally, she will help foster business development by continuing to build out the C-suite program that connects CIOs, CTOs and CEOs with Madrona portfolio companies. Through this program over the past two years, portfolio companies have engaged new customers and made valuable partnerships with national brand name companies. Alice comes to this role with a strong background in finance and partnerships, built over 10 years in companies representing a diverse set of businesses in the technology industry. Alice was most recently VP of Investor Relations at King Digital Entertainment, the maker of Candy Crush and other successful mobile games, where she helped ready the company for its IPO and worked closely with King’s global investor base through its public life, which culminated in a $5.9 billion sale to Activision Blizzard. Prior to King she was VP of Investor Relations for Clearwire. She has also held similar roles at Expedia and Nextel Partners. Alice began her work in technology investing as a banker at Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette. “I’m excited to dive into the world of venture investing which is so important to the continuing growth of the technology industry,” said Alice. “The Pacific NW is full of engineering, entrepreneurial and business talent from wireless to software to infrastructure, and Madrona is at the center of it all. I’m looking forward to working with the team to help create new opportunities for growth in the area.” Alice holds an MBA from Columbia Business School and a BS in Economics from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. About Madrona Venture Group Madrona (www.madrona.com) has been investing in early-stage technology companies in the Pacific Northwest since 1995 and has been privileged to play a role in some of the region’s most successful technology ventures. The firm invests predominately in seed and Series A rounds across the information technology spectrum, including consumer Internet, commercial software and services, digital media and advertising, networking and cloud computing, and mobile. Madrona manages approximately $1 billion and was an early investor in companies such as Amazon.com, Apptio, Rover.com, and Redfin. Contacts Madrona Venture Group Erika Shaffer, 206-972-5514 Erika@madrona.com Release Summary Alice Ryder and Maria Karaivanova Join Madrona Venture Group Contacts Madrona Venture Group Erika Shaffer, 206-972-5514 Erika@madrona.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
The Times of Israel Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs Start-Up Israel Partners Atlanta:Atlanta Jewish Times New Jersey:The Jewish Standard New York:The Jewish Week United Kingdom:The Jewish News For Publishers:Become a Times of Israel partner Daily Edition Spotlight s   English العربية Français 中文 فارسی Thursday, March 23, 2017 Adar 25, 5777 3:39 pm IST About Us About the site Contact us Advertise with us Advertise with us Partner Links: Learn Hebrew Judaica Web Store Thrifty Car Rental Make Aliyah Israel Car Rental Help Fight BDS! Subscribe to the Daily Edition Follow @timesofisrael Home  > Israel & the Region 'Our mission is to detect and deflect [the] threat [of incoming missiles], and that is exactly what happened' Air Force defends use of Arrow system against Syrian missile Head of military’s air defense program says surface-to-air missile contained ‘hundreds of kilograms’ of explosives and was headed for Israel By Judah Ari Gross March 20, 2017, 7:12 pm Tweet Email Print Share From right, Moshe Patel, head of the Defense Ministry's missile program, David Ivri, president of Boeing-Israel, Brig. Gen. Tzvika Haimovitch, head of the army's Aerial Defense Command, Boaz Levi, vice president of IAI's missile division, Danny Gold, the former head of the ministry's missile program, and Brig. Gen. William Cooley, of the US Air Force, stand in front of a Arrow 3 missile defense system that was delivered to the Israeli Air Force on January 18, 2017. (Defense Ministry) Writers Judah Ari Gross Judah Ari Gross is The Times of Israel's military correspondent. Follow or contact: Facebook Twitter Email RSS Newsroom Email the Newsroom Facebook Twitter Related Topics IAF Israeli Air Force Tzvika Haimovitch IDF Israel Defense Forces Related Stories Banksy West Bank hotel with ‘worst view’ to receive first guests Israel is world’s 11th-happiest country, but… Netanyahu’s lawyer testifies in graft investigations Israel to deploy David’s Sling, final piece of missile defense shield Liberman: Israel not looking to intervene in Syria Bennett says coalition broadcaster spat ‘nearly over’ Elections? We don’t need no stinking elections Top Jordan court denies US bid to extradite Jerusalem bombing accomplice Abbas, Sissi hold ‘reconciliation’ meeting in Egypt The head of the army’s Aerial Defense Command on Monday defended the military’s use of the Arrow defense system against a Syrian surface-to-air missile last week, saying the projectile “behaved like a ballistic threat.” Early Friday morning, Israeli aircraft conducted several airstrikes against targets in Syria, the Israel Defense Forces said afterwards, in a rare acknowledgment of responsibility. Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu later said the raids struck advanced Hezbollah weaponry. On the planes’ return trip, Syrian President Bashar Assad’s military launched three surface-to-air missiles (SAMs) at them. Two of the SAMs landed harmlessly, while the third was intercepted by an Arrow 2 missile. Jordanians inspect the remains of a Syrian missile and an Israeli Arrow interceptor that fell in Jordan on March 17, 2017 (Jordanian government/Petra) “Our mission is to detect and deflect [the] threat [of incoming missiles], and that is exactly what happened,” said Brig. Gen. Tzvika Haimovitch, head of the army’s Aerial Defense Command. The early Friday morning interception, which was the first reported operational use of the Arrow, has garnered skepticism, if not outright criticism, as it was not immediately clear why the system was used against a surface-to-air missile, which generally don’t pose a threat to those on the ground. The general told reporters that the intercepted SAM contained “hundreds of kilograms” of explosive material and was headed toward the Jordan Valley. The SAM could have posed a threat to people on the ground, which justified the use of an Arrow 2 missile, reported to cost nearly NIS 3 million (some $827,000). “We need to defend the State of Israel. We will not save [money]. We will engage,” he said. Archive: Former US National Security Advisor Susan Rice, views the Arrow 2 intercepting missile launcher at the Palmachim Israeli Air Force base in central Israel during her visit to the country on May 9, 2014. (Hadas Parush/Flash 90) Haimovitch confirmed that the decision to launch the Arrow 2 was made by a person, not by a computer. “Although it is a state of the art system,” he said, “a [person] should approve each target.” During the conversation with reporters, the air force general also discussed the roll-out of the David’s Sling missile defense system, which is meant to complete Israel’s umbrella of protection against projectiles, from short-range rockets to intercontinental ballistic missiles. The general denied reports that the Syrian missile had, in fact, been a Scud ballistic missile. “As far as I know,” he said, the SAM was a Russian SA-5, also known as an S-200. The air force general also said that only one Arrow 2 interceptor missile had been used in the incident, dismissing reports that multiple missiles were fired. A long-range S-200 missile is fired in a military drill in the port city of Bushehr, on the northern coast of Persian Gulf, Iran, Dececember 29, 2016. (Amir Kholousi, of the semi-official Iranian Student News Agency (ISNA) via AP, File) Asked if this use against a surface-to-air missile was revolutionary or a recent development, as the system is designed to specifically counter ballistic missiles, Haimovitch said: “It doesn’t matter the title, name or category of the threat, once it behaves like a ballistic trajectory target.” Speaking on Syrian state TV on Sunday, Syria’s ambassador to the UN, Bashar al-Jaafari, said the Syrian response was “appropriate and in line with Israel’s terrorist operation,” and that Israel “will now think a million times [before striking again],” according to a translation cited in Ynet. That threat has apparently not been a deterrent. Since Friday’s incident, foreign media has reported two more IAF strikes in Syria, one on Sunday and one on early Monday morning. Israeli ambassador to the UN Danny Danon hit back at the Syrian envoy on Monday, calling him hypocritical for describing Israel’s airstrike Friday on a Hezbollah weapons convoy in Syrian territory as a “terrorist operation,” while boasting of Syria’s retaliatory missile attacks as a game-changer. Like us on Facebook Get our newsletter Follow us on Twitter Tweet Read more on:  IAF Israeli Air Force,  Tzvika Haimovitch,  IDF Israel Defense Forces,  missile defense,  Arrow 2,  Arrow 3,  Arrow anti-missile defense system,  Bashar Assad,  Syrian civil war,  Hezbollah,  airstrikes,  Syria airstrikes More in Israel & the Region FBI probes Russia role in US presidential elections Comments on this article Report inappropriate comments The Times of Israel Current top stories Jewish Israeli, 19, arrested for phoning in dozens of JCC bomb threats By Tamar Pileggi   JCC bomb threats suspect also believed behind grounded Delta flights By Raoul Wootliff   Islamic State claims deadly London attack that killed 3 By Agencies   Minister vows to quit coalition if settlement freeze goes ahead By Sue Surkes   Netanyahu, sick, cancels coalition talks on defusing crisis By Times of Israel staff   The Times of Israel Daily Edition Free to Your Inbox The email is either missing or invalid Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address first. To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. By signing up, you agree to our terms You hereby accept The Times of Israel Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and you agree to receive the latest news & offers from The Times of Israel and its partners or ad sponsors. Latest Articles News Features   3:23 pm   Islamic State claims deadly London attack that killed 3 3:01 pm   Hebrew media review: Israel on the Thames 2:57 pm   Police officer, Spanish teacher among victims of London attack 2:51 pm   Jewish Israeli, 19, arrested for phoning in dozens of JCC bomb threats 2:40 pm   Netanyahu, sick, cancels coalition talks on defusing crisis 2:13 pm   May: London attacker ‘British-born,’ known to security services 2:02 pm   Russia asked Syrians to return famed Israeli spy‘s remains – report 1:45 pm   Live updates: JCC bomb threats suspect also believed behind grounded Delta flights 1:37 pm   Trump issues warm New Year greeting to Iranians 1:35 pm   Police deny permit for annual Nakba march over security concerns 12:59 pm   10 Egyptian soldiers killed in Sinai roadside bombings 12:53 pm   Minister vows to quit coalition if settlement freeze goes ahead 12:46 pm   Teva said to plan cuts of as many as 6,000 jobs globally 12:04 pm   Likud MK to petition top court against PM’s Temple Mount ban 11:42 am   Cop suspended for beating East Jerusalem truck driver 11:12 am   Holon man arrested for threat to torch medical staff 10:45 am   Israel’s clocks to spring forward early Friday 10:11 am   Police arrest 7 over London attack as death toll lowered to 3 9:30 am   More Gazans sick from polluted drinking water, says utility chief 9:18 am   British MPs to return to parliament day after deadly attack 9:09 am   US routs Puerto Rico 8-0 to win first World Baseball Classic 8:44 am   Netanyahu faces marathon coalition talks to defuse crisis 7:26 am   UN-backed Syria peace talks to restart in Geneva 6:27 am   New campaign aims to help fund efforts to solve murder of Jewish DNC staffer 6:08 am   Jewish countertenor takes Metropolitan Opera award 5:53 am   Longtime CEO of Boston Jewish federation, announces retirement 5:41 am   ‘Power Rangers’ creator Saban hits out at Trump 4:37 am   US sex offender admits groping woman on El Al flight 4:25 am   FBI has info indicating possible coordination between Trump associates, Russia — report 3:58 am   IDF chief meets rabbis over female service controversy   Latest Blogs Tom Wilson 3:18 pm As home-grown terror flourishes,... Jonathan Sacks 12:25 pm Encampments & Journeys... Maxim Reider 12:21 pm Night in Tel Aviv Avi Luvton 12:06 pm An Economic Powerhouse and a Rising... Debra Band 12:48 am The Jewish Spirit in Jewish Art Most Read Talked Shared Past 24 Hours Past Week Past Month 1 Israel expresses solidarity as three killed in London attack By Gavin Rabinowitz  2 Trump expecting ninth grandchild, who won’t be Jewish By JTA and Times of Israel staff  3 Syrian rebels report fresh Israeli airstrikes near Damascus By Times of Israel staff  4 3 killed, at least 20 hurt in London stabbing, car-ramming By Times of Israel staff and Agencies  5 Israel plans mass evacuations if war erupts again By Ian Deitch  Past 24 Hours Past Week Past Month 1 Israel said to reject US demand for building freeze in isolated settlements By Alexander Fulbright  2 Hamas’s Gaza chief vows to ‘liberate all of Palestine’ By Times of Israel staff  3 Dramatic ruling paves way for thousands of East Jerusalemites to regain residency rights By Dov Lieber  4 In Britain, protesters silence Falk By Jenni Frazer  5 3 killed, at least 20 hurt in London stabbing, car-ramming By Times of Israel staff and Agencies  Past 24 Hours Past Week Past Month 1 Trump expecting ninth grandchild, who won’t be Jewish By JTA and Times of Israel staff  2 BDS founder Omar Barghouti arrested for tax evasion By Jacob Magid  3 3 killed, at least 20 hurt in London stabbing, car-ramming By Times of Israel staff and Agencies  4 Israel plans mass evacuations if war erupts again By Ian Deitch  5 China may grant Israel special economic waiver By Raphael Ahren  Back to Top The Times of Israel Home Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs The Jewish Planet Start-Up Israel Daily Edition Spotlight Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Facebook Twitter RSS © 2017 The Times of Israel, All rights reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Menu asia times EST 1995 United States | Journeys to the west Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Like Follow Follow Subscribe To The Daily Brief Search Main China India Regions Northeast Asia Southeast Asia South Asia Central Asia Middle East Opinion More Politics Business Culture About Us Search TheBrief Main Latest 23-03-2017 21:32 King Salman’s recent state visit to Beijing didn’t just signal continued economic cooperation, it displayed a significant evolution of the two countries security relationship. (Asia Unhedged) 23-03-2017 21:22 Opinion // South Korea at a crossroads as pro-China policy looms (Edward Oh) 23-03-2017 20:37 Asia Unhedged sources in Washington say the US House of Representatives is likely to vote up some form of the Trump-Ryan healthcare bill today. (David Goldman) 23-03-2017 20:28 Asian emerging markets saw gains overnight led by Vietnam and the Philippines, while infrastructure stocks led gains in the HSCEI and the KOSPI. (David Goldman) 23-03-2017 20:22 The European Central Bank gave out EUR 233 billion in long-term low-interest loans, prompting a surge in European bank stocks, but don't expect this to help the European economy. (David Goldman) 23-03-2017 20:16 Former Thai prisoners among those given a shot at redemption in the boxing ring with an innovative program that is producing impressive results. (Mark Butcher) 23-03-2017 20:01 Some argue Chinese credit now offers better risk-adjusted returns than ASEAN, signaling a shift in sentiment. (Asia Unhedged) 23-03-2017 19:31 Neo-bistros are redefining the culinary landscape in Paris, serving modern dishes in a relaxed setting. And a former lingerie workshop is leading the high-fashion food trend with its Asian-flavoured creations. (L.K. Morgan) 23-03-2017 18:03 As China and Malaysia develop deeper ties, Kuala Lumpur's reticent approach to its competing claims in the South China Sea has come into focus. (David Hutt) 23-03-2017 18:02 Causeway Bay, on Hong Kong Island, had the poorest air in the city in 2016, followed by Tuen Mun in the New Territories West and Mong Kok in Kowloon. (Asia Times staff) 23-03-2017 17:32 Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's close ties to China are being questioned by opposition politicians who are stoking so far mostly veiled anti-China sentiment. (David Hutt) 23-03-2017 17:32 Alibaba Group's establishment of a new 'e-hub' in Malaysia is indicative of fast growing China-Malaysia ties (David Hutt) 23-03-2017 17:17 In pictures: behind the scenes at the Asian Film Awards (Asia Times) 23-03-2017 15:14 Recent research provides the first good evidence that pregnancy leads to long-lasting brain changes in a mother’s brain. Most surprisingly these changes were still detectable two years after the birth of their child. (Olivia Carter) 23-03-2017 14:10 Vietnamese cops took three months to respond seriously to allegations that an eight-year-old girl had been molested, but then outrage spilled onto Facebook and they made an arrest in days – a rare win for public opinion in the communist country. (Tran Thi Minh Ha) 23-03-2017 14:09 A push by the Australian government to water down controversial hate speech laws has highlighted tensions between freedom of speech and racial harmony in one of the Asia-Pacific’s most multicultural nations. (John Power) 23-03-2017 13:56 Over a dozen fast food outfits in Hong Kong, including KFC and Starbucks, announced on Wednesday that they have stopped serving customers meat from Brazil amid food safety concerns (Asia Times staff) 23-03-2017 13:54 A Cambodian court on Thursday jailed a former soldier for life for the brazen daytime shooting of a strident government critic, a killing that stunned the kingdom’s hemmed in rights community. (Agence France-Presse) 23-03-2017 13:42 China now officially relies on the "four comprehensives" laid down by Xi Jinping. But North Korea remains supremely unpredictable, and the notorious Lenin line resurfaces: “What is to be done?” (Pepe Escobar) 23-03-2017 13:37 Australia and China are expected to sign new bilateral agreements on beef exports, energy and security during a four-day visit by Chinese Premier Li Keqiang that began on Thursday. (Reuters) 23-03-2017 13:29 A senior firefighter died on Wednesday after falling from a cliff and being trapped for 11 hours during a rescue operation on Tiu Shau Ngam, a mountain ridge in Ma On Shan country park. (Asia Times staff) 23-03-2017 13:28 The China-backed Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB) said on Thursday it has approved 13 new applicants to join the bank, including Canada, a major ally of the United States, bringing its total membership to 70. (Reuters) 23-03-2017 13:18 World leaders unanimously condemned the attack in the heart of London by a man who was shot dead by armed police, with many saying they stand with Britain. (Reuters) 23-03-2017 12:00 A Hong Kong man was detained by custom officers at the Lo Wu border crossing into Shenzhen on Saturday after he tried to smuggle four snakes, in black stockings, into China. (Asia Times staff) 23-03-2017 08:05 Opinion // Are America and China destined for war? (Harry J Kazianis) 23-03-2017 05:40 Opinion // Russia needs a strong Central Asia to combat terrorism (Tatiana Kanunnikova) 23-03-2017 05:37 Iron ore futures fell sharply on Wednesday as investors are cashing in on the rally, despite recent pickup in demand. (Asia Unhedged) 23-03-2017 05:13 TPP alternative RCEP chief negotiator warns against “TPP-enizing” the Asia trade pact. (Asia Unhedged) 23-03-2017 04:34 Amid rumour, confusion but little panic, terrorism returned to the streets of London on Wednesday as a police officer was among five killed in the attack outside Britain's parliament by an assailant who was then shot dead by officers (Asia Times and agencies) 23-03-2017 03:48 US "doomsday" general warns that basing nukes in South Korea could set off the "volitile" Kim Jong-un. (Asia Unhedged) the brief Wong Tsu, a graduate of MIT’s department of aeronautical engineering went on to design one of Boeing’s first aircraft before returning to China to head the country’s own fledgling industry. United Stateshigher education Journeys to the west The special relationship between China and Massachusetts Institute of Technology is explored in an exhibition that charts the passage of some of the earliest Chinese students schooled at the famed US institution By George Koo March 20, 2017 11:59 PM (UTC+8) Share Tweet Linkedin Print Email Share 0 Comment 0 A new exhibition is celebrating the 140-year history of students from China that attended Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). “China Comes to Tech: 1877-1931” runs until November at the Maihaugen Gallery in the MIT Library on the Cambridge campus and contains a fascinating collection of personal stories. Along with individual profiles, the exhibit also explains the circumstances and developments that led to the special relationship between China and MIT. Eight of the first nine to enter MIT from China were members of the Chinese Education Mission (CEM), sent by the Qing government to receive an American college education. The CEM was the result of Yung Wing’s tireless efforts to convince the imperial court of the merits of exposing China’s youth to western education. The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox Yung, under the generous sponsorship of American missionaries, was the first Chinese to graduate from an American university – Yale, class of 1854. He recognized the value of a western education in helping China modernize and convinced the government to send young boys between the ages of 12 and 15 to live with missionary families in New England and undertake their American education. The first Chinese student to matriculate from MIT was Mon Cham Cheong in 1877, just ahead of the young men from CEM. Cheong’s father was a progressive-minded, wealthy merchant who sent him to the US under the guardianship of a similarly wealthy merchant in Boston. Thus, Cheong was also the first self-funded student from China. In all, the stories of 38 individuals are profiled in the exhibit, including the biography of the first Chinese woman to enter the institution. Her name was Li Fu Lee; she married Kuan Tung (MIT ’27) and followed him to MIT. She entered as a junior and received an electrical engineering degree in 1929. There were only 25 women in her class and she was made chairman of the social committee of the MIT Chinese Students’ Club. But it is the story of Wong Tsoo that is my personal favorite. Also known as Wong Tsu, he was among the first batch of students to graduate from the newly formed department of Aeronautical Engineering in 1916. On recommendations of academics at MIT, William Boeing hired him sight unseen to be his first chief engineer. In less than a year, Wong had designed a seaplane of which Boeing sold 50 models to the US Navy, giving the company its start as an airplane manufacturing enterprise. (Maybe this is why, as an MIT undergraduate, I could always get a summer job at Boeing when I went home for the summers.) Wong did not stay in Seattle long, but went back to China in the latter half of 1917. For services rendered, Boeing gave him a check for US$50.77 as payment in full. The MIT exhibit picked up the rest of his story. On his return to China, Wong began to design and build more planes. His factory was forced to move several times to the interior of the country to keep out of the grasp of invading Japanese troops. Because of the shortage of strategic materials during wartime, he even designed and built gliders out of bamboo for use as troop carriers. Wong had a MIT classmate who shared his passion for aviation and was his partner in operating the first airplane factory in China. However, Japanese spies assassinated him and Wong took over managing the plant and adopted his friend’s son. He shared his enthusiasm for aeronautics by teaching in Tsinghua’s engineering college where he actively encouraged promising aeronautical engineers to pursue additional training at MIT. One of his students was Qian Xuesen, who would later become the father of Chinese rocket science. “… by 1914, engineering had become the favorite field for government students. In the eyes of many, engineering was not simply a practical skill, but a means of serving the [Chinese] nation” The exhibit – curated by Professor Emma Teng, MIT’s head of Global Studies and Languages – isn’t just about individual stories. It is also explores China’s fascination with practical education available in the west at the turn of the 20th century. After a century of humiliation at the hands of the western powers in the 19th century, every aspiring student in China dreamed of additional training in the west so they could acquire the skills needed to modernize China and catch up with the rest of the world. As pointed out in the exhibit, “by 1914, engineering had become the favorite field for government students [i.e., funded by the Chinese government.] In the eyes of many, engineering was not simply a practical skill, but a means of serving the nation.” In 1914, MIT had 33 students from China, more than any other school in the US. This tradition continues today. With a total enrolment of nearly 13,000 undergrad and graduate students, 30% are international students from more than 140 countries. Nearly one out of every four comes from China; at a total of 888, China has more than twice the number of second place India.   Share Tweet Linkedin Email United States higher education MIT Exhibition Education China Comments More in United States Fixing US corporate taxes with a heavy dose of American jobs Doug Tsuruoka Cooler heads need to prevail on the Korean Peninsula Minghao Zhao Pyongyang missile swarm would overwhelm South Korean defences Harry J Kazianis EVEN MORE asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin asia times Facebook Twitter Google plus Linkedin Explore Main China Northeast Asia Insights Southeast Asia World Politics Business Culture Trending Topics #South Asia #Japan #Middle East #India #Koreas #South China Sea #Hong Kong About About Asia Times Contact Us Advertise with Us Write for Us Terms of Use Privacy The DailyBrief Must-reads from across Asia - directly to your inbox © 2017 Asia Times Holdings Limited, All Rights Reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Skip to main content Advertisement Home Topics Automotive Cloud Computing Design & Development E-Commerce ERP Economics Energy Global IoT Labor Operations Purchasing Quality Control Regulatory Security Software Supply Chain Technology Automation Watch Manufacturing Minute Search Social Facebook Twitter Guides Companies Learn Login Register Subscribe Channels MNET CHEM FM ID IMPO PP Advertisement Advertisement Three Trends Taking Off In Civil Aviation MRO In 2017 2 days 21 hours ago Comments by Kevin Deal Kevin Deal The civil aviation industry is one of the most asset-intensive industries in the world. With parts that are high-cost and low in numbers, even the slightest of improvements in asset functionality and maintenance can yield significant cost and efficiency advantages. Here’s how two much discussed technologies — IoT and augmented reality — will develop dramatically during 2017 and start to unlock real benefits for civil aviation companies.  No. 1 - IoT Driving Take Up of AHMS Health Checks and Condition-Based Maintenance Giving Fleets a Healthy Check-up The civil aviation industry is booming. Aircraft fleets are set to triple by 2034 in the Asia-Pacific region, superseding both North America and Europe, while carriers in the Middle East had the strongest annual traffic growth in 2015. The Internet of Things (IoT) market is following this lead. Gartner predicts there will be over 20 billion connected ‘things’ in use by 2020, with total spending topping $3 trillion globally. These two together will drive the use of Aircraft Health Monitoring Systems (AHMS) in 2017. AHMS bring vast improvements in the utilization and analysis of big data to enhance availability, reliability and safety of aircraft, which in turn drives the take up of condition-based maintenance (CBM) projects to streamline MRO. An Oliver Wyman MRO Survey reported that 63 percent of respondents from leading airlines said AHMS increased reliability, with 35 percent also saying that it helped reduce maintenance costs. The collection and analysis of data from IoT-enabled sensors constantly measuring aircraft health and performance can consider factors such as speed, torque, vibrations and pressure data to pinpoint faults before they become a major problem and provide actionable information to make better informed and more focused maintenance decisions. These in turn could reduce cancellations, improve operational and flight safety, reduce fuel consumption, help identify rogue serial numbers and enhance both passenger and crew experience. The Internet of Flying Things To put this into context, the number of detectable faults on a Boeing 767 in the 1980s was 9,000. Now, intelligent sensors on a Boeing 787 can detect 45,000 faults, five times as many as 30 years ago. With AHMS, data from one aircraft detecting a fault can be used to analyze an entire fleet for the same problem. The ROI from AHMS in civil aviation is plain to see. The streamlining of maintenance operations and the almost instant reactions to faults that AHMS brings could drastically reduce the chance of aircraft on ground (AOG) for airlines — the cost of which ranges between $10,000 and $150,000 for just a couple of hours of downtime. This is a major benefit as most airlines need every possible piece of revenue from every single flight just to stay out of the red. I predict we will see a rise in the number of operators adopting AHMS, driven by affordable IoT —enabled sensors, powerful data processing systems and machine learning — enabling airlines to make processes smarter and maintenance leaner. No. 2 - The Next Step: Not Just Predicting Maintenance, but Prescribing the Solution Predictive Maintenance: Handing Engineers the Crystal Ball Global MRO spend is anticipated to increase by 46 percent by 2026, driven by a combination of growing passenger numbers and aircraft fleets. Because of this, airlines are looking at the next step in asset management, from condition-based maintenance to predictive maintenance, able to detect early signs of potential failure and rectify matters before it impacts service delivery. Picking out the relevant data patterns being fed back out of the myriad of information produced through IoT-enabled parts, will allow the true benefit of scheduled maintenance to be extended into every aspect of the MRO support chain. IoT and predictive maintenance allows for better sharing of both operational and maintenance experiences between airlines, aircraft operators and 3rd party MROs, enabling further cost reductions. By feeding the data into the EAM or MRO solution, the parts can be sourced and the work schedules of engineers optimized — meaning potential down-time can be drastically reduced. But airlines aren’t stopping there. Giving Maintenance a Healthy Prescription Prescriptive maintenance is the next step beyond simply predicting the status of an asset. While predictive analytics answer the ‘what will happen, when and why’, prescriptive goes one step further, allowing operators to not only predict what will happen, but offer ‘what if’ scenarios to show how each possible event will impact operations. IoT data is fed back from the sensor into the analytical system to optimally define the prescribed maintenance activities based on the best outcome, in terms of reliability and asset uptime. The main benefit of this is allowing airlines to know what they could do better in the future — if they know an asset may fail, they want to know the most efficient way to reduce the failure rate while also achieving the most effective accomplishment of any rectification actions. Prescriptive analytics can guide maintenance engineers, with sequences of tasks to execute in order to isolate the issue, when is the right time to do the repair and the correct tools to use, helping reduce aircraft downtime. Prescriptive maintenance will revolutionize MRO. IDC predicts that 50 percent of all business analytics software will incorporate prescriptive capabilities by 2020. In the future, it won’t be a bunch of engineers telling you how and when to repair an asset because the asset itself will tell you what it needs and how it needs it. The technology is still in the early stages of adoption in civil aviation, but watch this space as the technology starts to mature in 2017. No. 3 - Resource Shortages Hindering Growth in Asia-Pac The Demand is There, but is the Support? Airbus forecasts a need for over 33,000 new aircraft globally by 2035, largely driven by the rising demand in the Asia-Pacific. However, this rapid expansion has the potential to be hindered due to a lack of MRO capacity, lack of indigenous training capabilities and lack of skilled workforce in the region. More passengers mean more planes needed to carry them — more planes mean more maintenance. There are currently not enough fully-qualified, trained and certified maintenance personnel to meet the needs of this growing market. Boeing predicts that the aviation industry will need over 600,000 new maintenance technicians globally in the next 20 years as current personnel retire, with much of this demand coming from Asia-Pac. Meeting this demand and matching the requirements of the next generation of maintenance workers will take innovative solutions, including new technologies and training methods. AR/VR Preparing the Worker of the Future Experienced aircraft engineers are proving to be few and far between. It currently takes up to 8 years for a maintenance worker to pass stringent training tests and become fully licensed, time that the aviation industry cannot wait. Airlines and MRO operators in the APAC have avoided this by hiring in personnel from other countries, but this is proving to be a significant cost challenge. Augmented reality is emerging to help bridge this gap — a cost — and time-friendly solution which provides expertise on demand from any location, no matter how remote. Some companies, such as XMReality, have developed a telepresence and data transmission solution that connects onsite operators with a technical expert anywhere in the world, in real-time, giving maintenance workers in remote locations access to a virtual pair of expert eyes and hands to guide them through complex tasks. I expect we will see a sharp increase in adoption in APAC as the technology fully matures to plug this resource shortage gap. Riding the Technology Wave New technologies and the digitization of services are creating big benefits for airline and MRO operators to streamline maintenance, reduce operating costs and take full advantage of the skyrocketing air travel demand. Early adopters of these three trends will see operations completely transformed. Watch out for these technologies coming to MRO near you in 2017. Kevin Deal is Vice President of Aerospace & Defense at IFS. Technology Related Reads Report: E-Commerce To Approach $2 Trillion This Year; Top $4 Trillion In 2020 Optimizing Maintenance For Tomorrow Putting Tiered Maintenance To Work M2M + Security + Cloud = Love Advertisement Advertisement View the discussion thread. Connect with Manufacturing Business Technology Facebook Twitter Resources About Us Advertising Info Contact Us Directory FAQs Privacy Policy Product Announcement Form Subscriptions Terms & Conditions Contributor Guidelines Topics Automotive Cloud Computing Design & Development E-Commerce ERP Economics Energy Global Iot Labor Operations Purchasing Quality Control Regulatory Security Software Supply Chain Technology © Copyright 2017 Advantage Business Media Advertisement
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Resources > IndustryWeek Best Plants > 2016 IW Best Plants Winner: Lean Helps UTC Take Flight and Soar 2016 IW Best Plants Winner: Lean Helps UTC Take Flight and Soar Mar 20, 2017 Dave Blanchard EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 UTC Aerostructures is relentlessly focused on driving waste out of its production processes, one second at a time. Nacelles must be fully functional for 60,000+ flight cycles and 20 years of operation. UTC Aerostructures Advertisement Product lifecycles in the aerospace industry are significantly longer than for other manufactured products. While some industries face rapid obsolescence of their products (processed food, of course, but also high-tech gadgets), airplanes are expected to last for decades, given their high-ticket initial cost. So too, then, each major component of the aircraft must be built to last… for a long time. However, UTC Aerospace Systems–Aerostructures, based in Foley, Ala., measures time not in decades or years or even hours, but in seconds. A typical 8-hour shift, minus breaks, occupies 25,200 seconds. For example, one of the Foley site’s production lines produces four sets of major nacelle components—a nacelle is the aerodynamic structure that surrounds a jet engine—for the Boeing 737NG every day. That means that production line needs to move every 6,300 seconds, explains Darrell Wilson, the plant manager at the Foley facility. Large takt time clocks spread throughout the facility tick down from “6300” four times a day to ensure every employee is working towards achieving that goal, at a cadence made possible by the plant’s long history of continuous improvement initiatives. The idea, Wilson says, is that by reducing a second here and a second there from the process, day in and day out, pretty soon you find you’ve saved an entire hour. The Foley plant manufactures nacelle system components for all of the leading commercial airplane manufacturers, including Airbus, Boeing, Bombardier and Embraer, as well as components for some military aircraft manufacturers. The facility was acquired in 2012 by United Technologies Corp., an industrial technology conglomerate known for its ACE (Achieving Competitive Excellence) corporate continuous improvement program, but the Foley plant’s lean culture actually dates back to the mid-1990s, when as part of the Goodrich organization, it implemented the Toyota Production System (TPS). Related The 2016 IndustryWeek Best Plants Award Winners: Excellence in Manufacturing 2017 M&T Show Will Help Manufacturers Face the Future Confidently “We were already very familiar with the basic continuous improvement philosophy when UTC introduced ACE to us,” notes Don Chesscher, operations manager. “Traditionally, we looked at waste in the assembly process, and UTC as a corporation tends to look more at quality and the mechanical process. But at the end of the day, it’s still all about waste, and that’s what we focus on eliminating.” To that end, each employee uses very detailed standard work to manufacture components to the customer’s requirements. How detailed? UTC Aerostructures has documented more than 30,000 pages of standard work in support of its operations. UTC Aerospace Systems – Aerostructures Foley, Ala. Employees: 583, non-union Total Square Footage: 232,000 Primary Product/Market: Aerospace engine nacelle components Start-up Date: 1984 Achievements: Work-in-process, finished goods inventory and average days on hand for raw material have decreased 15% over past three years; first-pass yield for all finished products is at 99.6%. “One day you think something is part of the standard work process, but the next day you notice there is waste in that process,” Wilson explains. “Having standard work processes is key to where we are today.” Henry Mott, quality/ACE manager, relates an example of how one reluctant worker became a passionate convert to standard work. “One of our employees was struggling with standard work and takt time,” he remembers. “She was nervous, feeling she was being watched, until she started to see how her productivity and performance gradually improved over time. She was redeployed to another area of the plant that wasn’t using standard work, and she became a very vocal proponent that her new area begin instituting standard work. You could say she became a true believer because she saw how standard work helped her.” A recent acquisition of a robotic fastener installation machine has led to significant improvements in quality and safety—and slashes cycle time by about two-thirds. Later this year, UTC Aerostructures will go live with a 80,000 sq. ft. plant expansion in support of the Airbus A320 platform, which is manufactured nearby in Mobile, Ala. Part of this expansion will be a purpose-built showroom where Airbus and its customers can inspect and approve components prior to their shipment to other facilities for installation. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles The 2016 IndustryWeek Best Plants Award Winners: Excellence in Manufacturing 2016 IndustryWeek Best Plants Finalists Announced Lean and Continuous Improvement Best Practices Featured at IW M&T Show 2014 IW Best Plants Winner: How L.B. Foster’s Vancouver Plant Created a Culture of Lean 2016 IW Best Plants Winner: From Zero to Lean in Record Time at Metform Group For Your Information Apr 8, 2015 Article About the IndustryWeek Best Plants Program Information about the IndustryWeek Best Plants awards program....More Apr 8, 2015 Article Download the Current IndustryWeek Best Plants Application To receive an application, please fill out the form below and hit the "Submit" button located directly beneath the form....More Apr 8, 2015 Article IndustryWeek's Best Plants Award Winners, 1990-2015 A complete list of IndustryWeek's Best Plants award winners (1990-2015)...More THE LATEST ZTE Pleads Guilty to Violating Sanctions on Iran Tech Sales Toyota Industries Buys Dutch Equipment Maker for $1.25 Billion True Leaders Are a Couple Steps Ahead of Everybody Else With a Little Fanfare, FCA Opens Worker Academy in Indiana Overtime Threshold Ripe for Review, Says Trump Labor Pick Daimler Employees Said to Be Probed Over Diesel Allegations More Advertisement Best Plants Slideshows Jul 12, 2016 gallery Benchmark This: Manufacturing Data from the IndustryWeek Best Plants 2 How does your manufacturing data compare with the IndustryWeek Best Plants Award winners and finalists? May 17, 2016 gallery 2016 IndustryWeek M&T Conference & Expo Highlight: IW Best Plants Awards Ceremony During a luncheon celebration, eight winning manufacturing plants – representing the leading edge of efforts to increase competitiveness, enhance customer satisfaction, and create stimulating and rewarding work environments – received their IW Best Plants Awards as an enthusiastic audience shared in the celebration. May 10, 2016 gallery Camcraft: Precision Machining on Display 2015 IndustryWeek Best Plants winner Camcraft Inc., Hanover Park, Ill., graciously opened its doors to attendees of the IndustryWeek Manufacturing & Technology Conference & Expo, held May 3-5, 2016, in Rosemont, Ill. This slideshow shares some of what those attendees saw. Mar 17, 2016 Industry Awards Superior Performers: The 2015 IndustryWeek Best Plants Award Winners The 2015 IW Best Plants Award winners represent our 26th class of high achievers. They join stellar company with stellar aims: to be even better tomorrow. Jul 29, 2015 gallery Benchmarking Data: How Does Your Manufacturing Plant Compare? These benchmark numbers offer a glimpse at the potential for achievement in manufacturing organizations that are committed to world-class competitiveness. Best Plants Videos Feb 29, 2016 video IW Manufacturing & Technology Show 2016 View the quick video and see why this event is the must-attend manufacturing and technology show of the year....More May 6, 2015 video John Dyer on the 'Facade of Lean' Many companies are reaping huge benefits from Lean implementation, but others are still struggling, according to noted process improvement and Lean operations expert John Dyer....More May 6, 2015 video Cessna Mexico's Exceptional Quality Results The people who work at Cessna, Mexico's large manufacturing campus in Chihuahua have a lot to be proud of....More May 6, 2015 Article Panasonic Forecasts Internet of Things by Recalling its Past “They indicated a willingness to take a risk,” Todd Rytting, the chief technology officer for Panasonic Corporation of North America, said during a breakfast keynote at IndustryWeek’s Best Plant Awards in Charlotte, N.C. “They indicated a willingness to change.”...More May 5, 2015 video Quality Saved General Cable's Marion, IN Plant The plant was slated to close, but a focus on continuous improvement and safety led to investment and expansion....More May 5, 2015 video L.B. Foster: Lean From Top to Bottom Canadian manufacturer of transportation and construction materials has implemented lean processes in every area of its operations....More Tweets about #MFGDAY16 OR #IWMfgDay Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Sign in Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Password recovery Recover your password your email Search 33 C Lagos Thursday, March 23, 2017 Sign in / Join SIGNUP TO BREAKING NEWS ALERTS LOG IN Welcome! Log into your account Forgot your password? Recover your password THISDAYLIVE Home Business Politics Nigeria Health & Wellbeing Education Life & Style Sport Editorial Backpage Home Business Olowo: Nigerian Environment is Very Hostile for Business Olowo: Nigerian Environment is Very Hostile for Business March 20, 2017 0 1379 INTERVIEW President/CEO of Sabre Network NMC, West Africa and President of the Aviation Round Table, Gabriel Olowo, in this interview with Chinedu Eze, spoke on unfavourable government policies and the harsh operating environment, which he blamed for the failure of businesses in Nigeria, including airlines. Excerpts: Why do you think domestic airlines fail in Nigeria? Thirty percent of the failures of the airlines are mismanagement by the owners and 70 percent are from government and the harsh economic environment. I have been in the sector since 1973 and I have seen the airlines failing within a space of ten years they started operations. So, there is a common factor. The business of Nigeria Airways was government business. The problem of corporate governance has always been there. The Nigeria Airways was supposed to be repackaged and become a new carrier but the then President said the government is not buying into the repackaging programme. The second generation airlines such as Okada Air, Harco, Oriental Airlines, Triax, Kabo among others all meant well. Okada said they wanted to prove to the government that they could do the business and they brought a Boeing B747 but that aircraft never flew but was left to rot. The investment was wasted. He got a promise from then second in command then during the Military regime, which was not fulfilled, so we were looking at the airplane everyday as it parked at the airport rotting. It was initially planned to do Lagos-London-Lagos routes. The aircraft did not operate due to government’s inimical policy. It was the same situation with Okada and Kabo Air. Recently three banks wanted to take over Etisalat due to the debts it owed the banks but the Nigerian Communication Commission and the Minister of Communication intervened and stopped them, but there was no indication that the Minister or the Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority (NCAA) made any step to save Arik or even Aero Contractors. Why is it so in the aviation industry? The Nigerian environment is very hostile for business and our civil servants in the Aviation Ministry (now Ministry of Transport) are supposed to see to the advancement of the sector, ensuring that airlines succeed. They are supposed to measure their progress from year to year. They should tell us the number of aircraft in the last one year, the number of airlines that have increased their fleet over the years, the growth rate amongst others. So, if there is no growth, there can be no development. Aviation Ministry, what are you set up to achieve? Where is aviation? How come Ethiopian Airline took us over? How come South Africa Airways took us over? What is that Ministry doing? The civil service is the government. The President will talk through the Minister of Aviation, who is responsible for the ministry, even if the Nigeria Civil Aviation Authority is autonomous. How has the foreign exchange policy affected the aviation sector? What I am trying to establish first and foremost is the mortality rate of our airlines. Why has it been ten years, after which they die? Bellview was 14years. 30 percent are caused by owners’ arbitrariness. Success got into their head so quickly and they ignored professional decisions and professional managers. In the government environment, there are a lot of factors. Foreign exchange is one that is highly volatile. It has always been like this in the last forty years. Early 1970s, I remember, the exchange rate was N4.00 to a dollar. During the first coming of President Buhari, we faced the foreign exchange problem and the airlines were running with what was called blended rate. Various banks offered different exchange rates. Foreign airlines were faced with that. About five airlines left Nigeria. I was working for a Brazilian airline, Varig. I was deputy General Manager. The airline left this country because of foreign exchange. They had naira in Nigeria, but they could not repatriate their revenue due to scarcity of foreign exchange. Iberia left, Varig, Scandinavian Airline amongst others left. Since then a big vacuum was created. During Buhari’s first coming, there was trade with Brazil; we had counter trade with Brazil. Volkswagen Nigeria was relating with Volkswagen Brazil. We had Sakamori, we had telecom from that country, pharmaceutical businesses from Brazil. There was huge economic exchange that time, but since their airline left there is vacuum between Nigeria and Brazil in terms of business interaction. There was huge economic boost between Africa and South America then. Once aviation link is broken, economy is dead. We lost everything. As far back as 1994, exchange rate was around N22 per dollar. Nigerian airlines were selling one hour flight ticket for Lagos-Abuja or Lagos-Kano at N2, 200 and at the exchange rate of N22 per dollar that amounted to $100. Lagos-Abuja was $100 value in 1994, which was about 23 years ago. Today exchange rate has moved from N22 to N450. Today, an airline sold ticket for N16, 000, which amounts to 30 dollars. Someone in government should raise an alarm over this. Do they want to kill us? If I am in government, I will shut down the airline because this is showing you desperation for cash flow. And they call it promotion. What kind of promotion? Exchange rate will never make you earn the right tariff because people will not be able to buy the ticket. So, you decide to reduce the price; meanwhile, your cost is increasing. The airlines in Nigeria currently are not charging the right tariff after 23 years. If people cannot fly, then do not kill them. If I am NCAA Director General, I will shut any airline that charges less than $100 for one hour flight ticket. The recession, which peaked last year, adversely affected the business in Nigeria, but it seems to have affected the airlines more? The airlines borrowed a lot and their borrowing has dollar content and you do all your sales in naira, how can you get the foreign exchange content? You go to CBN, CBN sells dollar at N305, which is not available. You spend so much on training, maintenance, so much for distribution. You have to pay dollars for virtually everything. The dollar is not available so, the operators have to go to the black market to get dollars at a higher rate than the rate he sold the ticket. How do you want that airline owner to service his debts? Because he has started, he cannot kill the business, so he keeps on struggling and he gets to a level that all the creditors gang up against him. The airlines AMCON has taken what success has it made of them? What is the objective of taking them over? A job of the receiver manager is to assess your assets and liabilities and make up your mind on whether you will revive it or kill the company? All over the world, when a business goes to receivership, he might decide to say since the company is bankrupt; they will keep the business running and make sure the business does not die. They can set all the debts aside and say when the business picks up, they can attend to other things. I do not think we have bankruptcy law in Nigeria and if that is the case, it behooves on our regulator to find a way to support our airlines, having seen how and why they are dying, which is as a result of direct and indirect contribution. If Richard Branson came here and failed, what are the factors responsible? Richard Branson is doing well in Australia, in US and Europe, why did he fail in Nigeria? The Ministry of Aviation, NCAA and all stakeholders should consider this. If Richard Branson failed in Nigeria, then do not blame Nigerian airlines at all. When Branson was leaving, he said Nigerian politicians are carrier destroyers. They do not follow through an agreement, they cancel agreements. What is going to be the investor confidence?  The NCAA and the Ministry which are supposed to be government agents and decision makers should not have allowed AMCON to do what it did. They will ask AMCON their objective. An airline that went from 30 aircraft to nine and your eyes are wide open. Did the bad economy of the airline happen in one day? The aircraft would have been going for maintenance and not coming back. They are supposed to monitor the economic health of the airlines on a daily basis. The airline fills the forms and the NCAA has the right to make sure it is correct. When you are talking about capitalisation in this sector, it is not like the banks. Capitalisation is not liquidity. Our NCAA must be ready to see how liquid the airlines are. If they are not liquid, they must find out why and you must account for his problem of liquidity and where he can account for it. When you realise that revenue is not covering cost; you have a job to do. Nigerians are watching to see the development in the new management of Arik Air. What is the hope that they will be able to revive the airline? Personally, I have no hope on AMCON because antecedent has not convinced me otherwise. The way they have been moving in the last three to four weeks, I see no hope. They took over Aero Contractors and I haven’t seen anything after that. They removed the CEO of Aero and sent him to the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA) (Captain FOla Akinkuotu), they brought in the chief pilot from Arik to Aero (Captain Ado Sanusi), all their postings have been haphazard, so I see no hope but I pray that they don’t kill the airline. The airline must not go under. It is not about paying off the banks but it is an in-depth understanding of the cause of the problem. If there are priority allocations of foreign exchange to some sectors, even religion, this is a very sensitive sector for FX allocation. If the airline operator has borrowed with huge FX content, and FX has gotten to such an alarming rate, then there is a problem. For foreign airlines, they reduce frequencies, they are cutting their expenses, their operational base is not in Nigeria. So, all they do is sell here and move their money. So, they know how to handle their problems. The Nigerian airlines’ home is here. Somebody needs sympathy for them and that sympathy should be from our own government, our NCAA and the Ministry. I see no reason why we cannot call the airlines together and find a way to make them strong. If I have my way, I will merge all of them into one without killing their individual identity. The total aircraft for Nigerian airlines today is less than thirty. South African Airways has 53 aircraft, Ethiopian airline has close to 100. We can bring our airlines together and do a very robust schedule for all their airlines put together. I will draw a roster; the first airline for flight one; the next flight will be used as flight two. If the first airline does not go for any reason, the second airline can go, while the third airline can be used as flight three. The schedule will be maintained. So, you will be competing to do your flight because you are on the schedule and I will do 1000 flights using all the aircraft. I will use technology. If they can grow their fleet, they will continue to grow it to make it efficient. If you are going to position the aeroplane, we must have a standby. If you cannot position it in 30 minutes to take off, then the airline on standby will move in. The issue is policy. The NCAA just needs to ask for the airlines’ airworthy aircraft; we can have two strong competitors. This is to reduce competition and improve standard because NCAA will not take rubbish from any airline. That is what Imo Air is trying to do. Imo Air operated by Dana Air that is the concept. It is done all over the world. If you go to the United State that is what is done. American Airlines operated by different operators. American Airlines has robust schedule and it is not operated by American Airline aircraft but aircraft under the supervision of American Airline. There are reports in the industry that the new management of Arik may have to dispose 70 percent of the workforce. What do you think will be the effect of this, considering the size of Arik? If they do this, it will be suicide. I will make manpower 60 percent and money 40 percent. If you fire the Arik workers and you are thinking of a good airline tomorrow, you may be running into problems. Look at the workers in the industry, the people circulating are people that came out of most airlines that have gone under. Manpower is the key and if AMCON is serious about managing the airline, it should just retain manpower now. Keep the manpower because it is even the least costly. In Nigeria, each time there is crisis; manpower is the first they will cut, which is not supposed to be so. Manpower should be retained because we need it again and again. When we were planning the restructuring of the now defunct Nigerian Airways, we realised it had 6,000 workers but just one aircraft. We said to ourselves, let us keep some of this 6,000. So we looked at all the assets of Nigeria Airways, which include the engines, the catering department, water department, maintenance department, amongst others. After we did the forensic audit, we knew that from all the assets, we should be able to get six brand new aircraft. We said we would call Boeing and Airbus and offer them all the assets in exchange for six aircraft. We would put four for domestic and West Africa and two for international. Then Nigerian Airways would complement other indigenous airlines and we would not have too much competition in the domestic market. We then looked at the world average with regard to workforce per aircraft. In some countries, you need 50 to 100 workers per aircraft, in some airlines we have between 150 to 300 workers per aircraft. So, we did an average and arrived at retaining 200 people per aircraft. Since we would be able to get six aircraft from the assets, that would give us 1,200 workers from the six aircraft. So, we bloated it and said we would take 2,000 out of the 6,000. So, our recommendation was to retain 2,000 out of 6,000 because we are going to start a new airline and we wanted  to go to the Nigeria Stock Exchange where we would float a company for the Nigerian people and it would be the people’s airline. The owners would be qualified, chosen from the Nigerian people and serious managers would be in charge, home and abroad. A Nigerian is the Director of Engineering in American airline. The man manages 800 aeroplanes. Unfortunately, all we said was not implemented and we learnt that the airline was shut down. So, manpower is the key. What is your take on the national carrier proposed by the Minister? I am in haste and I want to see it quickly. I support it but I will not agree it be called a national carrier. It should be called another flag carrier. If the kind of consolidation I am suggesting for the existing ones happen, we will have two big players to face a British Airways. With the kind of players we have, we cannot face a British Airways or a Lufthansa. We cannot even compare with Ethiopia Airlines. Commercial discussion here is not a joke, while our people in the Ministry will go without the airline officials to negotiate. What is the level of collaboration between private sector and government when it comes to issues that affect aviation? Aviation Round Table is an NGO, which is made up of concerned people in the industry. The best we can do is to talk and send the communiqué to the government to see. We discuss the issues and recommend the best ways to go about the issues. The communiqué goes to the President, the Minister and the media. We have reflected on almost every issue in the last one year, it is left for government to implement some of the solutions we have proffered. What is driving us is to know how aviation can advance? What is making Emirates big? We are celebrating Ethiopian Airlines to Kaduna but where is our own to celebrate? This is very sad. Ethiopian came to run Air Nigeria for us and now Ethiopian is on top. What do you think should be the average number of aircraft by Nigerian airlines in your own estimation?  In the Nigeria of my dream an operator must start with an equivalent of a South African Airways, which is 50 aircraft for one operator. We must do equal services to the countries of all the foreign airlines. If Lufthansa does three flights, I will do three to Germany. BA will do seven and I will do seven. You will not let them do 21 and ask me to do 21 because they already have the market. I am going to deliberately reduce their market and give it to my people. I must make sure that our airline has what it takes before I will go to Britain to negotiate. They will tell you Heathrow is not available, then, I will tell them Lagos is also not available.  You have to give my own people Heathrow Airport, London for me to give you Lagos. I won’t do open sky because I do not have the muscle yet. The muscles the foreign airlines have are stronger than mine. What kind of nationalism do I have? I went to negotiate air traffic in India for the defunct Bellview because Nigeria said we cannot do London and other lucrative routes, I wanted to prove that we can do it as we have aeroplanes and pilot to do it. We had Airbus 300 and A800, which was the biggest at the time, sold for $52million. Those in the Ministry said if we go to London we would disgrace the (Nigerian) flag; they didn’t believe us. So they asked if we could go to India and we agreed, but unknown to us, we didn’t know what they meant was for us to go and die. Stupidly, we took the business. When I went to negotiate Bilateral Air Service Agreement (BASA), the Indians I met were real experienced aviators. They said we should not come to India because they did not want to come to Nigeria. They held our aircraft at some point, which they found drugs, so they put all the bills down and they asked us to pay the bills if we want to come to their country. So, we agreed to settle the bills. They went on to tell us that inside our aircraft, they will give us 100 seats and we will be selling as Air India. Those are commercial negotiations. How will you go and negotiate for Arik and you will not take Arik official with you? What kind of Ministry is this? When they take Arik officials, they tell them they are observers, they are not supposed to talk, we are the Ministry and we should talk. Is it the Ministry that will fly? Our industry is dead. They were selling Air India but it is inside my aeroplane. They were making money, doing nothing. That is commercial agreement. How can a Ministry go and do commercial agreement without an airline? Going forward, we need someone who understands the economics of the business. As the minister of Aviation, you should understand where the money is coming from. There are reports in the industry saying foreign airlines are taking some of our best hands, meanwhile we have pilots with fewer experience that do not have anywhere else to go. Do you think it is a plus? It is plus for us. What will a pilot do if there is no aeroplane to fly? If my aeroplane reduces from 30 to nine and my pilots are sitting down, they cannot fly. That was why they picketed Landover because pilots were rostered and there was no service for them. They are very delicate specie because if you want to hire them you have to be very careful, especially if you don’t have sufficient hour for them to fly. Let them go and get experience and the day I need them, I will go for them. The day we have strong two players with 50 aircraft each, then we will get there. Then, a Nigerian pilot will be cheaper; a Nigerian engineer will be cheaper. If a give a Nigerian pilot house in Ikeja, an expatriate will say he wants a house in Ikoyi, with security. Previous articleLeveraging on Nigeria-China Trade Ties Next article$355m OTC FX Futures Contracts Mature This Week Online Editor RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Business TEF Selects 1,000 Successful Applicants for 2017 Entrepreneurship Programme Business Fidelity Bank Supports Education Centre Business Lafarge Africa’s Full Year Profit Falls by 38% to N16.8bn 986,886FansLike 729,061FollowersFollow Latest News Increase Enrollment of Children into FG Colleges, Minister Urges Bauchi Govtt March 23, 2017 Bello: Minna Airport ‘Credible’ Alternative to Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport March 23, 2017 Dollar Drops Below N400/$ for First Time in Seven Months March 23, 2017 N’Assembly Approves $500m Eurobond Issue March 23, 2017 Four Killed, Dozens Injured in Terror Attack on British Parliament March 23, 2017 THISDAY Today (Download) Download Wednesday 22nd March 2017 March 23, 2017 0 Recent Comments Zirem on Atiku Condmns Killings at Zaki Biam tiamiyu fatai on FG, States, LGs Share N429bn for February Admonisher on Dollar Drops Below N400/$ for First Time in Seven Months Mystic mallam on The Silent Battles of Life Admonisher on Fayose: I Shunned Entreaties to Join APC Because of Disrespect to Tinubu MOST COMMENTED Nigeria WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 440 Davidson Iriekpen President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed the ruling of Justice Adeniyi Ademola of the Federal High Court in Abuja who on May 26, 2016... Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 LATEST Increase Enrollment of Children into FG Colleges, Minister Urges Bauchi Govtt March 23, 2017 Bello: Minna Airport ‘Credible’ Alternative to Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport March 23, 2017 Dollar Drops Below N400/$ for First Time in Seven Months March 23, 2017 N’Assembly Approves $500m Eurobond Issue March 23, 2017 Four Killed, Dozens Injured in Terror Attack on British Parliament March 23, 2017 MOST COMMENTED WAEC Certificate: Buhari Files Appeal against Ruling Dismissing His Objection June 15, 2016 440 Economy Gone Out of Buhari’s Control, Says Lai Mohammed March 12, 2016 Buhari: Nigeria Can’t Afford Forex Demand for Students Studying Abroad March 6, 2016 PRESIDENT BUHARI, DON’T OFFEND THOSE KIDS March 12, 2016 ABOUT USFounded on January 22, 1995, THISDAY is published by THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD., 35 Creek Road Apapa, Lagos, Nigeria with offices in 36 states of Nigeria , the Federal Capital Territory and around the world. It is Nigeria's most authoritative news media available on all platforms for the political, business, professional and diplomatic elite and broader middle classes while serving as the meeting point of new ideas, culture and technology for the aspirationals and millennials. The newspaper is a public trust dedicated to the pursuit of truth and reason covering a range of issues from breaking news to politics, business, the markets, the arts, sports and community to the crossroads of people and society. Contact us: hello@thisdaylive.com FOLLOW US About Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 THISDAY NEWSPAPERS LTD.
Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter Home About Contact Jobs Board Community Calendar Ad Rates OCB DARTS Dining Arts and Entertainment DONS Breaking Spotlight Entertainment Communities Anaheim Buena Park Cerritos Cypress Garden Grove Huntington Beach La Palma Long Beach Los Alamitos Rossmoor Seal Beach Stanton Westminster Education Oxford Academy St. Hedwig Parish School St. Irenaeus Parish School Sunburst Youth ChalleNGe Academy College CSU Long Beach Cypress College Elementary School Arnold Elementary School Clara King Elementary School Grace Christian Elementary School Hopkinson Elementary School Landell Elementary School Lee Elementary School Los Alamitos Elementary School Luther Elementary School McGaugh Elementary School Morris Elementary School Rossmoor Elementary School Steve Luther Elementary School Vessels Elementary School Weaver Elementary School Middle School McAuliffe Middle School Oak Middle School Junior High School Lexington Junior High School High School Cypress High School Kennedy High School Los Alamitos High School School District Cypress School District Anaheim Union High School District Los Alamitos Unified School District North Orange County Community College District Military JFTB NWS Army Marines Navy Air Force CalGuard Police Blotter  Printer-friendly version of this article Home Public Safety Michael Theodore Mordaunt sentenced for using social media with intent to commit lewd acts March 20th, 2017 courtesy Crime, Cypress, Public Safety 0 comments A man was sentenced to 12 years in state prison today for contacting underage victims through social media with the intent of committing lewd acts. Michael Theodore Mordaunt, 47, Cypress, pleaded guilty to 19 felony counts of contacting a child with the intent to commit a specified crime, five felony counts of lewd acts upon a child age 14 or 15,two felony counts of lewd acts upon a child under 14, three felony counts of meeting a minor with the intent to engage in lewd conduct, one felony count of possession and control of child pornography, and a sentencing enhancement allegation for substantial sexual conduct with a child. In addition to prison, Mordaunt was also sentenced to mandatory lifetime sex offender registration. At the time of the crime, Mordaunt was working in the Information Technology Department of the Boeing Company in Seal Beach. Between Feb. 25, 2009, and Jan. 15, 2014, Mordaunt created several Myspace and Facebook accounts using the image of a young teenage boy who is surfing. He contacted minor girls, primarily between the ages of 12 and 16 years old, with the intent to commit lewd acts on the victims. He contacted minor Jane Does using these social networking websites as well as through text messages and phone calls. Mordaunt had sexually explicit conversations and attempted to meet with the victims. The defendant requested and received sexually explicit pictures from several victims. On multiple occasions, Mordaunt committed lewd acts on multiple Jane Does. In 2013, Cypress Police Department and Garden Grove Police Department began separate investigations related to this case. The case turned into a joint investigation with the assistance from the Anaheim, La Palma, Los Alamitos, and Seal Beach Police Departments, the Orange County Child Exploitation Task Force, and U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s Homeland Security Investigations. Deputy District Attorney Bobby Taghavi of the Sexual Assault Unit prosecuted this case. This article was released by the Orange County District Attorney’s Office. Tags crime Cypress CA Cypress Police Department Orange County CA Orange County District Attorney's Office Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Pinterest Next article Weather in northwest Orange County for Tuesday, March 21, 2017 Previous article Get free admission, screening of The Jungle Book at Queen Mary courtesy This author is used when OC Breeze publishes news releases from other organizations. Related Posts Buena Park March 22nd, 2017 Buena Park Police seeking three suspects in Franklin Avenue murder Community March 21st, 2017 La Palma police blotter, March 9 to March 15, 2017 Community March 21st, 2017 Cypress police blotter, March 12 to March 17, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply (Click above for more information.) OC Breeze by emailReceive a summary of the latest news in your email inbox first thing every morning. Name Last Name Email (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) (Click above for more information.) Polls How do you follow important city news? Read the local printed weekly paper Read the regional printed paper Online local news site (Orange County Breeze) Online local news site (News Enterprise) Online regional news site (Orange County Register) Facebook Twitter Nextdoor Word of mouth Online local news site (Los Al News/Let's Fix Los Al) Local access (cable) TV Other View Results  Loading ... More to read every day March 2017 S M T W T F S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Breaking Spotlight Editorial Life Events Back to top (Click above for more information.) © Orange County Breeze 2016. All rights reserved. Produced by Orange County Breeze Newspaper LLC.
Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) Trading Strategies6 Update: Ekso Bionics: "Make or Break" Moment Trading Strategies 0 Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading Strategies0 Three Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6 Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Trading Strategies1 Three Reasons You Shouldn't Try to Invest Like Warren Buffett Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Disruptive Trend Could Soon Be Worth $86 Billion – Here's How Investors Can Get in Right Now Trading Strategies0 How to Profit Safely and Smartly in This Slowing Market Investing Ideas0 The Illusion of Bargain Retail Stocks – and How to Trade Them Now trading strategies0 This Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3 The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest trading strategies0 The Future of Retail Is Not What You Think Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets1 How to Profit After The Worst Trading Day in 2017 Global Markets0 Rate Hike Briefing: Here's What Those 25 Points Mean for You Global Markets1 These 4 Plunging Stocks Have One Subtle "Code Word" in Common Global Markets1 Here's What the Media Is Ignoring About TSLA'S Sketchy Earnings Global Markets0 The Death of Retail Is Taking a Big Bite Out of This Food Company Global Markets0 TSLA Will Announce Earnings Today – Here's My Prediction Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Zenith Trading Circler Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Yellen’s Next 0.25% Rate Hike Could Destroy This Industry Options1 Why You Don't Need to Fear a Market Correction retirement0 The Truth About Dow 21,000 trading strategies0 How to Pocket an Easy 100% Profit on Home Depot Options0 Your Most Lucrative Bitcoin Play of the Year Could Arrive Next Week Options0 The Only Reason to Ever Sit Out of the Stock Market Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Money Calendar Pro Private service. Not a member? Weekly Cash Clock Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Stocks0 How to Profit from the U.S.-U.K. Marijuana “Research Gap” Technology0 As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money Technology0 With This Stock, 1.86 Billion People Will Be Your Tenants Trading Strategies 0 The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading Strategies0 The Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments Technology0 We Started Hating This Company Just in Time Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 This "Nanocatalyst" Breakthrough Will Change the Way We Drive Cars Forever Oil0 What This Oil Price Roller Coaster Actually Tells Us Trading Strategies 0 What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I Oil0 The Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2 What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Oil0 How Iran's Gas Plans Just Put Russia "Under Siege" Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Micro Energy Trader Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor Don't Get Stopped by the "Declination of Independence" Two of our favorite U.S. heavyweights – The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) and Ford Motor Co. (NYSE: F) – are pushing forward with plans to put factories in China, positioning themselves to be winners in the part of the world where we’ll see the most growth in the decade to come. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies0 How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) Trading Strategies6 Update: Ekso Bionics: "Make or Break" Moment Trading Strategies 0 Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading Strategies0 Three Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6 Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Trading Strategies1 Three Reasons You Shouldn't Try to Invest Like Warren Buffett Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading Investing Ideas0 This Disruptive Trend Could Soon Be Worth $86 Billion – Here's How Investors Can Get in Right Now Trading Strategies0 How to Profit Safely and Smartly in This Slowing Market Investing Ideas0 The Illusion of Bargain Retail Stocks – and How to Trade Them Now trading strategies0 This Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3 The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest trading strategies0 The Future of Retail Is Not What You Think Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets1 How to Profit After The Worst Trading Day in 2017 Global Markets0 Rate Hike Briefing: Here's What Those 25 Points Mean for You Global Markets1 These 4 Plunging Stocks Have One Subtle "Code Word" in Common Global Markets1 Here's What the Media Is Ignoring About TSLA'S Sketchy Earnings Global Markets0 The Death of Retail Is Taking a Big Bite Out of This Food Company Global Markets0 TSLA Will Announce Earnings Today – Here's My Prediction Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Zenith Trading Circler Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Yellen’s Next 0.25% Rate Hike Could Destroy This Industry Options1 Why You Don't Need to Fear a Market Correction retirement0 The Truth About Dow 21,000 trading strategies0 How to Pocket an Easy 100% Profit on Home Depot Options0 Your Most Lucrative Bitcoin Play of the Year Could Arrive Next Week Options0 The Only Reason to Ever Sit Out of the Stock Market Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Money Calendar Pro Private service. Not a member? Weekly Cash Clock Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Stocks0 How to Profit from the U.S.-U.K. Marijuana “Research Gap” Technology0 As Silicon Valley Takes Over Detroit, Here's Where to Put Your Money Technology0 With This Stock, 1.86 Billion People Will Be Your Tenants Trading Strategies 0 The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading Strategies0 The Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments Technology0 We Started Hating This Company Just in Time Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Oil0 This "Nanocatalyst" Breakthrough Will Change the Way We Drive Cars Forever Oil0 What This Oil Price Roller Coaster Actually Tells Us Trading Strategies 0 What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I Oil0 The Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2 What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Oil0 How Iran's Gas Plans Just Put Russia "Under Siege" Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Micro Energy Trader Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: With This American Company, the Only Losers Are the Investors Who Bet Against It Message: URL: https://mney.co/2ldkHvI  −  three  =  1 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: With This American Company, the Only Losers Are the Investors Who Bet Against It Message: URL: https://mney.co/2ldkHvI  −  1  =  one Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Follow topicFollow Best Investments Alerts3 responses stocks With This American Company, the Only Losers Are the Investors Who Bet Against It By Casey Wilson, Associate Editor, Money Morning • March 1, 2017 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website 6  +   =  12 Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Today we're excited to share with you the latest pick from our champion stock picker, Bill Patalon. He's calling it the ultimate "Rocky Balboa" stock – one that has defied the odds time and time again. Bill's been keen on this stock since 2011, when he first recommended it to his readers. Those who listened to him have enjoyed gains of over 157%. And Bill can't wait to share this one with you again. Now, here's Bill… Hi, I'm Bill Patalon. I'm the Executive Editor here at Money Morning, and I'd like to tell you a story. I'm a big movie buff – movies of all kinds. You know, classic movies like "Gone with the Wind." Black-and-white movies like "Inherit the Wind." War movies like "The Battle of the Bulge." And I have to admit… I've got kind of a guilty pleasure with the "Rocky" movies. You know the ones I'm talking about. The boxer from Philadelphia, kind of the down in the mouth, hard-luck guy. You know, beats up people for a living then gets a shot at the title. Does really well, doesn't win. But even with that great showing, nobody takes him seriously. So he gets another shot – this time he wins! Still nobody takes him seriously. And all these other ensuing fights follow… He gets dropped, he comes back, he wins. Each time he gets dropped, everybody wants to write him off. Well, there's a company that has the same kind of syndrome: Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA). This is a company that goes back to the Great Depression, to the early years of aviation. And it just seems like nobody ever wants to admit this is a great company. Every time something happens, investors just want to abandon it – and it always comes back. You know, you had the Dreamliner. It took longer to develop than anybody expected it to – the stock sold off. Boeing made it happen; it's a successful airplane now. They got it on the market. The plane is flying. Donald Trump says, "Hey, you know what? I'm not going to pay all of this money for Air Force One," which, by the way, Boeing builds. The stock sells off. Boeing comes back. This is a company that comes back time and time and time again. It's a quality that is ingrained in its corporate DNA. And let me tell you a story that shows this… Don't Count This "Rocky Stock" Out So here's Boeing, you know, 1934. One of their executives, named Claire Egtvedt, is sitting one day when he gets this circular from the Army Air Corps. It wasn't the independent Air Force at the time, it was part of the Army. Just Released: These "Second Salary" Plays Could Make You and Your Grandkids Rich They're asking for the airplane companies in the country to design a new bomber for the Air Corps. They wanted it to be a multiengine bomber. And Egtvedt looked at this… Again, you've got to think about this. You know, the company is on the ropes a little bit. They are really having trouble. They've had a bunch of flops. They need a winner — they need to score. Boeing's "Flying Fortress," 1934 And he said, "Well, I wonder," thinking to himself… "Multiengine usually means two engines. But I wonder if four engines would be better." So he sent the engineers to work. He made this company decision that they were going to go forward with this new airplane. It was called the 299 – and it was gorgeous. I mean, when it rolled out of the hanger for the first time, people looked at it and were stunned. Four engines was one of the biggest airplanes of its time. Huge wingspan. This glistening, polished aluminum skin. Bristling with gun turrets. One reporter who looked at it at the time was so awestruck that he wrote the airplane, the 299, was a "veritable flying fortress" – and the name stuck. Today, we know the plane as the B-17. And we also know that it was one of the most important airplanes of World War II. Unfortunately, to win this contract, to win this competition, the Army Air Corps was holding this fly-off in Dayton, Ohio, where their big testing facility was. This plane, the 299, was so advanced that it left Seattle and arrived at Dayton hours before it was even expected. It was faster, could fly higher, and could perform better than the fighter planes that were supposed to attack it or defend against it at the time. It was the most advanced airplane in the world. You know, as Boeing put the plane, the 299, through its paces before the fly-off started, people were just amazed. There was no doubt at all who was going to win the competition once the fly-off started. But then disaster struck. In a pre-fly-off kind of testing flight, the airplane started to climb very steeply. Everyone knew something was wrong. It stalled, it plunged to the ground, crashed, and exploded. Don't Miss: This tiny $5 company just passed each of the seven benchmarks in this secret stock-picking method. Learn how to get in before its revenue surges an estimated 4,709%. Read more… Several of the crewmen were killed. A couple of others barely got out with their lives. It turned out that some of the very advanced technology that was required to fly this airplane had kind of worked against it. Because again, this was still very early on and folks were kind of getting used to all this new technology. So, the Air Corps had to award this contract to another company. But they'd seen enough to know that this was an airplane that they needed to have. So they also awarded a contract to Boeing to build a small number of these planes. As it turned out, the plane was so advanced and so adaptable that they just kept ordering more and more and more. And that was the plane that helped us win the war in Europe against Hitler's Germany. By the end of the war, we were mounting thousand-plane raids against some of the major German capitals, some of the major military targets. These planes were flying deep into Germany and back to England day after day after day. And had Boeing not taken that chance, they wouldn't have built thousands of these airplanes. They wouldn't have emerged as a winner. They were counted out and once again they proved that they could rise above it all and beat expectations and win. What's Next for Boeing I recommended this stock back in 2011. This is a company I know really well. You know, my father when I was growing up was an aeronautical engineer for Pratt and Whitney, and Hamilton Sundstrand. He designed controls for an attack bomber. You know, he infused in me a lifelong love for aviation, for aviation history, for airplanes. I mean we fly radio control planes. We fly drones. We go to air shows. And, you know, my favorite museum on the face of the earth is the National Air and Space Museum in Washington. Bill Patalon with drones, 2016 So I know aviation. I know airplanes. I know Boeing. This is a company that just keeps coming back over and over again. I recommended the stock in 2011. The stock is up over 157% since I recommended it. And every time it sells off, every time something happens, I recommend it again. You know, the Dreamliner battery thing. People abandoned the stock in droves. I wrote a column to my subscribers and said "buy this stock." Everybody that listened to me doubled their money from that point. And you see it time and again… The world economy has changed in a big way. The nexus of global growth has shifted from the West to Asia. If you go back to 1985 – you're talking about the United States, Europe, Japan – kind of the "Big Three." Those guys, all of us, accounted for about two-thirds of world economic growth. Fast forward to today… Now, the whole thing has flipped. Two-thirds of world production has shifted to Asia and the "Big Three" now accounts for only 29% of that growth. You know, so when you look at this… I mean, this whole kind of shift in the world economy. That is like proof positive. It kind of makes it obvious that global travel is going to escalate. Companies in the West, they want the markets in Asia. They want access to all of those new consumers. And all of those markets there, they want access to our innovation, to our technology. You know, so it's a mutually beneficial relationship and it's going to drive global travel. It's going to drive the need for new routes, for new airlines, for new carriers. And that is all going to drive the need for all these new airplanes I'm talking about. Here's a company that's got backlog – orders in its hand for 5,700 commercial jetliners. It's also got a big defense backlog. So it's got a backlog in business of $470 billion. If the company didn't get one more order for the next couple of years, it has enough business at current production rates to work for seven years. This is business that's generating revenue, profits, record cash flow. This is a company that has a proven record of taking that cash flow and giving it back to shareholders in the form of dividends, stock buybacks, and other kinds of financial engineering. How to Play Boeing Now I advocate what I call the "Accumulate Strategy." You buy a block of the stock now. You establish a foundation. You're in the stock. You're making money. And invariably, when these sell-offs happen… You know, when people give up on Rocky, when they give up on Boeing, and they run to the sidelines, and the stock sells off… Take a few dollars and throw it in the stock and buy more. Add to your position. You'll average down. The stock will come back. All of these powerful drivers that I've talked about will drive the stock higher and higher into record territories. And over the next 20 years, as this whole airliner market explodes, so will your wealth. I mean, you will cash in in a big way. And, at the end, you'll be celebrating just like Rocky. Editor's Note: Bill Patalon's got even more winners to share. One of his specialties is uncovering tiny, little-known stocks – often trading below $10 – and recommending them for peak gains as high as 663%… 628%… and 818%. He'll show you exactly how to use this method for yourself for a shot at exceptionally large returns on straight-up stocks – anyone can do it. Click here to see how it works. Follow Money Morning on Twitter @moneymorning or Facebook. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (3) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Stocks to Buy Brad Dussiaume | March 9, 2017 Whatever happened to Trovagene? You recommended it a least twice and it has almost fallen off of the face of the earth! What do you see happening with it now? Reply Doug | March 14, 2017 General Electric? I purchased as soon as it was recommended – and as of yet – no increase in value – just the opposite…any update on this? timeline? As well Arlington Asset Investment? going down – not up – any comments/suggestions? Reply steve vasko | March 20, 2017 you for got the b -29 that what i flew on and air refueling from it. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  ×  two  =  12 Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT Don't Get Stopped by the "Declination of Independence" Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Best Investments Alerts (this article) Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News March 23, 2017 By Ashley Moore Leave a Comment Top Stocks to Watch Today: SGYP, PVH, NBIX March 23, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News Today: Stocks Up Ahead of Obamacare Repeal Vote, Janet Yellen Speech March 22, 2017 By Keith Fitz-Gerald Leave a Comment How to Identify a Stock You Can Hold Forever (When Buy and Hold is Dead) Trending Posts 10682 Reads 67 Likes Top Marijuana Stock to Watch This Week (March 20) There's a marijuana stock every investor needs on their radar this week. Here's what you need to know... 5826 Reads 134 Likes Why Is the Ethereum Price Rising? The Ethereum price is rising partly because of the hard fork crisis in the Bitcoin community. But the price of Ethereum was bound to rise anyway. Here's why... Today's Markets DJIA -6.71 (0.03%) 20,661.30 NASDAQ 27.81 (0.48%) 5,821.64 S&P 4.43 (0.19%) 2,348.45 BA 1.02 (0.58%) 176.98 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Best Investments Alerts (this article) Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Marijuana Industry Updates View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
Intrepid Announces B777 Lease with Philippine Airlines Mr. Jaime Bautista, President & Chief Operating Officer of Philippine Airlines and Mr. Stephen Lynch, Vice President-Marketing of Intrepid (Photo: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Mr. Jaime Bautista, President & Chief Operating Officer of Philippine Airlines and Mr. Stephen Lynch, Vice President-Marketing of Intrepid (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Intrepid Announces B777 Lease with Philippine Airlines (Photo: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail March 20, 2017 02:57 PM Eastern Daylight Time STAMFORD, Conn.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Intrepid Aviation announced today the conclusion of an agreement with Philippine Airlines for the long-term lease of two new B777-300ER aircraft, as a result placing the remaining two B777’s under its 2014 purchase agreement with Boeing. The aircraft are scheduled for delivery to the Philippine flag carrier in December 2017 and will support its growth and fleet modernization objectives. “Intrepid and Philippine Airlines have enjoyed a strong partnership dating back to 2013,” commented Doug Winter, Intrepid’s President & Chief Commercial Officer. “The Philippines is currently one of the fastest growing economies in Asia and the airline has been enjoying a strong, profitable growth trajectory over the past few years,” Mr. Winter added. “We truly value the cooperation and support of Intrepid as we continue our mission to fulfill the potential of Philippine Airlines. With its proven, superior performance the B777 will be core to our long haul fleet for many years to come,” remarked Mr. Jaime Bautista, President and Chief Operating Officer of Philippine Airlines. “These new aircraft will help extend our presence into North America and will be introduced on our London route as well,” Mr. Bautista concluded. ABOUT INTREPID AVIATION Intrepid Aviation is a privately held commercial aircraft lessor. Intrepid and its team of experienced professionals invest in and manage a fleet of modern, in demand commercial jet aircraft on long-term lease to airline customers worldwide. Intrepid is headquartered in Stamford with offices in Dublin and Singapore. ABOUT INTREPID AVIATION’S SHAREHOLDERS, RESERVOIR CAPITAL & CENTERBRIDGE PARTNERS Reservoir Capital Group LLC. was established in 1998 as a privately held investment firm with a flexible, opportunistic investment approach and has approximately $7 billion in assets under management. Centerbridge Partners, LP is a private investment firm headquartered in New York City with approximately $25 billion in capital under management. For more information on Intrepid Aviation, www.intrepidaviation.com Contacts Media: Intrepid Aviation Latoya Bailey, +1 203-905-4226 media@intrepidaviation.com #Hashtags #B777 #PAL #aviation #intrepid Social Media Profiles Intrepid Aviation Intrepid Aviation Contacts Media: Intrepid Aviation Latoya Bailey, +1 203-905-4226 media@intrepidaviation.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Intrepid Announces B777 Lease with Philippine Airlines STAMFORD, Conn.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Intrepid Aviation announced today the conclusion of an agreement with Philippine Airlines for the long-term lease of two new B777-300ER aircraft, as a result placing the remaining two B777’s under its 2014 purchase agreement with Boeing. The aircraft are scheduled for delivery to the Philippine flag carrier in December 2017 and will support its growth and fleet modernization objectives. “Intrepid and Philippine Airlines have enjoyed a strong partnership dating back to 2013,” commented Doug Winter, Intrepid’s President & Chief Commercial Officer. “The Philippines is currently one of the fastest growing economies in Asia and the airline has been enjoying a strong, profitable growth trajectory over the past few years,” Mr. Winter added. “We truly value the cooperation and support of Intrepid as we continue our mission to fulfill the potential of Philippine Airlines. With its proven, superior performance the B777 will be core to our long haul fleet for many years to come,” remarked Mr. Jaime Bautista, President and Chief Operating Officer of Philippine Airlines. “These new aircraft will help extend our presence into North America and will be introduced on our London route as well,” Mr. Bautista concluded. ABOUT INTREPID AVIATION Intrepid Aviation is a privately held commercial aircraft lessor. Intrepid and its team of experienced professionals invest in and manage a fleet of modern, in demand commercial jet aircraft on long-term lease to airline customers worldwide. Intrepid is headquartered in Stamford with offices in Dublin and Singapore. ABOUT INTREPID AVIATION’S SHAREHOLDERS, RESERVOIR CAPITAL & CENTERBRIDGE PARTNERS Reservoir Capital Group LLC. was established in 1998 as a privately held investment firm with a flexible, opportunistic investment approach and has approximately $7 billion in assets under management. Centerbridge Partners, LP is a private investment firm headquartered in New York City with approximately $25 billion in capital under management. For more information on Intrepid Aviation, www.intrepidaviation.com CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Business, carrier, Companies, fleet, jet, officer, private, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious CDISC Welcomes New Leaders to 2017 Board of Directors Next PostNext Milking Machine Market Study by Price, Revenue and Gross Margin Analysis with its important Types and Application in USA 2021 Search Recent Posts Global Ceramic Tiles Market (2017-2023) – Growing Demand For New Residential Restructure – Research and Markets Plan and Optimize your Route with a New Smart Navigator App from FLEETCOR World Meteorological Day celebrates importance of clouds for weather, climate and water IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Airborne ISR Market Growth Opportunities, Driving Factors by Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2021   View as PDF  Print View    Global Airborne ISR Market by Systems (AEWC, Sensor, Electronic Warfare, Maritime Patrol), by Purpose (Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance), and by Geography- Forecast To 2021 Pune, India - March 20, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Market Synopsis of Airborne ISR Market The global Airborne ISR market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 4% during 2016-2021. This growth is driven due to growing demand of unmanned aerial vehicle, investments on ISR payloads, and procurement of multirole UAV remote sensors. The Americas is the dominant player with 55% of the market share and is likely to be the leading region in the forecast period. Whereas, with the growing defense spending and procurement of airborne systems, APAC region will grow significantly at a CAGR of around 9% during the forecast period. Key Players o BAE Systems o L-3 Communication o Lockheed Martin o Northrop Grumman o UTC Aerospace Systems o Boeing o General Dynamics o Raytheon o Rockwell Collins Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1334 Segments The market for global organic baby food market is segmented on the basis of by Systems and by Purpose, by Geography; On basis of Systems: o AEWC o Sensor o Electronic Warfare o Maritime Patrol On basis of Purpose: o Intelligence, o Surveillance, o Reconnaissance Global Airborne ISR Market ($ billion), 2016-2021 The need for UAV remote sensors emerged from the changes in military security missions, such as, shift to Net-centric warfare (NCW), increasing Low intensity conflicts (LIC), need for persistence, and reduced tolerance to casualties. Taste the market data and market information presented through more than 50 market data tables and figures spread in 110 numbers of pages of the project report. Avail the in-depth table of content TOC & market synopsis on "Global Airborne ISR Market Research Report - Forecast to 2021" "Ask for your specific company profile and country level customization on reports." Browse full report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/airborne-isr-market Table of content 1. Introduction 1.1 Report Description 1.2 Research Objective 2. Executive Summary 2.1 Key Findings / Highlights 2.1.1 Investment Opportunities 2.1.2 Market Startegies 2.1.3 Latest Developments 3. Scope of The Study 3.1 Markets Covered 3.2 Years Considered For The Study (2016-2021) 3.2 Geographic Scope 3.3 Key Stakeholders 4. Assumptions And Limitations 5. Research Methodology 5.1 Primary Research 5.2 Secondary Research 5.3 Econometric And Forecasting Model 6. Market Size Estimation 6.1 Top Down Approach 6.2 Bottom Up Approach Continued..... Reasons to Purchase this report: From an insight perspective, this research report has focused on various levels of analyses--industry analysis (industry trends), market share analysis of top players, supply chain analysis, and company profiles, which together comprise and discuss the basic views on the competitive landscape, emerging and high-growth segments of the Global Airborne ISR Market, high-growth regions, and market drivers, restraints, and opportunities. Related Reports Global Aerospace Composites Market by Types (Glass Fiber, Carbon Fiber and Aramid Fiber), by Applications (Commercial and Military) and by Geography- Forecast To 2021. Know more about this report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/aerospace-composites-market About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact Info: Name: Akash Anand Email: akash.anand@marketresearchfuture.com Organization: Market Research Future Address: Magarpatta Road, Hadapsar, Phone: 6468459349 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/airborne-isr-market-growth-opportunities-driving-factors-by-regions-type-and-application-forecast-analysis-to-2021/179335 For more information, please visit https://www.marketresearchfuture.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 179335 Recent Press Releases By The Same User The Worlds First Youtube Simulator Game Hits 2.5 Million Downloads (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bias Tire Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bozeman MT Ranch Real Estate Broker Releases Montana Bull Sale Auction Report (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Canal Hearing Aids Market Growing at 5.51% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Global Software defined perimeter (SDP) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Precision Farming Market To Reach $5.5 Billion With 12.64% CAGR Forecast To 2020 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Place an advert Buy a photo Crosswords Like us Follow us Login Register  ° Site Search Phrase News Sport What's On In Your Area Jobs Property Motors Directory Notices Buy&Sell Dating All Crime Education Politics Farming Health Transport Traffic & Travel Nostalgia Letters & Opinion Commerce Cornwall Weather TV Future bouncier than ever for Redruth springs manufacturer European Springs and Pressings By Oli_Vergnault  |  Posted: March 20, 2017   0 COMMENTS   SHARES Comments (0) Manufacturing may be going through 'tumultuous times' but for a Cornish business, the future is bouncier than ever. For Redruth-based European Springs and Pressings a post-Brexit surge has led a bulging order book and plenty of future growth on the cards too. End of year results saw the spring manufacturer at Treleigh Industrial site post strong performance results with a £7 million turnover in 2016, up by 15% on 2015. Behind the scenes at springs manufacturer European Springs and Pressings in Redruth. Michael Gibbs, managing director said: "UK manufacturing is going through tumultuous times. On the one hand there is significant investment with multi-million pound facility expansions from Boeing and McLaren and on the other, Britain's car manufacturers are suggesting instability. "We have seen incredible growth across our business, witnessing an increase of 17% in our automotive sector with a high proportion of our suspension springs being used in the UK. "The budget's review of oil industry taxation can only have a positive impact on multiple suppliers to the oil and gas industry and is a welcomed statement for the industrial side of our business." Read more: Here are the most polluted streets in Cornwall where breathing the air puts your health at risk The firm has now invested £1.3m into new machinery to meet growing demand and cope with British production rather than subcontract to EU partner firms in Sweden. Mr Gibbs said the growth had led to eight new jobs being created at the factory in the last 12 months. He added: "While our team has expanded to 51 staff from 43 in the last 12 months but we have struggled recruiting. "The budget's investment in a new T-level system and £300m assigned to support STEM subjects will hopefully secure and encourage badly needed skills required within Cornwall's growing engineering industry." "We are now not only recruiting more staff but are also actively looking to acquire more space, having recently extended and relocated from our former Indian Queens site in 2013. "Our forecast is for continual investment, recruitment and expansion in Cornwall." More Cornwall News Report this article Read more from Cornwall Live Most Recent Most Commented Dozens of jobs at risk in Truro as shoe store Brantano goes bust Truro is so great every national brand wants to come in - H&M... Asda ditches Truro supermarket plans as rumours suggest... Asda ditches Truro supermarket plans as rumours suggest... Do you have something to say? Leave your comment here... max 4000 characters Comments Newest Oldest Best Rated YOUR COMMENTS AWAITING MODERATION Send me jobs by email Hot Jobs Tearoom Assistants Salary : To be discussed at interview HGV Driver Class 1 Salary : Good Rates of Pay Purchase Ledger Clerk Salary : Competitive Marketing & Brand Manager Salary : £30,000 per annum FULL TIME TELEPHONE SALES ASSISTANT (MATERNITY COVER) Salary : Competitive Campaign Manager Salary : £30,000 per annum Housing Market Analyst Salary : £20,000 p.a. Administration Assistant Salary : £15,000 p.a. Housing Assistant Salary : £16,313 p.a. Poultry Farm Manager Salary : £24,500 PA Cabinet Maker / Wood Machinist Salary : Salary is dependent on previous experience Clinical Team Leader Icebreak Salary : £33,500-£37,000 - Full Time (37 hours) Lead Business Developer Salary : Negotiable salary Independent Mental Capacity Advocate Salary : £23698 - £27123 Per Annum Pro Rata Work Pattern 21 - 37 Hours Per Week Bar & Restaurant Supervisor Salary : Starting salary of £8.50 per hour. Accommodation is available if required. Group Head of Science & Mathematics Salary : £45,009.00 - £47,541.00 Per Annum Management Accountant Salary : £29,247.00 - £31,002.00 Per Annum Caretaker Salary : Good Rates of Pay Senior Nurse Salary : Salary Band 7 HGV Driver Salary : good rates paid Show your pictures Upload your pictures and share with the community! × Report Abuse Name * Email * What is the primary reason you are reporting this message as abusive? General Abuse Profanity Explicit Content Impersonation Harassment Libel Racial Abuse Religious Abuse Spam Private Information Additional Comments? Cancel Report Abuse Related Links News Business Crime Politics Health Transport Polls Blogs Education Entertainment Sport Football Other Sport Cornish Pirates Cricket Rugby Surfing Truro City Our Site Jobs Dating Promotions Letters How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Buy and Sell Notices Buy a Photo Cars Classifieds Property Places Shopping Estate Agents Restaurants Health and Beauty Hotels and Travel Sport and Leisure Hairdressers Pubs and Bars Attractions Services Tradesmen Business Services Motoring Builders and Construction Gardening Education Taxis & Vehicle Hire Legal Servces Plumbers Copyright © 2017 Local World. All Rights Reserved. Contact Us Privacy & Cookies Terms & Conditions House Rules
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Trump Urges NATO Allies to Pay More: 4 Defense Stocks to Buy Shutterstock photo In keeping with his image of making impactful and at times controversial statements, U.S. President Donald Trump recently urged a few North Atlantic Treaty Organization or NATO member nations to loosen their purse strings and cough up a ‚fair’ amount. In a joint press conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel, on Mar 17, Trump expressed his disapproval of how a few nations including Germany owe ‚vast sums’ to the U.S. as well as NATO. He described the situation as a ‚very unfair’ one, especially for his country. Notably, in another of his debatable tweets, Trump particularly targeted Germany for having the benefit of an expensive defense base at the cost of the U.S. What’s Germany’s Reaction? In response, Merkel applauded the President’s acknowledgement of the importance of NATO. She further pledged that her nation will raise its own contributions and meet the target of spending 2% of GDP on defense for the NATO alliance by 2024. Later, German defense minister Ursula von der Leyen vehemently protested against Trump’s claims, stating that’s not how NATO works. She also added that NATO does not hold any debt account. According to Leyen, the nation’s defense spending goes into UN peacekeeping missions, European missions as well as into the fight against IS terrorism, making it difficult to shell out more for the alliance. How Did the Others React? Trump’s claims were strongly opposed by experts in the U.S. as well. In particular, Ivo Daalder – former U.S. Ambassador to NATO – responded to Trump’s tweets by saying that the U.S. can only decide for itself in terms of contribution to NATO. He also appreciated the fact that the NATO allies who currently spend less than 2% of GDP on defense are increasing their budgets. What’s the Real Story? NATO is an intergovernmental military alliance based on the North Atlantic Treaty, which was first signed in 1949. Currently it constitutes 28 member countries who offer defensive protection to each other in events of any hostile attack from external nations. In its 2014 Wales summit, NATO members reaffirmed their commitment to spend 2% of their GDP for defense and achieve that target by 2024. Herein we note that Germany is among NATO members’ countries that have come up short of the 2% target and spend 1.16% of GDP in 2016. In comparison; the U.S.’s spending was 3.2% of GDP. Probably from this point of view, Trump’s describing U.S.’s situation to be an unfair one can be taken into consideration. However, Trump’s claims of Germany owing money to the U.S. as well as the NATO are clearly baseless and mischaracterize the commitments that NATO members currently follow. They are under no strict obligation to spend 2% of GDP anytime before 2024 and to anyone apart from NATO. Which Stocks Are Likely to Gain? Although Trump’s comments were widely criticized, the U.S. is the largest contributor to NATOwith the volume of defense expenditure representing 72% of the total defense spending of the alliance. Considering this, Trump’s pressure on NATO members to spend more on defense is expected to increase defense funds for the allied members as a whole. Clearly, defense biggies in the U.S. that generate a substantial share of their revenues from international customers will be the direct benefactors of the situation. Lockheed Martin Corp.LMT : Being the largest defense contractor in the world, Lockheed Martin is a global aerospace and security company that manufactures military aircraft and helicopters and related advanced technologies, missile system, government satellites and similar products. In 2016, 27% of the company’s total sales were derived from its international customers. Lately, the company has been witnessing strong demand for its equipment, ranging from C-130J aircraft in France and Germany to helicopters in Poland to missile defense systems in the Asia Pacific, Europe, and Middle East. Over the past five years, the company’s EPS witnessed growth 9.1%, outperforming the Aerospace Defense industry’s gain of 5.5%. The Boeing CompanyBA : Being the largest global aircraft manufacturer, Boeing manufactures military as well commercial aircraft, rotorcraft, rockets and satellites. In 2016, 31% of the company’s total sales were derived from international customers. At the end of 2016, its defense business had a healthy backlog of $57 billion, 37% of which was derived from international customers. Moreover, the company completed digital flight deck upgrades on the first of 14 NATO Airborne Warning and Control System (AWACS) aircraft in 2016. Over the past five years, the company’s EPS witnessed growth 10.6%, outperforming the Aerospace Defense industry’s growth of 5.5%. Raytheon CompanyRTN : Being one of the best-positioned large-cap defense players in the U.S., Raytheon offers a diversified line of military products, including missiles, radars, sensors, surveillance and reconnaissance equipment, communication and information systems, naval systems, air traffic control systems, and technical services. In 2016, 31% of the company’s total sales were derived from its international customers. In Europe, while economic and political challenges have constrained defense spending of certain European nations, others have begun to increase spending in response to geopolitical events and conflicts in Eastern Europe and the resulting uncertainty and security threat environment. Based on this, Raytheon expects European nations to continue to seek advanced air and missile defense and other capabilities, which in turn will boost revenues. The company currently has a P/E ratio of 20.81, compared to the corresponding industry’s P/E ratio of 64.10; thereby making this high-profile stock a low-priced investment oprtion. Textron, Inc.TXT : Textron Inc. is a global multi-industry company that manufactures aircraft, automotive engine components and industrial tools. In 2016, 38% of the company’s total sales were derived from its international customers and 14% from Europe alone. Over the past five years, the company’s EPS witnessed growth 13.3%, better than the Aerospace Defense industry’s growth of 5.5%. Zacks’ 2017 IPO Watch List   Before looking into the stocks mentioned above, you may want to get a head start on potential tech IPOs that are popping up on Zacks’ radar. Imagine being in the first wave of investors to jump on a company with almost unlimited growth potential? This Special Report gives you the current scoop on 5 that may go public at any time. One has driven from 0 to a $68 billion valuation in 8 years. Four others are a little less obvious but already show jaw-dropping growth. Download this IPO Watch List today for free >> Want the latest recommendations from Zacks Investment Research? Today, you can download 7 Best Stocks for the Next 30 Days. Click to get this free report Boeing Company (The) (BA): Free Stock Analysis Report Lockheed Martin Corporation (LMT): Free Stock Analysis Report Textron Inc. (TXT): Free Stock Analysis Report Raytheon Company (RTN): Free Stock Analysis Report To read this article on Zacks.com click here. Zacks Investment Research The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, attack, Automotive, base, Business, Companies, company, defense, Environment, fight, Industry, military, missile, Nation, NATO, radar, satellites, shell, Technology, Uncategorized, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious DryShips Inc.’s High Dividend Yield Is Shrinking Quickly Next PostNext Abbott Laboratories’ MitraClip Outcome Positive for DMR Search Recent Posts Global Ceramic Tiles Market (2017-2023) – Growing Demand For New Residential Restructure – Research and Markets Plan and Optimize your Route with a New Smart Navigator App from FLEETCOR World Meteorological Day celebrates importance of clouds for weather, climate and water IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     More Electric Aircraft Market is Expected to Grow at a CAGR of 4% by 2021   View as PDF  Print View    Global More Electric Aircraft Market by Application (Commercial, Military and UAV), by Platform (Commercial Aircraft, UAV and Military Aircraft), and by Geography - Forecast to 2021 Pune, India - March 20, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- More Electric Aircraft Market: The Global More Electric Aircraft Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of around 4% during 2016-2021. This growth is driven due to production of next generation aircraft with more electric capabilities. As per the MRFR analysis, the use of electrical system has reduced the overall cost, thus result in improved operation. This also helps to control emission. The challenges associated with the market are the issues with electrical power system, issues in electrical generator associated with civilian and commercial usage of more electric aircraft. The Americas is leading the global more electric aircraft market; however the demand has increased from emerging nations such as EMEA and Asia Pacific in relation to growing demand for more electric aircraft in civil as well as military aircraft. Key Players of More Electric Aircraft Market: o Airbus o Honeywell International o Raytheon o Safran o The Boeing Company o United Technologies Corporation o Thales Group o Zodiac Aerospace SA o Bombardier o TTTech Computertechnik Request a Sample Copy @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/sample_request/1245 Study Objectives of More Electric Aircraft Market: o To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast for the next 5 years of the various segments and sub-segments of the Global More Electric Aircraft Market. o To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. o To analyse the Global More Electric Aircraft Market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porter's five force analysis etc. o To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World (ROW). o To provide country-level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective. o To provide country-level analysis of the market for segment by types and applications. o To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analysing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market. o To track and analyse competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the Global More Electric Aircraft Market. Browse Full Report @ https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/reports/more-electric-aircraft-market About Market Research Future: At Market Research Future (MRFR), we enable our customers to unravel the complexity of various industries through our Cooked Research Report (CRR), Half-Cooked Research Reports (HCRR), Raw Research Reports (3R), Continuous-Feed Research (CFR), and Market Research & Consulting Services. MRFR team have supreme objective to provide the optimum quality market research and intelligence services to our clients. Our market research studies by products, services, technologies, applications, end users, and market players for global, regional, and country level market segments, enable our clients to see more, know more, and do more, which help to answer all their most important questions. Contact Info: Name: Akash Anand Organization: Market Research Future Address: Hadapsar, Pune Phone: +1 646 845 9312 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/more-electric-aircraft-market-is-expected-to-grow-at-a-cagr-of-4-by-2021/179256 For more information, please visit https://www.marketresearchfuture.com/ Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 179256 Recent Press Releases By The Same User The Worlds First Youtube Simulator Game Hits 2.5 Million Downloads (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bias Tire Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bozeman MT Ranch Real Estate Broker Releases Montana Bull Sale Auction Report (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Canal Hearing Aids Market Growing at 5.51% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Global Software defined perimeter (SDP) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Precision Farming Market To Reach $5.5 Billion With 12.64% CAGR Forecast To 2020 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Executives Coming to ProMat 2017 to Find What’s New and What’s Next in Manufacturing and Supply Chains – Event to be held April 3-6 in Chicago CHICAGO–(BUSINESS WIRE)–When the manufacturing and supply chain industry’s largest event, ProMat 2017, opens on April 3 it will include over 950 exhibits from leading solution providers and a comprehensive Educational Conference of over 100 sessions focusing on what’s next in best-in-class solutions for manufacturing and supply chain operations. For the first time, ProMat will feature solution centers on supply chain sustainability and autonomous vehicles. “MHI has expanded the educational and networking offerings at ProMat 2017 to provide attendees with the best possible show experience and to connect them with the information and tools they need to tackle the challenges of today’s ever-changing business environment,” said George Prest, CEO of MHI. “ProMat brings the industry together to collaborate and develop into a community that shares knowledge and solves current and future manufacturing and supply chain challenges.” April 3 Keynote Panel: Building Supply Chain Sustainability for Competitive Advantage: Lessons learned from leaders in innovative facility design Moderator: Andrew Winston, sustainability expert and author of Green to Gold Panelists: Tamara Barker, Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President of Environmental Affairs, UPS Randolph L. Bradley, Technical Fellow, Supply Chain Management, The Boeing Company Rick Bingle, Vice President of Supply Chain, REI April 4 Keynote: Industry 4.0 – How intelligent machines are transforming supply chains Markus Lorenz, Partner and Managing Director, The Boston Consulting Group April 5 Keynote Panel: Preview of MHI 2017 Annual Industry Report-Next-Generation Supply Chains: Digital, On-Demand and Always-On Moderators: George W. Prest, CEO, MHI and Scott Sopher, Principal, Deloitte Consulting LLP Panelists: Amy T. Augustine, Senior Manager, Reverse Logistics, U.S. Cellular Venkat Venkataramani, Director CoE for Digital Supply Chain, SA, SAP Alan Amling, Vice President of Corporate Strategy, UPS Randy V. Bradley, Assistant Professor of Information Systems and Supply Chain Management, University of Tennessee Stacey Hodoh, Global Vice President, Distribution Operations at Walmart Canada Mario Adamy, Vice President of Distribution Operations, Albertsons Jay Kim, Chief Strategy Officer, Upskill April 5 Keynote: The Power of Magic: Know your customer and where they are going Earvin “Magic” Johnson, Chairman and CEO of Magic Johnson Enterprises April 5: MHI Industry Night with Dana Carvey ProMat will feature an evening of music, food, drinks and entertainment by comedian Dana Carvey on Wednesday, April 5. Tickets to this event are $50 and include beer, wine and hors d’oeuvres. A portion of ticket sales will be donated to the Material Handling Education Foundation, Inc. (MHEFI). The door prize for this event will be a trip of a lifetime vacation. Trip Value: $30,000. See official rules. Women in the Supply Chain Industry Forum on April 4 at ProMat MHI has partnered with MHEDA (Material Handling Equipment Distributors Association) and AWESOME (Achieving Women’s Excellence in Supply Chain Operations, Management and Education) to bring an afternoon of discussion, education and networking for women in our industry. Learn more. Complete information on ProMat including complimentary show and educational session registration can be found online at www.ProMatShow.com. ProMat is the largest international material handling, logistics and supply chain show and conference held in North America and South America. The event will be held April 3-6, 2017 at Chicago’s McCormick Place. The Automate Show and Conference, sponsored by the Association for Advancing Automation, is once again collocated with ProMat in 2017. For more information on exhibiting or attending ProMat, visit ProMatShow.com. ProMat is Powered by MHI MHI is an international trade association that has represented the material handling, logistics and supply chain industry since 1945. MHI members include material handling and logistics equipment and systems manufacturers, integrators, consultants, publishers and third-party logistics providers. MHI offers education, networking and solution sourcing for their members, their customers and the industry as a whole through programming and events. The association sponsors the ProMat and MODEX expos to showcase the products and services of its member companies and to educate manufacturing and supply chain professionals. Contact: For more information on MHI activities and programming contact Carol Miller at 704-676-1190. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Companies, Education, Entertainment, Environment, Food and Beverage, Industry, Music, officer, Uncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Roots Pump Market 2017- Gardner Denver, Dresser (GE), Tuthill Corporation, Howden, Aerzen, Taiko Next PostNext NetDimensions (Holdings) Limited: Intention to delist Search Recent Posts World Meteorological Day celebrates importance of clouds for weather, climate and water IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 20,651 -10.53 -0.05% Nasdaq 5,817 -5.02 -0.09% S&P 500 2,348 -0.66 -0.03% 9:39 A.M. ET Here’s what happens to tax reform if the health bill passes — or doesn’t 9:37 A.M. ET Ford's stock drops after profit outlook was below expectations 9:36 A.M. ET Live blog and video of SEC chairman nominee Clayton confirmation hearing 9:36 A.M. ET Updated Oil prices turn lower as focus returns to oversupply 9:31 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as as investors focus on health-care vote 9:30 A.M. ET Nasdaq Composite down 0.2% 9:30 A.M. ET Dow retreats 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET S&P 500 off 0.1% 9:30 A.M. ET Breaking Stocks open lower as vote on Republican health-care bill looms 9:30 A.M. ET Luxury Buildings Push Elevators to New Heights 9:23 A.M. ET Trump on his performance: ‘I’m president and you’re not’ 9:16 A.M. ET Updated Trump rally could smash on the rocks of health-care vote 9:15 A.M. ET Updated These key technical levels may signal if the stock market is set to rise or fall 9:15 A.M. ET Ford's stock drops 2.5% premarket after downbeat Q1 earnings outlook 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Ford sees Q1 EPS 30 cents-35 cents; FactSet consensus 47 cents 9:14 A.M. ET Updated Why the bull run will stay in great shape even as the health bill troubles traders 9:13 A.M. ET Updated Parents: Here’s a primer for college savings 9:12 A.M. ET Details Emerge About London Attacker as Police Arrest Eight 9:12 A.M. ET Updated When Americans emotionally spend, they buy toilet paper and Clorox 9:11 A.M. ET Updated Look out, taxes from an IRA can sneak up on you Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Bulletin U.S. stocks open lower Thursday as health-care vote looms Home Press Release Executives Coming to ProMat 2017 to Find What’s New and What’s Next in Manufacturing and Supply Chains – Event to be held April 3-6 in Chicago By Published: Mar 20, 2017 6:00 a.m. ET Share Highlights include Keynotes on Sustainability, Industry 4.0, Digital Supply Chains, NBA Legend Magic Johnson and Entertainment by Comedian Dana Carvey CHICAGO, Mar 20, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- When the manufacturing and supply chain industry’s largest event, ProMat 2017, opens on April 3 it will include over 950 exhibits from leading solution providers and a comprehensive Educational Conference of over 100 sessions focusing on what’s next in best-in-class solutions for manufacturing and supply chain operations. For the first time, ProMat will feature solution centers on supply chain sustainability and autonomous vehicles. “MHI has expanded the educational and networking offerings at ProMat 2017 to provide attendees with the best possible show experience and to connect them with the information and tools they need to tackle the challenges of today’s ever-changing business environment,” said George Prest, CEO of MHI. “ProMat brings the industry together to collaborate and develop into a community that shares knowledge and solves current and future manufacturing and supply chain challenges.” April 3 Keynote Panel: Building Supply Chain Sustainability for Competitive Advantage: Lessons learned from leaders in innovative facility design Moderator: Andrew Winston, sustainability expert and author of Green to Gold Panelists: Tamara Barker, Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President of Environmental Affairs, UPS Randolph L. Bradley, Technical Fellow, Supply Chain Management, The Boeing Company Rick Bingle, Vice President of Supply Chain, REI April 4 Keynote: Industry 4.0 – How intelligent machines are transforming supply chains Markus Lorenz, Partner and Managing Director, The Boston Consulting Group April 5 Keynote Panel: Preview of MHI 2017 Annual Industry Report-Next-Generation Supply Chains: Digital, On-Demand and Always-On Moderators: George W. Prest, CEO, MHI and Scott Sopher, Principal, Deloitte Consulting LLP Panelists: Amy T. Augustine, Senior Manager, Reverse Logistics, U.S. Cellular Venkat Venkataramani, Director CoE for Digital Supply Chain, SA, SAP Alan Amling, Vice President of Corporate Strategy, UPS Randy V. Bradley, Assistant Professor of Information Systems and Supply Chain Management, University of Tennessee Stacey Hodoh, Global Vice President, Distribution Operations at Walmart Canada Mario Adamy, Vice President of Distribution Operations, Albertsons Jay Kim, Chief Strategy Officer, Upskill April 5 Keynote: The Power of Magic: Know your customer and where they are going Earvin “Magic” Johnson, Chairman and CEO of Magic Johnson Enterprises April 5: MHI Industry Night with Dana Carvey ProMat will feature an evening of music, food, drinks and entertainment by comedian Dana Carvey on Wednesday, April 5. Tickets to this event are $50 and include beer, wine and hors d’oeuvres. A portion of ticket sales will be donated to the Material Handling Education Foundation, Inc. (MHEFI). The door prize for this event will be a trip of a lifetime vacation. Trip Value: $30,000. See official rules. Women in the Supply Chain Industry Forum on April 4 at ProMat MHI has partnered with MHEDA (Material Handling Equipment Distributors Association) and AWESOME (Achieving Women’s Excellence in Supply Chain Operations, Management and Education) to bring an afternoon of discussion, education and networking for women in our industry. Learn more. Complete information on ProMat including complimentary show and educational session registration can be found online at www.ProMatShow.com. ProMat is the largest international material handling, logistics and supply chain show and conference held in North America and South America. The event will be held April 3-6, 2017 at Chicago’s McCormick Place. The Automate Show and Conference, sponsored by the Association for Advancing Automation, is once again collocated with ProMat in 2017. For more information on exhibiting or attending ProMat, visit ProMatShow.com. ProMat is Powered by MHI MHI is an international trade association that has represented the material handling, logistics and supply chain industry since 1945. MHI members include material handling and logistics equipment and systems manufacturers, integrators, consultants, publishers and third-party logistics providers. MHI offers education, networking and solution sourcing for their members, their customers and the industry as a whole through programming and events. The association sponsors the ProMat and MODEX expos to showcase the products and services of its member companies and to educate manufacturing and supply chain professionals. Contact: For more information on MHI activities and programming contact Carol Miller at 704-676-1190. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170320005175/en/ SOURCE: MHI"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@poweredbyMHI MHI Carol Miller, 704-676-1190 Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular The four most depressing reasons why Americans are not saving any money Two important things to remember as the stock market starts to stumble Dennis Gartman sees at least a 5% drop for stocks — and shades of Watergate Oil prices lifted by drop in U.S. gasoline stocks Richard Thaler: Here's the best investing strategy MarketWatch Partner Center Celebrity Real Estate Taylor Swift’s Beverly Hills Home Goes for Landmark Vote Next Month View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Real Estate Top 10 cities where downtown is making a comeback View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Technology & Business Gizmodo Kotaku Lifehacker Business Insider Lifestyle & Shopping POPSUGAR ShopStyle Who What Wear Byrdie MyDomaine Kin Community | Log in / Sign up Reviews Reviews Camera Reviews GoPro Hero5: The Gizmodo Review Canon PowerShot G7 X Mark II: Australian Review Impossible Project I-1 Polaroid Camera: The Gizmodo Review Leica's Waterproof X-U Camera: The Gizmodo Review Car Reviews Six Hours In An Aston Martin DB11 BMW i3 REx: Australian Review Volvo S90: Australian Review 2016 Holden Astra: Australian Review Phone Reviews Samsung Galaxy A5 & A7: Australian Review Huawei Mate 9: Australian Review Oppo R9s: Australian Review Motorola Moto Z: Australian Review PC Reviews SCUF Infinity1 And Infinity4PS Pro Controllers: The Australian Review iKBC F87 Australian Review: No Frills, No Fuss Origin PC Chronos: Australian Review LG 27UD88 4K FreeSync Monitor: Australian Review Smartwatch Reviews Huawei Fit: The Gizmodo Review Apple Watch Nike+: Australian Review The Pebble 2 Is Now The Only Fitness Tracking Smartwatch You Need Fitbit Charge 2 Review: The Best Fitness Tracker, Period Gadgets Reviews North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Building The IKEA Bike Is A Pain Worth Suffering Through Samsung Powerbot VR9300 Robot Vacuum Cleaner: Australian Review DJI Mavic Pro 4K Drone Review: So Close To Terrific Gaming Reviews The Nintendo Switch: Australian Impressions Noblechairs' Gaming Chair Is For Firm Butts And Deep Pockets The Astro A50s Are Good Headphones With A Great Wireless Station Razer's eSports Gear Didn't Make Me Want To Play An eSport, But It Sure Is Nice Anyway Entertainment Reviews BeatsX Wireless Headphones: Australian Review The Animated Beauty And The Beast Remains A Near-Perfect Masterpiece Samsung Q8 QLED TV: Australian Review Logan Is Beautiful, Sophisticated, And Still A Kick-Arse Superhero Film BeatsX Wireless Headphones: Australian Review LG's 2017 OLED TVs: Australian Review The Animated Beauty And The Beast Remains A Near-Perfect Masterpiece North Face Access Pack: Australian Review Smart Home & Gadgets Trump's Electronics Ban On Aeroplanes Makes Less Sense Every Day Brilliant Motion-Tracking Dart Board Guarantees A Bullseye With Every Throw US And UK Ban Electronic Devices On Flights From Several Muslim Countries Rapping Robots Prove At Least One Job Is Safe From The Coming Android Apocalypse Mobile The 69 New Emoji Candidates, Ranked You Don't Really Need An Anti-Virus App Anymore Android Crashes On Boot When Running From SD Card You Can Get A Red iPhone Now Car Tech Tesla Is Setting Up Shop In Brisbane Uber's President Just Quit Cars Are Killing Us Amid PR Circus Fire, Uber Suddenly Decides To Care About Diversity Online Google Top Stories Serves Breitbart Garbage On Climate Science 15-Year-Old Girl Allegedly Sexually Assaulted On Facebook Live While 40 People Watched How To Buy Your Personal Domain Name Before Some Dumb Troll Does LinkedIn Picks A Losing Fight With Fake News Science & Health An Astrophysics Simulation Demonstrates How Dusty Space Is Astronauts Can See Mount Etna's Incredible Eruption From The Space Station Yet Another Reason Bees Are Screwed: Your Damn Almonds New Options For Getting Your Cat High Can Only Be A Good Thing Cameras This Nest Security Flaw Is Remarkably Stupid UK Testing Out Drone Army To Beef Up Its Already Robust Surveillance State  High Definition Footage Of New York, In 1993?! The New Tech That Could Turn Police Body Cams Into Nightmare Surveillance Tools Computing US Congressman Wants To Use Facial Recognition To Track Immigrants Five Things You Should Know Before Building Your Own PC Deals: Learn One Of The Most In-Demand Coding Languages For Just $55 Watch This Guy Catch A Virtual Reality Ball That Turns Out To Be Real Gaming Sydney's Microsoft Store Is Holding Free Game Development Workshops Game Of Thrones Is Getting A Tabletop Miniatures Game... Of Thrones Mass Effect: Andromeda Is Full Of SpaceX Easter Eggs The Future Of Ghostbusters Is Uncertain, But Ivan Reitman Has A Plan Entertainment A Boy Cares Only For His Pet Scorpion In This Funny And Surprising Animated Short Try And Watch This Bonkers Spinning Office Chair For More Than Five Seconds Without Puking Disney, Give Me A Gaston Prequel To Beauty And The Beast The Directors Of Swiss Army Man Are Making A Sci-Fi Movie Toggle navigation Reviews Camera Reviews Car Reviews Phone Reviews PC Reviews Smartwatch Reviews Gadgets Reviews Gaming Reviews Entertainment Reviews Smart Home & Gadgets Mobile Car Tech Online Science & Health Cameras Computing Gaming Entertainment So Who Won Our Qantas Wi-Fi Competition? Experts Speak Out About The Government's National Science Statement: What Does It Mean For Australia? Win! Join Us On Qantas's First Flight With Wi-Fi Deals: Learn One Of The Most In-Demand Coding Languages For Just $55 Lockheed Martin Has A Laser For The US Army Rhett Jones Mar 20, 2017, 5:00pm ⋅ Filed to:  60 kilowatts army hel-md lasers lockheed martin Share While everyone complains about the fact that they don't have a jetpack or a flying car yet, the US military has patiently waited for its killer laser beams. Lockheed Martin says that it will hand off exactly that to the Army in the next few months. US Air Force Leaders Say It's High Time Our Planes Shoot Deadly Lasers US military bigwigs gathered in Orlando this week for the annual AirWarfare Symposium to discuss big plans for big weapons that do big damage. According to a report, the biggest unfunded project that US Special Operations Command hopes to push through is a C-130 that's equipped with a power laser weapon. Read more The weapons manufacturer says it has successfully tested a new laser weapon at 58 kilowatts of power. To give an idea of what that means, Boeing was able to blow a mortar out of the sky in 2014 with its HEL MD at 10 kilowatts of power. Lockheed says it will hit 60 kilowatts by the time it ships. The combined fibre laser uses multiple individual lasers that are focused together into a single beam. It's a big device, but it should be able to fit onto an armoured truck. The Navy has previously deployed a laser with about half the power on a ship in the Persian Gulf. That weapon requires a big battery and wouldn't be viable in an on-the-ground mobile situation. Lockheed's design is both lighter and more powerful than anything in use. It still isn't small enough to make a handheld blaster and it wouldn't be used for targeting individual people. The goal is to combat small aircraft, drones, and rockets. Offensive capabilities would likely be possible, but impractical. As technology has become more affordable, non-state combatants like ISIS have had easier access to drones and remote-controlled machine guns. Lasers are believed to be a system that would be effective at targeting those systems for little cost. Recently Gen. David Perkins gave a presentation in which he discussed a $US3 ($4) million Patriot missile being used to take down a $US300 ($390) drone. A laser interception of that same drone would come at the price of a little bit of electricity and travel at the speed of light. Unfortunately, Lockheed's tech keeps the worst part of laser guns: potentially killing people. But it doesn't have the best part: visible laser beams. The concept illustrations only show a red beam for effect. [Washington Post] Comments Be the first to comment on this story! Log In Sign Up Guest Access Be the first to comment on this story! Cancel Reply Log In / Sign Up Name Email You are starting a new discussion. You are replying to a comment. Cancel Edit × Comment Voting Up Votes Down Votes × Only logged in users may vote for comments! Please log in or register to gain access to this feature. No Thanks Log In Sign Up × Get Permalink Close Trending Stories Right Now Win! Join Us On Qantas's First Flight With Wi-Fi Campbell Simpson 22 Mar 2017 3:15 PM Next Monday, Qantas's first plane with in-flight Wi-Fi and internet access will take to the skies. We'll be onboard, live-blogging away and running Gizmodo from 40,000 feet. And so could you! (The being onboard bit, that is, not the running Gizmodo bit. We wouldn't do that to you.) Gas Crisis? Energy Crisis? The Real Problem Is Lack Of Long-Term Planning Alan Pears 21 Mar 2017 12:00 PM If you’ve been watching the news in recent days, you’ll know we have an energy crisis, partly due to a gas crisis, which in turn has triggered a political crisis. Want Gizmodo's email newsletter? Subscribe Have a tip? Contact our editors! Latest Deals Deals: Learn One Of The Most In-Demand Coding Languages For Just $55 Buy A LG G6, Get A Free TV Deals: Become A Linux Administrator With This Training Program The Man Who Pulls Cars With His Eyelids Trending Articles 1 Win! Join Us On Qantas's First Flight With Wi-Fi 2 Gas Crisis? Energy Crisis? The Real Problem Is Lack Of Long-Term Planning 3 LG's 2017 OLED TVs: Australian Review A Boy Cares Only For His Pet Scorpion In This Funny And Surprising Animated Short Try And Watch This Bonkers Spinning Office Chair For More Than Five Seconds Without Puking Disney, Give Me A Gaston Prequel To Beauty And The Beast The Directors Of Swiss Army Man Are Making A Sci-Fi Movie Yu-Gi-Oh! Hair Looks Really Weird In Real Life Explaining Japanese Geek Slang: 'Babumi' For Honor Director Addresses Expensive Emotes Poll: The Most Anticipated Anime Of Autumn 2017 Make Fantastic Short Ribs In 10 Minutes By Grilling Them Like Steak All The Ways Snoring Affects Your Health Sydney's Microsoft Store Is Holding Free Game Development Workshops Briefly: Aussie Sports Ranked, Space DNA, New Pokemon GO Monsters Here's the real scientific link between grey hair and stress Ryan Gosling explains why he couldn't stop laughing during the Oscars best-picture fiasco This Silicon Valley school shuns technology -- yet most of the students are children of tech execs Here's what caffeine does to your body and brain © 2007-2017 Allure Media About Advertise Contact Terms of Use Gizmodo International × Log in to Gizmodo Username or Email Password Remember me Login Don't have an account? Create one here Forgot your password? Click here to reset × Sign up to Gizmodo User Details @ This is your permanent identity for Gizmodo, Kotaku and Lifehacker Australia. Your email must be valid for account activation Minimum of 8 standard keyboard characters Subscriptions Email newsletters will contain a brief summary of our top stories, plus details of competitions and reader events. Gizmodo Newsletter Kotaku Newsletter Lifehacker Newsletter Yes, I wish to receive exclusive discounts, special offers and competitions from our partners. Send Activation Email Already have an account? Log in × Reset Password Email Reset Password Back to login × Gizmodo International Gizmodo US Gizmodo UK Gizmodo Spain Gizmodo Brazil Gizmodo Japan Close
facebook twitter instagram youtube ios android rss Network Stations Live on Change 93.7 FM Boston 105.5 FM Springfield 1440 AM Worcester 103.7 FM Providence Shows Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley with Keefe Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Mustard & Johnson Network Stations Program Schedule ESPN on WEEI Kirk & Callahan   K&C - Albert from RI battles “Alex”; Kirk has excellent gaydar; High school coach exposed himself to players 3-22-17 Ordway, Merloni & Fauria OMF - LaVar Ball thinks he has NBA teams worried, 3-22-17 Dale & Holley   UNH and SI's Michael McCann with some insight on the Hernandez trial, Bart Hubbuch and Brady's jersey Weekend Shows   Christian Arcand: If I'm told Isaiah doesn't deserve a max deal because of his height again, I'm going to lose my mind. 03-19-17 Enough About Me   Ep. 55: Kirk has a proposal for Callahan and the Producers Get in touch with WEEI 93.7 FM Phone: 617-779-7937    Text: 37937    Red Sox Rob Bradford John Tomase Full Count blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Red Sox Radio Network Tickets Mike Petraglia Featured Story If David Price's return hinges on a magical healing elbow, we're in... by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts It’s been three weeks, so what should we make of David... Chris Sale gives Yankees another dose of Chris Sale Latest Columns His fourth cancer treatment behind him, NESN's Jerry Remy looks a... Tim Tebow makes spring training debut against Red Sox, and it was a tr... @1:05 PM Bos Pit Latest Audio Bradfo Sho, Ep. 18: Tom Caron Bradfo Sho, Ep. 17: The curious case of Carlos Quentin Patriots Ryan Hannable It Is What It Is blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Take time to appreciate Martellus Bennett and Chris Long by Ryan Hannable Latest Blog Posts Malcolm Butler on Instagram: ‘Nothing changed but the... Roger Goodell pens letter to fans addressing changes for... Latest Columns Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: Which positions are set, which need wo... Let's stop connecting Darrelle Revis to Patriots because it’s not... Latest Audio Phil Perry, CSNNE on the Patriots and NFL free agency Phil Perry, CSNNE on the Patriots and NFL free agency Celtics Green Street blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Roster Tickets Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Celtics have a major problem -- when teams hit them, they don't know how... by John Tomase Latest Blog Posts Impressive win over Pacers proves Celtics have a shot at... Silver lining of early season injuries sheds light on Brad... Latest Columns Markelle Fultz vs. Lonzo Ball: The NBA draft question Danny Ainge... NBA deadline passes, Celtics stand pat, and it's time to get real... Final Bos 109 Ind 100 Latest Audio Kirk and Callahan- Will Isaiah Thomas win a title in Boston?... Kirk and Callahan- Celtics lose after Thomas mishandles the... Bruins Ty Anderson Big Bad Blog Team Page Audio Schedule Standings Statistics Tickets Scott McLaughlin Mike Petraglia John Tomase Featured Story Losses could set Bruins up for yet another uncomfortable finish by Ty Anderson Latest Blog Posts Ex-Bruin Marc Savard tweets that Bruins will make the... Bruins sniper David Pastrnak hangs head after loss:... Latest Columns This is the week for Bruins to prove they're beyond last two year... As another meeting comes and goes, it's clear Bruins do not miss... @7:00 PM Bos TB Latest Audio The 1972 Bruins The 1972 Bruins National The Mashup blog College Blog NFL MLB NBA NHL Auto Racing NCAA Basketball MLS - Revolution Golf Tennis MLB What to Expect from Trevor Story in Encore to... New York Mets: Final Predictions for Each Key Spring... NFL Seven Types of NFL Offseason: Which One Is Your Favorite... Biggest Needs New England Patriots Have Yet to Address This... NBA LeBron James on Cavaliers: 'You Can't Preach Toughness,... After All Their Progress, Clippers Find Themselves at a... NHL NHL Playoff Picture 2017: Latest Postseason Bracket,... NHL Playoff Standings 2017: Latest Stanley Cup Odds and... More National Sports Audio Kirk & Callahan Ordway, Merloni & Fauria Dale & Holley Mut at Night WEEI Late Night Weekend Shows Podcasts Enough About Me Podcast The Real K&C Podcast #DORK Podcast Bradfo Sho Bruins Latest Audio  Late Night with Christian Arcand (Ft. Rear Admiral) Late Night with Christian Arcand (Ft. Rear Admiral) Late Night with Christian Arcand Late Night with Christian Arcand Mut's Best WEEI Host Bracket, 3-22-2017 Popular Audio  K&C- Kirk is done with Comcast; Gerry is in a bad mood;... K&C- Kirk says goodbye to Early Edition and Comcast 3-21-17 Latest Podcast  #DORK 6: Quentin Tarantino Movies The Real K&C – Potted plants & indefatigable pull carts... Video All Video Original Video Patriots Red Sox Celtics Bruins Jimmy Fund WEEI on YouTube ESPN Boston Video Latest Videos Brad Stevens understands NBA concern about teams resting players Brad Stevens on why Pacers could be so dangerous for Celtics in playoffs » VIEW MORE Latest From ESPN Boston Featuring the latest Red Sox, Celtics, Patriots, and Bruins videos » WATCH NOW Connect WEEI Live app WEEI Email Newsletters Mobile Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram Mobile WEEI.com RSS Center Podcast Center Download the WEEI Live App Subscribe to WEEI's daily newsletter <p>Your browser does not support iframes.</p> Twitter For an official list of WEEI radio hosts and writers on twitter, click here. Follow the station @WEEI Facebook Like WEEI, and the shows, on facebook by clicking here. Station Contests Station Events Community Events Larry Johnson Cartoons Jimmy Fund Radiothon Get My Perks Daily Deal My Email Offers Press Room Contact Us Exclusive Bourbon & Bacon Fest T-Shirt Station Events WEEI with XFinity! Thu, 03/23/2017 11am WEEI with XFinity in... Fri, 03/24/2017 11am » More Events Contests 2017 Bracket Challenge Check your bracket status here. Presented by... » More Contests Boston Red Sox Super Bowl New England Patrio.. NFL Tom Brady Bill Belichick Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter   WEEI>On Demand>>Dale, Holley and Keefe's FINAL DRIVE 03-20-17 Tweet Subscribe Download Share Dale, Holley and Keefe's FINAL DRIVE 03-20-17 Mar 20, 2017| We close out the show with the best sound clips on this Monday. You Might Like Transcript - Not for consumer use. Robot overlords only. Will not be accurate. Final drive cosponsored by error has restoration specialist regardless of the season that disaster pager commercial residential or medical. Facility at any time in an heiress disaster plan in place makes your client's employees or tenants are protected learn more errors served. Dot com. Our long national nightmare is over Michael it turned out to be an international nightmare of war Tom Brady's super soldiers he has been recovered thanks to a joint effort between the Houston police in the FBI. And Houston's cheap. But the NFL and its security on blast don't let it be known that you don't mess with. Texas first and foremost let me just say I've said it before Aussie again this was the highest priority of the usual police department haven't said that. You know we're taxes and this is taxes and the only blemish that we had in the Super Bowl happened because of these jerseys. There were stolen from the NFL's. Locker room. You know that was on there you should do you control that ball security officer on the control these police department. But it was nonetheless a blemish of I should Ruble and unfortunately. Four for the people that did this you don't cut the taxes. And embarrass us here in our home turf right guys. So we decided it. I'll put this together and all of the I would just add that as I just hope that the NFL security takes a look at. Because they are the ones responsible for secure in the locker rooms they really need to check their protocols. And their efforts because this is at least two Jersey were aware of and obviously required the response from the Haitian police department and other partners to recover them. You know. It's like that the Texas bravado became the wrong state you know science so. You don't come to Texas. And you don't steal when the eyes of the world are upon. Our state I'm again I'm very proud of all of our team that went out and found those who suspect and as a result who's been recovered. Except he did go to Texas and he didn't heads and yet Adam for over Honduras and out now he's going to be charged with grand theft. They caught flat but what if they knock on effects is doing and do. He did it did. They text mode didn't put. There's consequences that's what his point. What that we don't mess with the past and you don't comes next you know steel went immediately to Texas national. And he's gonna go to jail. This is how we don't rest of my activist Edward Jerry yeah block of mom and dad are 1012 years and I know your way always informative notre. You would notice we have some supplements a couple of years back probably leave it behind bars he. Probably maybe behind bars I won't be now. Japan primarily this is Texas we're talking about stellar. Off light. Well over efforts are about to prove they can big babies down element of truth they so out of those entries are evil with it and there needs repairs to the star pop stars on the History Channel. Gave his thoughts on the cover of the Jersey it'd update on its potential value. It's recovered well. And I'm pretty your. Sets and it's got a lot more. Press out like a little bit more often heard stories in my view it's clear. At a charity auction. At charity auction to insulate. Those prices go actually seen this. In such situations all the tax right so god knows what order curiosity because those are real hawk so. So I admired by its recruiter. It can operate out of Tom Brady. We drove me to it would be let what what what part are the topic operate decades and make your case it would be yours. Oh yeah wanted to sell. Your program cancer. As opposed to. Auction. Also you know it's only had better would be to get cash and a. Okay she's Russian translation happy fleets yeah yeah. Let it terrible pitch and I literally just they're worth 200000 if not more at bats that your pitching a hundred. I. I bet you would that cash right now now go to Israel but those who wants to show you excuse me off the frame men and there's overhead that you know it's so emotional for awhile that cost money and dumpster. Speaking of the FBI while giving testimony on Capitol Hill today FBI director James homey let it be known that he doesn't follow president trump in one particular area. I think it's too closer limits the sides of the same coin in to put it only metaphor I hate to New England Patriots. And no matter who they play I'd like them to lose. And so I'm at the same time rooting against the patriots and hoping their opponents beats them there's only two teams on the field. But what the intelligence community concluded was early on they hatred for mrs. Clinton was it was all the way along. When mr. trump became a nominee there was some sense that it be great if he could win be great if we could help them we need to hurt her no matter what. And then it shifted to he has no chance so this is focused on undermining her. We said David James homely not the right to be dealt. That was. Doesn't exactly repairs and they feel exactly like they say the cynics in cadence and everything comb these little more intimate little warmer than the Dell computers have definitely dried out. That Rodgers. Extra. The 2008 world champion Celtics are playing it anniversary vacation together for next year. And former Seoul's point guard Ron Toronto let it be known that Ray Allen won't be invited because of the way he left the seas stimulus money to join the brawn and heat. Rondo is talking crap for not wanted to have laborers taking crap for not wanted to invite ray but when ray left town you remember Paul Pierce the needs eight Kevin Garnett. Kind of shared those same sentiments. Us a little disappointed because I wouldn't feel so special here. Me him KG starting. Championship bringing the Celtics back to life you know so that aspect newsroom this morning. I don't feel like we've lost threats like ray left us that we tried to give me back and he chose to go to Miami this before where. Thanks for. Reception. There is children it's. Cagey right. That would guard. And certainly walls were two albums that does not play at all. It was so let's focus gatekeeper one totally ignored Q what was your reaction when your. That's stated he. Invited to become diluted down all of them have been yeah I get my mind made. The eyes that I did they do yet now's Currie of for an audio there for all those guys haven't won nothing to do ground. You remember army reaching keeper madness we expose carrier average belief. That he believes that the earth is flat and not you believe you had to rely on earlier this round. Yes thank you. You believe there were yes but I heard that there one that there's no hula there is still it was a gaffe hurts a crippling my poorly that we are you would. If you lose your serve very bad visuals of the shadow of the year Decatur they use the super earth that has got this guy on earth is flat. All the earth is flat Eric furthest left is that is that. That was on the are the road trip from RJ each inning as any fried Richard Jefferson's podcast. Carrier ring was up was on their terms however it's well. Or are there of his life for the fight turns out Harriet and a lot of that we've entered Shaquille O'Neal. There's there's true to a broad blue blue bird flu to a check what are you talking about learning from. No it's not your loose. Know if there's others who do you ways to manipulate the month. Which read what you see what you hear. Conspiracies. In school firstly there to chooses own Columbus discovered America. But when he got there there was some. A fair skinned people with them all here smoke another piece first so what does that tell you the new Obama didn't discover America found were a little blurry glimpse. I drive from coast to coast and throughout. And we know could. Prove powerful defense of the government you know exactly how drug testing. Others think you've ever such local store McDonald's yeah. It's not a definite high and there are ninety podcasting that's the dumbest thing you never say it's a high bar to get over how. I did not go over and I heard three yards and sixty degree angle and olestra for Barbara everything factored in the dust settle and let a legacy and always build so you removed tumor or a chatters on the rest. China plus if you say all right there has a value here again world's elite dug straight to your backyard genius yeah merger will let us. Not fly and we've seen earth. It's another shot you see it from satellite pictures of similar merger could be the going to be drone owning. While and on Shaq and I we've we've heard Shaq pocket for years of all kinds of stuff you need this Jack well you think you're no Jack could anyway. You're all right is that I know he was they Arnold's lack okay. OK if you don't have a lot of years a lot of things that got on the grounds that wrecked there at that this on. So that was the carrier ring particularly over slowly forming a great basketball team. Some guys who all thing appear that's why these guys that have flown all over the world. They all know that there is what I've driven close the closer approach to go to forgot what they. A speaker geniuses Tennessee quarterback Josh dobbs. Is it the NFL draft this year and that means he had to sit down what Jon Gruden and his QB can't segment for ESPN. Dobbs owes an aerospace engineering major. And that prompted gruden to find out if he is maybe as Smart as dobbs. You gotta come clean on the edge. You know I actually read this guys build an airplane and your major is aerospace. Engineer now. That means you're you are legitimate Iraqi side legit but it is real quick some of these classes you take it there. Mechanisms. I like honors fluid mechanics. This stuff girl's day seminar you know he's he's up that meant that I. You know ask me questions. You can't be that hard that's in question have you act like you're so Smart a Boeing seven and 47 flying. Cruise altitude of 30000 feet. Far and if you go 500 miles per hour or was it steady level flight conditions and how long and then lastly you'll you'll. Without me. I ask me any good actors I don't know. Color drachmas. Just. Stuff. That is from my friend cents a all four of his final fourteen were limited in the first round they're photographer my efforts are now it really wasn't Villanova and he went through the entire bracket when it. Villanueva who you had the final Michael Padgett Louisville. Notre Dame. Notre Dame and Wichita State or anything Notre Dame Wichita State I don't know probably they're all over Villanova who commands the Notre Dame which they work one seeds. That sort of audio on Twitter at sports announced we may have a window. And why might picks were so bad he can't keep his own analysis straight we'll start with a clip from might show last Tuesday out of Philly what's up dump. And it might hurt your assets and who. If you want that they think that are gonna happen I think what we're gonna take down Notre Dame can't tell you I'd quit. I think that I'd I'd I'd will be I will be absolutely. Stunned. If that happens the way Notre Dame plays Notre Dame is so precise offensively. They are not going to be forced into bad shots they're not gonna take them lightly I will be stunned if that happens absolute I think that is that I think that is a terrible place for an upset I'd like to talk I could not disagree more. Those guns he he stuff done he got his gun at Notre Dame lost. So that's nice superstars usually hears Michael Redd says that the very next day those of the fives and everybody always picks the final set which is why haven't people pick in principle though. Absolutely it's Princeton windstorm identity stolen that lol I'm these phones. I will be. Absolutely stunned. If that happens tomorrow I gonna be stolen that low who have these problems I will be absolutely. Stunned. If that happens tomorrow I gonna be stolen that low though these phones. I will be looked a lot as a president who went after that I don't know if that is the low I don't know these. Notre Dame did win that game is very close close game very well and I was ready all of that low during the responded to that point or two or four point game one of those things like 6058. After posting a point there I'm also prepared food. I think every prison with a couple yeah I have a couple of got a quick to have them there is great if I want it to 12. Yeah and every night all right if you wanna come visit you know about a 100000 U wonderful to me doctor yeah. I'm okay people don't have brag about it all right I want to brag maybe you'll brag about time he won I don't wanna do that. On once visited of the good experience that every picture right now we pick him again of them all wireless. Us that there tomorrow I'll be an exercise right they just we all range he's received my Olympic cauldron for all of them you might be correct I can't wait for the made easy for you tomorrow we'll also have a lot on the the big Celtics game tonight in the Bruins as wells that's it for us. Crystal on the in Vermont at night next Albion where the the first hour. Of that program as well. A Sports Radio that he media. News & Analysis Recommended Columns Blogs Teams + Ryan Hannable03/22/17 11:31 pm EST Take time to appreciate Martellus [..] - Ryan Hannable03/22/17 11:31 pm EST Take time to appreciate Martellus Bennett and Chris Long Disclaimer: This piece should have been written two weeks ago, but all the moves the [..] + Ty Anderson03/21/17 07:01 am EST Losses could set Bruins up for yet [..] - Ty Anderson03/21/17 07:01 am EST Losses could set Bruins up for yet another uncomfortable finish Monday night was more than uncomfortable for the Bruins and their fans. In fact, their [..] + Ryan Hannable03/20/17 10:43 pm EST Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: [..] - Ryan Hannable03/20/17 10:43 pm EST Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: Which positions are set, which need work The majority of the Patriots’ roster for next season has taken shape with all the [..] + Ty Anderson03/20/17 06:42 pm EST This is the week for Bruins to [..] - Ty Anderson03/20/17 06:42 pm EST This is the week for Bruins to prove they're beyond last two years With 11 games left in the 2015 season, the Bruins went on a 5-3-3 ‘slide’ of [..] + John Tomase03/20/17 01:20 pm EST Why does Robert Kraft fly on Air [..] - John Tomase03/20/17 01:20 pm EST Why does Robert Kraft fly on Air Force One, Clay Buchholz stupidity, other [..] Random thoughts while secretly hoping the Russians help me win the K&C A-Hole [..] + Ryan Hannable03/19/17 11:17 pm EST Let's stop connecting Darrelle [..] - Ryan Hannable03/19/17 11:17 pm EST Let's stop connecting Darrelle Revis to Patriots because it’s not [..] Bill Belichick and the Patriots are always searching for value in free agency and a lot [..] + Green Street03/22/17 10:10 pm EST Impressive win over Pacers proves [..] - Green Street03/22/17 10:10 pm EST Impressive win over Pacers proves Celtics have a shot at grabbing No. 1 seed in the east Don't look now but the Celtics are now in stride to top the Cavaliers for the [..] + Green Street03/22/17 07:18 pm EST Silver lining of early season [..] - Green Street03/22/17 07:18 pm EST Silver lining of early season injuries sheds light on Brad Stevens’ approach to resting players late in season If there's one dividend from the early season injury bug that the Celtics are [..] + Big Bad Blog03/22/17 07:01 pm EST Ex-Bruin Marc Savard tweets that [..] - Big Bad Blog03/22/17 07:01 pm EST Ex-Bruin Marc Savard tweets that Bruins will make the playoffs When concussions cut Marc Savard's NHL career entirely too short, there was [..] + Big Bad Blog03/22/17 06:25 pm EST Bruins sniper David Pastrnak hangs [..] - Big Bad Blog03/22/17 06:25 pm EST Bruins sniper David Pastrnak hangs head after loss: ‘I’ve got to be better’ The goals are not coming like they once did for Bruins winger David Pastrnak. [..] + It Is What It Is03/22/17 04:14 pm EST Malcolm Butler on Instagram: [..] - It Is What It Is03/22/17 04:14 pm EST Malcolm Butler on Instagram: ‘Nothing changed but the change’ 2017 appears to be the year of cryptic social media posts and Malcolm Butler is [..] + It Is What It Is03/22/17 02:46 pm EST Roger Goodell pens letter to fans [..] - It Is What It Is03/22/17 02:46 pm EST Roger Goodell pens letter to fans addressing changes for 2017 The NFL is always looking to improve its game and these changes typically take [..] + Red Sox03/13/17 12:15 pm EST If David Price's return hinges on [..] - Red Sox03/13/17 12:15 pm EST If David Price's return hinges on a magical healing elbow, we're in trouble I want to believe David Price is fine. I do. But when that requires accepting the existence of [..] + Red Sox 03/09/17 09:24 pm EST His fourth cancer treatment behind [..] - Red Sox 03/09/17 09:24 pm EST His fourth cancer treatment behind him, NESN's Jerry Remy looks ahead FORT MYERS, Fla. -- Most of life gets easier with repetition. SATs jump from junior year to [..] + Patriots03/22/17 11:31 pm EST Take time to appreciate Martellus [..] - Patriots03/22/17 11:31 pm EST Take time to appreciate Martellus Bennett and Chris Long Disclaimer: This piece should have been written two weeks ago, but all the moves the Patriots [..] + Patriots 03/20/17 10:43 pm EST Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: [..] - Patriots 03/20/17 10:43 pm EST Resetting 2017 Patriots roster: Which positions are set, which need work The majority of the Patriots’ roster for next season has taken shape with all the moves [..] + Bruins03/21/17 07:01 am EST Losses could set Bruins up for yet [..] - Bruins03/21/17 07:01 am EST Losses could set Bruins up for yet another uncomfortable finish Monday night was more than uncomfortable for the Bruins and their fans. In fact, their 4-2 [..] + Celtics02/28/17 12:58 am EST Celtics have a major problem -- [..] - Celtics02/28/17 12:58 am EST Celtics have a major problem -- when teams hit them, they don't know how to hit back Ready for some tough love, Celtics fans? Your C's are stumbling toward another early playoff [..] Get alerts sent to your phone Sign up for the weei newsletter Network Stations Our station affiliates for original programming and game broadcasts: » WEEI Network Stations » Red Sox Radio Network WEEI Features Check out great daily deals with potential savings of more than 50%! » My Email Offers » WEEI Events » Community Events WEEI Mobile Access WEEI.com on your mobile device anytime, anywhere. Get the details. » WEEI Live App » Mobile Alerts from WEEI » Podcast WEEI Daily Mashup Sign up to receive WEEI's Daily Mashup Newsletter to have Boston sports news, audio on demand, LJ Cartoons and the Perks Daily Deal delivered to your inbox. Contests Compete in the WEEI Bracket Challenge for a chance to win $500, an autographed Celtics basketball and Wise Snacks for a year. Click here to register and make your picks! Advertise With Us We will uncover your marketing needs, establish a reasonable budget and deliver results. Click here to advertise with us » Preferred Sponsors Facebook & Twitter Are you on facebook? Click here to view the WEEI facebook page and become a fan! You can also follow us on Twitter by visiting our page & subscribing to our RSS feed. WEEI Newsletters WEEI offers a variety of email newsletter subscriptions for Clubhouse Insiders. Check out our list of newsletters offerings here. Clubhouse Insider Join our exclusive listener club for access to the WEEI Stream, your chance to win great prizes, and to receive WEEI Newsletters. - Already a member? Log-in Whine of the Week Click here to listen to the past winners of the Whine of the Week and vote every Thursday night starting at 7pm for a chance to win prizes! WEEI Podcast Center Visit our Podcenter to subscribe to your favorite WEEI shows, Boston teams, and even the Whiner Line!. WEEI.com Partners WEEI will uncover your business’ marketing need, establish a reasonable budget with you to invest that will deliver results. » Preferred Sponsors LEEINKS Blog This blog is one-stop link shopping from Rob Bradford & Company. It is the hottest videos, stories, and rumors from around the web. Check it out.   Privacy Policy | EEO Public Files:Boston - Providence - Springfield - Worcester | Jobs | Contact us | Contest Rules | Community Events | Advertise with us | Press Room | Entercom | Stations | Site Map | Copyright Notice | Image Use | Terms of Use | Public Inspection File | Public Inspection File - Help   Copyright © 2017 Entercom Boston, LLC All Rights Reserved.  
Subscribe Today Customer Service eRegister Today's Paper Knowledge Cafe Magazines Unidos Weather Home News Sports Business Entertainment Life Opinion Obits Register Rewards CARS JOBS DEALS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Cities Crime Traffic Education Watchdog Science Government California Nation Weather Election More 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit Filmmaker finds sea turtle entangled in balloon, cuts him loose Mexican restaurants, hair salon victims in a string of break-ins in Huntington Beach California estimates it would lose $24 billion by decade's end under GOP health plan World Baseball Classic: Marcus Stroman, Team USA overwhelm Puerto Rico for first title Miller: Marcus Stroman, U.S. try to make Americans care about World Baseball Classic Rickard Rakell dazzles again as Ducks top Oilers, 4-3 Whicker: Steve Alford has UCLA winning – and Indiana waiting 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit What does the future Sears look like? Smaller and more specialized, analysts say 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim 'Finding Neverland' in Costa Mesa evokes a childlike sense of wonder Top news News Cypress man who posed as young surfer on social media gets 12 years for molesting girls March 20, 2017 Updated 5:10 p.m. 1 of 1 Michael Mordaunt of Cypress, 47, who posed as a young surfer on social media, was sentenced to a dozen years in prison Monday for victimizing at least 17 girls. Michael Mordaunt of Cypress, 47, who posed as a young surfer on social media, was sentenced to a dozen years in prison Monday for victimizing at least 17 girls. By CITY NEWS SERVICE Facebook Twitter Email Comments PRINT SEND PDF SANTA ANA -- A 47-year-old Cypress man who posed as a young surfer on social media was sentenced to a dozen years in prison Monday for victimizing at least 17 girls, some of whom he met in person and molested, according to prosecutors. Michael Theodore Mordaunt was also ordered to register as a sex offender for the rest of his life, Deputy District Attorney Bobby Taghavi said. Mordaunt created multiple MySpace and Facebook profiles, using an image of a young teenage boy on a surfboard, to contact underage girls from Feb. 25, 2009, through Jan. 15, 2014, Taghavi said. Mordaunt sought and received sexually explicit photos from multiple girls and carried on sexually charged conversations with some of the girls, Taghavi said. Mordaunt was charged in July 2014 with multiple sex crimes involving girls 12 to 16 years old, according to Taghavi. Mordaunt pleaded guilty Feb. 9 to 30 felony counts for charges including luring of a child with intent to commit a specified crime, lewd or lascivious acts with a minor, child pornography and meeting a minor to commit lewd conduct, according to court records. Mordaunt was working in information technology for Boeing in Seal Beach when he was arrested. Related Links Cypress man, who posed as surfer boy, pleads guilty in sex charges involving 17 girls Cypress man charged with 24 counts of lewd acts with girls Digital & Driveway Delivery - 50% Off Most Popular Fire damages Huntington Beach apartment building, leaves 4 pets dead Shooting in Garden Grove leaves 1 man injured In London, another ‘lone wolf’ terrorist attack Where do Southern California Republicans stand on GOP health care bill? 7 of 9 puppies taken from Cypress woman accused of running bogus rescue are adopted Related Links Cypress man, who posed as surfer boy, pleads guilty in sex charges involving 17 girls Cypress man charged with 24 counts of lewd acts with girls User Agreement Comments are encouraged, but you must follow our Privacy Policy Policy & Terms of Use Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. By posting your comment, you agree to allow Orange County Register Communications, Inc. the right to republish your name and comment in additional Register publications without any notification or payment. 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit Filmmaker finds sea turtle entangled in balloon, cuts him loose Mexican restaurants, hair salon victims in a string of break-ins in Huntington Beach California estimates it would lose $24 billion by decade's end under GOP health plan World Baseball Classic: Marcus Stroman, Team USA overwhelm Puerto Rico for first title Miller: Marcus Stroman, U.S. try to make Americans care about World Baseball Classic Rickard Rakell dazzles again as Ducks top Oilers, 4-3 Whicker: Steve Alford has UCLA winning – and Indiana waiting 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit What does the future Sears look like? Smaller and more specialized, analysts say 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim 'Finding Neverland' in Costa Mesa evokes a childlike sense of wonder Top news Education » Orange Coast College honors anti-Trump instructor Olga Cox, but she turns it down Trustees pass $270 tuition hike for Cal State students Tuition hike passes Cal State finance panel; formal trustees' vote comes next BUSINESS » 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Seller takes a risk in auction of oceanfront Laguna Beach house designed by Brion Jeannette 140-unit condo development in Old Town Tustin delayed by lawsuit O.C. Watchdog » Twins, divided: The fate of mentally disabled husband heading to mediation Are criminals working at your mom's state-licensed care home? Part 1: Twins, divided: Is one man happily married or a victim of sexual abuse? Health Care » Will I lose my health insurance with the GOP plan? For millions in California, the answer is yes CSUF training the midwives of the future State braces for Medi-Cal's future ENTERTAINMENT » 'Wilson' has plenty of laughs, but not emotional heft So-so 'Power Rangers' reboot is cheesy, self-serious Big Sean shakes House of Blues Anaheim Food » 20-year-old Taco Mesa in Orange adding tortilla factory Here's what's new at Knott's Berry Farm's Boysenberry Festival 10 dishes to try at Water Grill, which is becoming the best seafood restaurant in Orange County TELEVISION » How a movie villain inspired TV prankster and magician Michael Carbonaro Robert Osborne, genial face of TCM, dead at 84 Shirley Chung or Brooke Williamson? Who is crowned Season 14 Top Chef winner Special Sections » Oceanfront Laguna Beach house asking $19.4 million heads to auction block OC Home 2016 OC HOME 2015 Featured Multimedia CARTOONS » Cartoons: Gorsuch confirmation hearings HEALTH CARE » Uninsured people in California and the U.S. are at their lowest rates SLIDESHOW » 10 dishes to try at Water Grill, which is becoming the best seafood restaurant in Orange County SLIDESHOW » Street Style: What they're wearing at Ducks games CARTOONS » Cartoons: FBI probe VIDEO/SLIDESHOW » 50 years ago Saturday, Pirates of the Caribbean opened at Disneyland Programs & Promotions Nominate an Everyday Hero Stay Connected with our E-Mail Newsletters Cars Jobs Homes Deals Classifieds Find a car Dealer Print Specials Find a Dealer News and Research Sell a Car Find a job Employer Tools Interview Online Post a Resume Top Workplaces Find a home Apartments & Rentals Find an Agent Mortgage Center New Homes Find a deal Garage Sales Grocery Coupons Search Coupons Search Ads Search Classifieds Announcements Obituaries Place an Ad Pets Business Directory More Orange County Businesses Ads by Google Return to Top home news sports business entertainment life travel opinion Real estate Jobs Cars Deals Classifieds Place an Ad ADVERTISE OPTIONS Self Service Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kit Advertising Contact Info CONTACT OCREGISTER About Us Careers Contact Us Corrections Customer Service Subscribe Today Upgrade to 7-days Subscriber Services Site Help Site Feedback OCR SERVICES Archives Buy Our Photos California Lottery Deals Register Rewards Register in Education Obituaries Facebook Comments FAQs NEWS YOUR WAY Blogs E-Mail Newsletters E-Register Mobile RSS Site Map Video ADVERTISING Classifieds Cars Deals Jobs Real Estate Place a Classified Ad View our Media Kit PARTNERS KDOC-TV Unidos Coast Magazine Freedom Printing OC Register Family Southland Golf Copyright © 2017 The Orange County Register & Digital First Media Privacy Policy & Terms of Use | Copyright | Arbitration | Site Help | Site Map | Digital First Media
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Thursday 23 Mar 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Avcorp increases credit facilities to USD 58m By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · March 20, 2017 Avcorp Industries Inc. (TSX: AVP) has entered into an agreement to extend its existing credit facilities with its current lender to USD 58m, up from CAD 21m, the company said. The credit facility extension supports the company´s recent efforts to re-structure operations, win long-term production contracts, and strengthen its relationships with key customers. The current credit facilities will be extended in increments through 2017 and 2018, with maturity on June 30, 2020, subject to definitive loan documentation and required consents. The credit facility expansion will provide working capital for the company´s operations in Delta British Columbia, Burlington Ontario, and Gardena California including the funding of operating expenses in connection with all customer production lines and supplier payables. The extension of the credit facilities will also provide required capital to ensure that Avcorp continues to play a key role in the supply chain of its valued customers. The Avcorp Group designs and builds major airframe structures for aircraft companies, including BAE Systems, Boeing, Bombardier, Fuji Heavy Industries, and Lockheed Martin. The company has over 800 skilled employees and 636,000 square feet of facilities. Avcorp Structures & Integration located in Delta British Columbia, Canada is dedicated to metallic and composite aerostructures assembly and integration; Avcorp Engineered Composites located in Burlington Ontario, Canada is dedicated to design and manufacture of composite aerostructures, and Avcorp Composite Fabrication located in Gardena California, has advanced composite aerostructures fabrication capabilities for composite aerostructures. Avcorp Composite Fabrication Inc. is wholly owned by Avcorp US Holdings Inc. Both companies are incorporated in The State of Delaware, USA, and are wholly owned subsidiaries of Avcorp Industries Inc. Comtek Advanced Structures Ltd., incorporated in the Province of Ontario, Canada, is a wholly owned subsidiary of Avcorp Industries Inc. Related posts FedEx Express to begin Liege-Memphis flight March 22, 2017 FedEx Express (FedEx) will begin operating a new flight linking TNT´s European air hub in... FCM Travel Solutions partners with AirPlus International in the US business travel market March 22, 2017 AirPlus International Inc. and FCM Travel Solutions have formed a partnership in the United States... Flexjet marketing team wins 5 Cleveland ADDY awards March 22, 2017 Flexjet LLC has received five 2016 American Advertising (ADDY) Awards at the American Advertising Federation... Burnham Sterling supports financing for Avianca Holdings March 22, 2017 Burnham Sterling & Co. LLC , a financial advisory firm specializing in transportation assets, has... Orbit Communications' 3D Audio boosts pilots' awareness, reduces workload, increases flight safety March 22, 2017 Orbit Communications Systems Ltd. (TASE: ORBI) has announced that 3D Audio is now being offered... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Aerojet Rocketdyne engines support SATCOM spacecraft launch IAH ranks 8th in US for on-time performance » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
Open Close About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Editorial Thursday 23 Mar 2017 Home Business Banking & Finance Economy Retail Media & Technology M&A Employment Aerojet Rocketdyne engines support SATCOM spacecraft launch By Gulli Arnason in Air and Travel · March 20, 2017 Aerojet Rocketdyne, Inc. has played a major role in successfully launching and placing the ninth Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) spacecraft into orbit for the US military, the company said. The mission was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in Florida aboard a United Launch Alliance (ULA) Delta IV rocket. Aerojet Rocketdyne propulsion systems included the RS-68A booster engine, the RL10B-2 upper-stage engine, 14 helium pressurization tanks, and a 100 lbf bipropellant apogee-raising engine aboard the WGS-9 spacecraft. Aerojet Rocketdyne´s role in the launch began when a single RS-68A engine ignited to boost the Delta IV off the pad, providing 702,000 pounds of lift-off thrust. The RS-68A is the world´s most powerful liquid hydrogen/liquid oxygen engine. The RS-68 family of engines has now flown 35 commercial and government missions with 100% mission success. After the upper stage separated from the launch vehicle, a single RL10B-2 upper-stage engine ignited to place the payload into orbit. The RL10B-2 delivers 24,750 pounds of thrust to power the Delta IV upper stage, using cryogenic liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen propellants. Once separated from the launch vehicle, WGS-9 will perform multiple burns on Aerojet Rocketdyne´s High Performance Apogee Thruster (HiPAT) rocket engine to complete the orbit raising from Geosynchronous Transfer Orbit to its final geosynchronous orbital position. The HiPAT rocket engine has a 100% mission success track record spanning over 115 missions, including all WGS spacecraft. The Boeing-built WGS satellites provide increased military communications capabilities for US and allied forces deployed worldwide. They help support the exchange of information, execution of tactical command and control, intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance. Aerojet Rocketdyne, a subsidiary of Aerojet Rocketdyne Holdings, Inc. (AJRD) provides propulsion and energetics to the space, missile defense and strategic systems, tactical systems and armaments areas, in support of domestic and international markets. Related posts FedEx Express to begin Liege-Memphis flight March 22, 2017 FedEx Express (FedEx) will begin operating a new flight linking TNT´s European air hub in... FCM Travel Solutions partners with AirPlus International in the US business travel market March 22, 2017 AirPlus International Inc. and FCM Travel Solutions have formed a partnership in the United States... Flexjet marketing team wins 5 Cleveland ADDY awards March 22, 2017 Flexjet LLC has received five 2016 American Advertising (ADDY) Awards at the American Advertising Federation... Burnham Sterling supports financing for Avianca Holdings March 22, 2017 Burnham Sterling & Co. LLC , a financial advisory firm specializing in transportation assets, has... Orbit Communications' 3D Audio boosts pilots' awareness, reduces workload, increases flight safety March 22, 2017 Orbit Communications Systems Ltd. (TASE: ORBI) has announced that 3D Audio is now being offered... Leave a comment Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « Air Methods, FlightSafety open training facility in Colorado Avcorp increases credit facilities to USD 58m » Search for: Follow us on Powered by LiveCharts.Co.Uk UK Share Prices and Gold Price Tags acquisitions airlines Banks barclays car China debt disposals Energy EU Europe featured Finance gas GDP Germany Google Government Growth high street HSBC India Inflation jobs manufacturing mergers mortgages newsinpictures oil ONS pharmaceuticals pictures private equity RBS Recession Results Retail News social media Spain Telecom Telecommunications Tesco UK UK economy USA Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 February 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 August 2010 April 2010 March 2017 M T W T F S S « Feb       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Submit Become a Contributor Submit Press Release © 2017 Financial News. Powered by WordPress. Deadline Responsive by AWESEM.
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment Lloyds sets up review for fraud victims under Prof Russel Griggs The Scottish businessman will look at compensation claims stemming from the £245m fraud committed by Lynden Scourfield and other financiers    James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Monday 20 March 2017 17:53 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online David Mills, centre, and his colleague Michael Bancroft, left, Lynden Scourfield, right Thames Valley Police When you buy a business, you buy its problems, and the responsibility to sort them out.  Lloyds, the owner of HBOS, therefore needs to fix things for any business that lost out through the fraudulent actions of crooked banker Lynden Scourfield and his pals.  Scourfield was one of six financiers who were sent to prison for their parts in a scheme that drained the bank and small businesses of £245m, leaving some of the latter in serious difficulties while they lived the high life on the money.  Read more Lloyds apologises for distress caused by corrupt bankers in loan scam MPs urge Lloyds to compensate customers scammed by HBOS bankers HBOS fraud: It's time to tax audits to fund fraud cops Victims claim they have spent years trying to get HBOS and Lloyds to take their claims seriously. Lloyds denies this and has now appointed Professor Russel Griggs to conduct a review into the cases of those who may have lost out.  Prof Griggs seems to be the go to guy when it comes to independent reviews of banking. Last year the Scottish businessman looked at the way bank branch closures were handled for the British Bankers Association that will see a new standard adopted.  Another of his reviews considered lending to small and medium sized enterprises (SMEs) and led to the adoption of another standard. He also in 2011 looked at the appeals process for SMEs denied credit.  As a former head of the CBI's small business panel, he clearly knows the territory on both sides of the issue. Too well? You could look at it that way.  Let's hope it serves to achieve as rapid a result as possible for those who have spent too long waiting for this issue to be resolved.  Anthony Stansfield, Police & Crime Commission for Thames Valley, had some pointed things to say about the case, which cost the police force he oversees a huge amount of money and manpower to bring to book, in a statement issued after its conclusion.   One of the issues he raised was this: “That a fraud of this size could have taken place either displays complicity or incompetence, a lack of corporate governance, complacency, and an absence of proper safeguards (on the part of the bank).” Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Quite. Of course that was before Lloyds entered the picture. But it explains why the owner of HBOS now has a responsibility to address victims' criticisms and to ensure they are compensated.  Lloyds is once again making pots of money. The state’s stake in the institution is down to 3 per cent. But it is important, as it looks forward to a life free from the addition of “state backed” whenever people write about it, that things like this don’t get swept under the carpet.  If the conclusion to be drawn from Prof Griggs appointment is that the bank realises this, so much the better.  More about: Lloyds Banking Group bank fraud Griggs HBOS Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #UPPolls #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News 90 days paid leave for woman victims of sexual harassment SAD asks Amarinder to waive farmers debt, provide 30 lakh jobs Business Standard SpiceJet to train 70-75 aircraft maintenance engineers each yr Press Trust of India  |  New Delhi  March 20, 2017 Last Updated at 19:48 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUEn9J ALSO READ SpiceJet to train 70-75 aircraft maintenance staff every year SpiceJet flight delayed by 9 hours due to crack on windshield SpiceJet offers fares starting at Rs 3,111 for overseas travel Women's Day: Special offers for female flyers on Spicejet SpiceJet posts Rs 181 cr profit; in black for 8th straight qtr SpiceJet aims to train up to 75 aircraft maintenance engineers under its apprentice programme every year as the airline looks to nurture talent in-house. Against the backdrop of skilled manpower shortage in the fast-growing domestic aviation sector, the airline would provide employment to students who successfully complete the apprentice programme. The initiative would help in improving skills of the students with increased focus on practical training, SpiceJet's Senior Vice President (Engineering and Maintenance) Arun Kashyap said. "Initially, we plan to train around 70-75 people every year," he told PTI. The programme, which was started in August 2016, is divided into two phases -- three months of classroom teaching and nine months of hands-on training. So far, 22 students have completed their classroom course and the new batch started earlier this month. Kashyap said that the airline is in discussions with aircraft engine makers, including Pratt & Whitney, with respect to the apprentice programme. There is a shortage of skilled manpower to the tune of 300-500 people for the domestic airlines. These are mainly for technicians, and certifying staff, he noted. Those inducted into the apprentice programme are generally students who have completed their aircraft maintenance engineering course having two-and-a-half to three years duration. Kashyap said the programme would also help in preparing for the airline's expansion plans by way of nurturing talent within the organisation. In one of the largest deals in the domestic aviation sector, SpiceJet has announced plans to purchase up to 205 new aircraft from Boeing with the order valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore. The multi-billion dollar deal, announced in January, would see the airline buying more fuel-efficient 155 Boeing planes, with the delivery slated to start from 2018. SpiceJet, which currently has a fleet of 49 planes, operates 343 average daily flights to 45 destinations, including six international ones. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | Spicejet | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements The 'One' Sedan the World's Elite Prefer to Drive Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep SpiceJet to train 70-75 aircraft maintenance engineers each yr SpiceJet aims to train up to 75 aircraft maintenance engineers under its apprentice programme every year as the airline looks to nurture talent in-house. Against the backdrop of skilled manpower shortage in the fast-growing domestic aviation sector, the airline would provide employment to students who successfully complete the apprentice programme. The initiative would help in improving skills of the students with increased focus on practical training, SpiceJet's Senior Vice President (Engineering and Maintenance) Arun Kashyap said. "Initially, we plan to train around 70-75 people every year," he told PTI. The programme, which was started in August 2016, is divided into two phases -- three months of classroom teaching and nine months of hands-on training. So far, 22 students have completed their classroom course and the new batch started earlier this month. Kashyap said that the airline is in discussions with aircraft engine makers, including Pratt & Whitney, with ... SpiceJet aims to train up to 75 aircraft maintenance engineers under its apprentice programme every year as the airline looks to nurture talent in-house. Against the backdrop of skilled manpower shortage in the fast-growing domestic aviation sector, the airline would provide employment to students who successfully complete the apprentice programme. The initiative would help in improving skills of the students with increased focus on practical training, SpiceJet's Senior Vice President (Engineering and Maintenance) Arun Kashyap said. "Initially, we plan to train around 70-75 people every year," he told PTI. The programme, which was started in August 2016, is divided into two phases -- three months of classroom teaching and nine months of hands-on training. So far, 22 students have completed their classroom course and the new batch started earlier this month. Kashyap said that the airline is in discussions with aircraft engine makers, including Pratt & Whitney, with respect to the apprentice programme. There is a shortage of skilled manpower to the tune of 300-500 people for the domestic airlines. These are mainly for technicians, and certifying staff, he noted. Those inducted into the apprentice programme are generally students who have completed their aircraft maintenance engineering course having two-and-a-half to three years duration. Kashyap said the programme would also help in preparing for the airline's expansion plans by way of nurturing talent within the organisation. In one of the largest deals in the domestic aviation sector, SpiceJet has announced plans to purchase up to 205 new aircraft from Boeing with the order valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore. The multi-billion dollar deal, announced in January, would see the airline buying more fuel-efficient 155 Boeing planes, with the delivery slated to start from 2018. SpiceJet, which currently has a fleet of 49 planes, operates 343 average daily flights to 45 destinations, including six international ones. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 SpiceJet to train 70-75 aircraft maintenance engineers each yr SpiceJet aims to train up to 75 aircraft maintenance engineers under its apprentice programme every year as the airline looks to nurture talent in-house. Against the backdrop of skilled manpower shortage in the fast-growing domestic aviation sector, the airline would provide employment to students who successfully complete the apprentice programme. The initiative would help in improving skills of the students with increased focus on practical training, SpiceJet's Senior Vice President (Engineering and Maintenance) Arun Kashyap said. "Initially, we plan to train around 70-75 people every year," he told PTI. The programme, which was started in August 2016, is divided into two phases -- three months of classroom teaching and nine months of hands-on training. So far, 22 students have completed their classroom course and the new batch started earlier this month. Kashyap said that the airline is in discussions with aircraft engine makers, including Pratt & Whitney, with respect to the apprentice programme. There is a shortage of skilled manpower to the tune of 300-500 people for the domestic airlines. These are mainly for technicians, and certifying staff, he noted. Those inducted into the apprentice programme are generally students who have completed their aircraft maintenance engineering course having two-and-a-half to three years duration. Kashyap said the programme would also help in preparing for the airline's expansion plans by way of nurturing talent within the organisation. In one of the largest deals in the domestic aviation sector, SpiceJet has announced plans to purchase up to 205 new aircraft from Boeing with the order valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore. The multi-billion dollar deal, announced in January, would see the airline buying more fuel-efficient 155 Boeing planes, with the delivery slated to start from 2018. SpiceJet, which currently has a fleet of 49 planes, operates 343 average daily flights to 45 destinations, including six international ones. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Ajmer blasts case: Life term for two ‘ex-RSS pracharaks’ Direct transfer, 2 lakh sale points: Big fertiliser subsidy reform rollout in June On Yogi govt table, file on Yogi hate speech case Crackdown begins, meat plants sealed in Meerut, samples sent Ken-Betwa impact: Expert who asked for more studies quits green panel Home Business Aviation SpiceJet to train 70-75 aircraft maintenance engineers each year SpiceJet to train 70-75 aircraft maintenance engineers each year In one of the largest deals in the domestic aviation sector, SpiceJet has announced plans to purchase up to 205 new aircraft from Boeing with the order valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore. By: PTI | New Delhi | Published:March 20, 2017 8:32 pm SpiceJet aims to train up to 75 aircraft maintenance engineers under its apprentice programme every year as the airline looks to nurture talent in-house. Against the backdrop of skilled manpower shortage in the fast-growing domestic aviation sector, the airline would provide employment to students who successfully complete the apprentice programme. The initiative would help in improving skills of the students with increased focus on practical training, SpiceJet’s Senior Vice President (Engineering and Maintenance) Arun Kashyap said. “Initially, we plan to train around 70-75 people every year,” he told PTI. The programme, which was started in August 2016, is divided into two phases — three months of classroom teaching and nine months of hands-on training. So far, 22 students have completed their classroom course and the new batch started earlier this month. Kashyap said that the airline is in discussions with aircraft engine makers, including Pratt & Whitney, with respect to the apprentice programme. There is a shortage of skilled manpower to the tune of 300-500 people for the domestic airlines. These are mainly for technicians, and certifying staff, he noted. Those inducted into the apprentice programme are generally students who have completed their aircraft maintenance engineering course having two-and-a-half to three years duration. Kashyap said the programme would also help in preparing for the airline’s expansion plans by way of nurturing talent within the organisation. In one of the largest deals in the domestic aviation sector, SpiceJet has announced plans to purchase up to 205 new aircraft from Boeing with the order valued at Rs 1,50,000 crore. The multi-billion dollar deal, announced in January, would see the airline buying more fuel-efficient 155 Boeing planes, with the delivery slated to start from 2018. SpiceJet, which currently has a fleet of 49 planes, operates 343 average daily flights to 45 destinations, including six international ones. For all the latest India News, download Indian Express App now Election 2017 Captain Amarinder Singh is Punjab CM, vows to fight against drugs Amit Shah tells Keshav Prasad Maurya to pick Uttar Pradesh chief minister Lethargy of Digvijaya Singh, central observers was shocking, says Goa MLA who quit Congress Best of Express 'God save our country if this is the behavior of our MPs': AI Staffer after assault by Shiv Sena MP EntertainmentPhillauri celeb movie review: Anushka Sharma film wins Shah Rukh Khan, Alia Bhatt with its charm. See pics EntertainmentKapil Sharma slapped Sunil Grover, hit him with a shoe? Here is what exactly happened on that flight EntertainmentHappy Birthday Kangana Ranaut: As Kangana turns 30, five films that define her career EntertainmentAudience wants Sunil Grover to quit Kapil Sharma Show. See poll results Must Read SportsWe fully support Virat Kohli, says Cheteshwar Pujara SportsFearful Kohli is due for a lot of runs: Gilchrist SportsA look at mind-blowing statistics of the IPL TechnologyReliance Jio Prime membership at Rs 99: Here's how to get Rs 100 cashback TechnologyOppo F3 Plus review: Selfies are the focus, but it’s not cheap TechnologyLG Stylus 3 launched in India: Price, specifications and features LifestyleHappy birthday, Kangana Ranaut: A look at her best looks of 2017 so far Mar 23: Latest News Navjot Sidhu can do TV if it’s main source of income: Amarinder Singh From Syria to Congo, male victims of sexual violence in conflict neglected Breach of privilege motion against CM Siddaramaiah moved in Assembly BCCI compromised integrity of Virat Kohli, says former president Anurag Thakur VIDEO: Hyderabad traffic cop was caught taking bribe and you won’t believe what happened next                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN WELCOME REGISTER LOGIN LOGOUT MY DOWNLOADS OPTIONS Notifications See All Notifications (e.g. yourname@email.com) Remember me Forgot Password? Or login with Facebook Home DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Mattis Military Unit Pages Combatant Commands Podcasts Webcasts Newswire Alerts Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit REGISTER LOGIN DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN OPTIONS MY DOWNLOADS LOGOUT Home DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Mattis Military Unit Pages Combatant Commands Podcasts Webcasts Newswire Alerts Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service DVIDS Hub works best with JavaScript enabled Air Force Successfully Launches WGS-9 Satellite LOS ANGELES AIR FORCE BASE, CA, UNITED STATES 03.18.2017 Courtesy Story Secretary of the Air Force Public Affairs ✔ ✗ Subscribe 11 “WGS-9 launch marks an important occasion for the Wideband constellation as it is a major milestone in a 20-year partnership with Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, and New Zealand,” said Mr. Bob Tarleton, director of Space and Missile Systems Center’s Military Satellite Communications Systems Directorate. “This accomplishment is the result of the remarkable relationship with our international partners and our exemplary operations at the 45th Space Wing, 50th Space Wing, and industry,” said Tarleton. “Thanks to the astounding commitment, focus on the mission, and team work, we successfully launched the next satellite in the WGS satellite constellation.” This mission demonstrates the Air Force’s continued commitment to deliver secure and reliable satellite communications around the globe to U.S. forces and her allies. WGS satellites play an integral part in the strategic and tactical coordination of military operations. With this launch, WGS-9 will significantly enhance the current WGS constellation by providing increased communication capacity and coverage. Improving on previous WGS satellites, WGS-9 utilizes a state-of-the-art channelizer, which increases the communication capacity by approximately 45% compared to the first seven WGS satellites. Over the next few months, Boeing will begin on-orbit testing of WGS-9 to verify performance and prepare the satellite for operational use. Ultimately, WGS-9 will be controlled by the U.S. Air Force’s 3rd Space Operations Squadron at Schriever Air Force Base. The WGS-9 satellite will enter operations in October 2017. With one more satellite in production, the WGS constellation is planned to have a total of 10 satellites on orbit by 2019. LEAVE A COMMENT NEWS INFO Date Taken: 03.18.2017 Date Posted: 03.20.2017 08:47 Story ID: 227375 Location: LOS ANGELES AIR FORCE BASE, CA, US  Web Views: 82 Downloads: 1 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN   This work, Air Force Successfully Launches WGS-9 Satellite, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law. MORE LIKE THIS TAGS WGS9 launch Add Tag OPTIONS   Validate Your Account to Download   Register/Login to Download   Download Story   Add to My Downloads   Create TinyURL   Connect to Placements   Add to Playlist   Add News & Images to Playlist   Distribute Story   Schedule Social Post   Edit Story   Printable Version LEAVE A COMMENT Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service 24 Hour Media Hotline 678-421-6612
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business Comment GMB urges investors to defend the Unilever model. They need to listen Insecurity is helping to fuel an ugly wave of populism that will ultimately harm investors’ best interests. Unilever has shown that there is a better way. It would be a tragedy if that were to be lost as a result of Kraft Heinz’s rejected takeover approach James Moore Chief Business Commentator @JimMooreJourno Monday 20 March 2017 11:00 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online Union leaders are concerned that workers will reap a Kraft-style whirlwind despite the latter’s retreat back across the Atlantic Is there still room for a better sort of capitalism? With a fog of uncertainty hanging over all those working at Unilever, the GMB union has written to its leading investors, including BlackRock Investment Management and Legal & General Investment Management, in the wake of a pledge by the company’s management to turbo-charge shareholders’ returns.  Unilever bosses have promised a “comprehensive review of options available to accelerate delivery of value for the benefit of our shareholders” after sending suitor Kraft Heinz packing.  Read more Unilever 'considering selling' brands including Flora and Stork spread Unilever Set to Change Compensation Structure to Instil Owner's Mindset Unilever promises more profit. Can it stay cuddly too? While not a saint, the Marmite maker has long stood for a better sort of capitalism. Indeed, the GMB highlights Unilever’s “proven track record of investment, decent pensions, good working conditions and recognising trade unions like GMB”, its “proud history of treating workers with respect” and its “status as a model employer”.   However, union leaders are concerned that the aforementioned statement points to the impending sacrifice of this on the altar of “accelerated delivery for the benefit of our shareholders”, and that workers, whom CEO Paul Poulman last week said should be considered when a UK champion receives a takeover approach, will reap a Kraft-style whirlwind despite the latter’s retreat back across the Atlantic.  After all, when big company bosses like Mr Poulman talk about boosting returns for shareholders it doesn’t usually involve cutting their bloated packages.  The tried and tested tactic is to cut, cut and cut again, with the pay, pensions and conditions of workers lower down the corporate food chain directly in the firing line.  The insecurity, and anxiety, created by this sort of behaviour on the part of big employers is undoubtedly a factor in the rise of the ugly populism that stalks Europe, the UK and the US. Brexit is just one of the malign consequences to have emerged from it. Still worse could follow.  Investors, large and small, will suffer from that along with everyone else. The sharper minds among them might care to reflect on that, and consider how the destruction of the Unilever model will only serve as fuel for the fires that are raging. It would ultimately prove to be, as the GMB notes, counter productive. Occasionally there are hints that the controlling brains at the top of the big money managers recognise the issue. L&G’s group chief executive Nigel Wilson, for example, headed a panel on so-called “mission-led businesses” – profit-driven enterprises that nonetheless have a commitment to social impact – that reported to the Government a while back.  It was, if we’re being honest here, a little bit woolly. But the hearts of those involved were at least in the right place.  Unilever could be seen as an example of what Mr Wilson was calling for. What the GMB has said about Unilever as an employer – high praise from a union – is certainly indicative of that.  Perhaps Mr Wilson might have a word in the shell likes of his fund managers? It would be a start.  Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters After all, if you want to invest in a company like Kraft Heinz, with all that entails, then there’s nothing stopping you from investing in Kraft Heinz. The company will turn its hungry eyes elsewhere before too long, so you’ll ultimately get all the slashing and burning you want.  Personally, I’d rather see my pension money directed towards something a bit better. It’s not as if Unilever isn’t a highly profitable company. Its shares have been on the rise as a result of all the recent fuss, but they still offer a prospective dividend yield of close to 3 per cent.  If any group can influence the direction of Unilever it is the big fund managers. They should consider carefully what the GMB has had to say. Then, perhaps they might care to follow up on its letter with one of their own to Mr Poulman. Something like this would do the trick: “We’d obviously like to see better returns, but we also like the Unilever model. So please don’t break it.”  More about: Unilever GMB Kraft Heinz Legal & General ethical investment Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. News Business Business News Uber president Jeff Jones quits after just six months and issues damning criticism of company 'The beliefs and approach to leadership that have guided my career are inconsistent with what I saw and experienced at Uber,' the marketing expert said Heather Somerville Monday 20 March 2017 08:38 GMT Click to follow The Independent Online A former Uber employee last month published a blog post describing a workplace where sexual harassment was common and went unpunished Carl Court/Getty Ride services company Uber has been thrust deeper into turmoil with the departure of company president Jeff Jones, a marketing expert hired to help soften its often abrasive image. Mr Jones quit less than seven months after joining the San Francisco company, an Uber spokesman said on Sunday. In a statement to Reuters, Mr Jones said he could not continue as president of a business with which he was incompatible. Read more Uber uses 'secret program' Greyball to avoid regulators “I joined Uber because of its mission, and the challenge to build global capabilities that would help the company mature and thrive long term,” Mr Jones said. “It is now clear, however, that the beliefs and approach to leadership that have guided my career are inconsistent with what I saw and experienced at Uber, and I can no longer continue as president of the ride sharing business,” he added. Mr Jones wished the “thousands of amazing people at the company” well. Mr Jones' role was put into question after Uber earlier this month launched a search for a chief operating officer to help run the company alongside chief executive Travis Kalanick. Read more What Uber looks like around the world from Bali to Brazil Why Uber and Snapchat can tell us so much about the world economy Uber drivers must pass written English test, High Court rules Uber's PR problems growing, but they aren't slowing its revenues Uber executive Amit Singhal resigns over sexual harassment allegations Uber investors attack company over ‘bullying and lack of diversity’ Mr Jones had been performing some of those COO responsibilities. He joined Uber from Target, where he was chief marketing officer and is credited with modernising the retailer's brand. “We want to thank Jeff for his six months at the company and wish him all the best,” an Uber spokesman said in an emailed statement. Uber's vice president of maps and business platform, Brian McClendon, said separately he plans to leave the company at the end of the month to explore politics. “I'll be staying on as an adviser,” Mr McClendon said in a statement to Reuters. “This fall's election and the current fiscal crisis in Kansas is driving me to more fully participate in our democracy.” Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters Jones and McClendon are the latest in a string of high-level executives to leave the company. Last month, engineering executive Amit Singhal was asked to resign due to a sexual harassment allegation stemming from his previous job at Alphabet's Google. Earlier this month, Ed Baker, Uber's vice president of product and growth, and Charlie Miller, Uber's famed security researcher, departed. Technology news site Recode first reported Jones' departure on Sunday. Uber, while it has long had a reputation as an aggressive and unapologetic startup, has been battered with multiple controversies over the last several weeks that have put Mr Kalanick's leadership capabilities and the company's future into question. A former Uber employee last month published a blog post describing a workplace where sexual harassment was common and went unpunished. The blog post prompted an internal investigation that is being led by former US Attorney General Eric Holder. Then, Bloomberg released a video that showed Mr Kalanick berating an Uber driver who had complained about cuts to rates paid to drivers, resulting in Mr Kalanick making a public apology. And earlier this month Uber confirmed it had used a secret technology program dubbed “Greyball,” which effectively changes the app view for specific riders, to evade authorities in cities where the service has been banned. Uber has since prohibited the use of Greyball to target local regulators. Uber is also facing a lawsuit from Alphabet's self-driving car division that accuses it of stealing designs for autonomous car technology known as Lidar. Uber has said the claims are false. Mr Jones joined Uber in August and was widely expected to be Mr Kalanick's No. 2. Mr Jones was tasked with overseeing the bulk of Uber's global operations, including leading the ride-hailing program, running local Uber services in every city, marketing and customer service, and working with drivers. The Independent Drivers Guild, an organization that advocates for Uber drivers, on Sunday was critical that Mr Jones “has left the company without making a single improvement to help drivers struggling to make a living,” said Ryan Price, executive director of the guild. Reuters More about: Uber Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
  News Magazines Media Industry Directory Events Products   Home >> News: March 20th, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily March 20th, 2017 China Strives to Imitate SpaceX...  Recover and Reuse Launch Rockets The launch of a Chinese manned space mission on a Long March carrier rocket in October last year. Photo Xinhua SpaceX's successful return of their rockets to Earth after launches is an accomplishment China is attempting to emulate. China is developing a system to recover parts of rockets used in space launches to bring down costs and make its space program more commercially competitive, according to researchers involved in the project. The system would bring the rocket engine and booster safely back to the ground so they can be reused in future launches. Besides saving operational costs, the recovery would also reduce the threat of debris falling to the ground, the researchers said. The recovery system is under development at the China Academy of Launch Vehicle Technology in Beijing. It involves using a set of multiple parachutes, which are stored in the first stage of the rocket, which is released from the rest of the craft before it burns its way through the Earth’s atmosphere. An airbag inflates under the discarded part of the rocket, which cushions impact when it finally hits the ground. Launch of China’s most powerful rocket helps Beijing close gap with US The technology differs from the system used by the commercial company SpaceX on its Falcon 9 rockets. As the first stage of Falcon 9 falls back to Earth, its engines reignite when it reaches a speed of 3km per second, slowing it down to reduce impact as it lands vertically on the ground. In an article on the academy’s website, Deng Xinyu, a researcher on the Chinese rocket recovery program, said that vertical landing involved many challenges and was extremely difficult to achieve. SpaceX has performed a series of successful vertical landings which demonstrate the technology’s feasibility, but Chinese researchers have rejected the approach, the article said. Deng wrote that the vertical landing system needed carrying extra fuel for landing, which meant rockets could only carry smaller payloads into space. The Falcon rocket also uses nine small rocket engines to generate thrust, which reduces the launch vehicle’s overall reliability and efficiency. “The mainstream trend of modern rocket development is to increase the thrust and reduce the number of rocket engines. That is also why China, as well as Airbus, Boeing and Lockheed Martin did not use the technology,” Deng said. China’s government has funded research into both approaches before concentrating efforts on the parachute system. China to develop space rockets to launch from planes A large scale test experiment using the technology was carried out two years ago. Bao Weimin, professor of aerospace technology at Peking University and a science advisor to the China Aerospace Science and Technology Corporation, told the state-run news agency Xinhua this week that the reuse of rockets was essential to cut costs. “Compared to mainstream rockets overseas, Long March rockets in China have lower costs, but with the increase of Chinese space exploration, the costs must be trimmed further,” he was quoted as saying. China has yet to officially rule out the vertical landing technology to recover rockets, according to Xinhua. A final decision will be made before 2020, the report said. The Chinese launch vehicle academy researchers have said on their website that the parachute-airbag system will be assisted by multiple sensors and a sophisticated flight control system to guide the descent. The final goal was to hit a small recovery zone as precisely as the vertical landing technology can achieve. Space debris in northern China confirmed as from recently launched satellites However, Professor Sun Yi, the director of the aerospace science and mechanics department at the Harbin Institute of Technology, said he had concerns about the parachute-assisted landing system as it could easily miss a target area in high winds. “Falcon 9 can be brought back to the launch pad, or even land on a ship. With a parachute you may hit a mountain top or end up in thick forest on a tropical island,” he said. Sun also doubted whether the air bag could absorb enough impact during the landing of a heavy rocket. “Even a mild shock can cause damage to the components in rocket engines,” he said. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: China shoots for the stars in recycled rocket technology Topical Tags :  Agencies    Regulatory/Government    Launch    Satellite Operator    Service Provider      Regional Tags :  Asia/Asia Pacific    North America                 FREE SUBSCRIPTIONS Today's Top News First Images from SBIRS GEO-3 Received Disaster Response and Connecting Affected Communities Enabled by SES ULA's Delay of Orbital ATK's Cygnus™ Launch  SATCOM Enhancements for Green Reefers by NSSLGlobal The ISRO's South Asian Satellite's New Participant is Bangladesh More News Payloads from US National Laboratory Research Prepped and Ready for Orbital ATK CRS-7 Launch Seeing Double with UHP Networks at CABSAT... New Products and New Ideas Presented at Singtel Seminar  Application of GaN-on-Diamond Materials Foundation of New Akash SATCOM Firm Complete Vessel Visibility Via ORBCOMM, Pole Star and Weatherdock Product Partnership Es’hailSat Brings Solutions for 4K UHD Transmission to CABSAT 2017 SpeedCast Opens a Shop in Papua New Guinea ... Familiar Territory Last Week's Top Stories A Double Celebration as USAF's WGS-9 Launches on the Air Force's 70th Anniversary  GEE There's No Time for Sea Sickness ... Airtime Portal on Cruise Ships Keeps Folks Busy and Happy at Sea COMSAT Awarded Contract to Provide Department of Defense with Global Xpress SATCOM as a Service (SaaS) Three Diamonds will Soon Fly... GomSpace to create satellite constellation for Sky and Space Global SpeedCast's Unprecedented Connectivity to Cruise Ships ... New Larger Ships Drive Consumption SpaceX Sends Off EchoStar XXIII to a Geostationary Transfer Orbit Globalstar's STINGR Takes The Bite Out Of Asset Tracking  USAF Delivers GPS III Launch Contract to SpaceX Globalstar and Inmarsat's partnership ... will cross-sell satellite services Contract Mod Received by Lockheed Martin for SBIRS Constellation Ground Works News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events China Content Broadcasting Network(CCBN) 33nd Space Symposium Sea Air Space 2017 The Digital Ship Maritime CIO Forum Med India Satcom 2017 NAB 2017 Digital Ship Maritime Cyber Resilience Forum Athens
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     At 2.50% CAGR the Military Satellite Market to Reach US$10.1 Billion by 2027   View as PDF  Print View    The Global Military Satellite Market 2017-2027 report says cumulative market for global expenditure on Military Satellite systems is valued at US$93.3 billion over the forecast period. The market is expected to be led by North America with a share of 39.2% over the forecast period. Pune, India - March 20, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- Global expenditure on Military Satellite systems market is expected to show robust growth over the forecast period, primarily due to the increased importance of Military Satellite systems in modern or fourth-generation warfare. Browse 13 leading company's competitive analysis, spread across 138 pages available @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/916010-the-global-military-satellite-market-2017-2027.html . The global Military Satellite Systems market is expected to be led by North America with a share of 39.2% over the forecast period, followed by Europe with 29.3% and Asia-Pacific with a share of 21.1%. The Middle Eastern market is expected to account for 5.5%, followed by Latin America with 3.3%, and the African markets with a share of 1.6%. Over the forecast period, governments are expected to invest in cheaper alternatives such as microsatellites. This class of satellites is much cheaper and faster to design, build, and launch, although the reliability and longevity of these systems has not been proved yet. One of the reasons for their rapid development timelines is the use of commercial-off-the-shelf (COTS) technology, which makes the assembly of these satellites simple and fast. With pressure on a number of major defense spending countries to reduce defense spending, these satellites are expected to be a major area for investment as they accomplish most of the tasks performed by traditional satellites. The report "The Global Military Satellite Market 2017-2027" offers detailed analysis of the global Military Satellite market over the next 10 years, and provides market size forecasts. Furthermore, it covers key technological and market trends in the industry and analyzes factors influencing demand for Military Satellite systems. Additionally, the report highlights challenges faced by industry participants. Order a copy of report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/purchase.aspx?name=916010 . In particular, it provides an in-depth analysis of the following - Overview: Snapshot of the Military Satellite market during 2017-2027, including highlights of the demand drivers, trends, and challenges. It also provides a snapshot of the expenditure with respect to regions as well as segments Market Dynamics: Insights into the technological developments in the Military Satellite market and a detailed analysis of the changing preferences of governments around the world. It also analyzes changing industry structure trends and the challenges faced by the industry participants Segment Analysis: Insights into the Military Satellite market from a segmental perspective and a detailed analysis of factors influencing the market for each segment Regional Review: Insights into modernization patterns and budgetary allocation for the top countries within a region Regional Analysis: Insights into the Military Satellite market from a regional perspective and a detailed analysis of factors influencing the market for each region Trend Analysis - Key Defense Market: Analysis of the key markets in each region, providing an analysis of the Military Satellite segments expected to be in demand in each region Key Program Analysis: Details of the top programs in each segment expected to be executed during the forecast period Competitive landscape analysis: Analysis of competitive landscape of the global Military Satellite industry. It provides an overview of key defense companies, together with insights such as key alliances, strategic initiatives, and a brief financial analysis. Check for Discount on this Report @ http://www.reportsnreports.com/contacts/discount.aspx?name=916010 . Companies reviewed in this report: The Boeing Company, Lockheed Martin Corporation, The Raytheon Company, QinetiQ Group plc, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Airbus Defence and Space, Harris Corporation, Israel Aerospace Industries, Intelsat General Corporation, ISS-Reshetnev, Mitsubishi Electric Corporation, Telespazio, Thales. About Us: ReportsnReports.com is single source for all market research needs. Our database includes 500,000+ market research reports from over 95 leading global publishers & in-depth market research studies of over 5000 micro markets. Contact Info: Name: Ritesh Tiwari Email: sales@reportsandreports.com Organization: ReportsnReports.com Address: Magarpatta City, Pune, Maharashtra, India Phone: +1-888-391-5441 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/at-2-50-cagr-the-military-satellite-market-to-reach-us10-1-billion-by-2027/178825 For more information, please visit http://www.reportsnreports.com/reports/916010-the-global-military-satellite-market-2017-2027.html Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 178825 Recent Press Releases By The Same User The Worlds First Youtube Simulator Game Hits 2.5 Million Downloads (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bias Tire Market 2017 Share, Growth, Key Manufacturers Analysis and Regional Forecast (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Bozeman MT Ranch Real Estate Broker Releases Montana Bull Sale Auction Report (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Canal Hearing Aids Market Growing at 5.51% CAGR during 2017 to 2021 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Global Software defined perimeter (SDP) Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Precision Farming Market To Reach $5.5 Billion With 12.64% CAGR Forecast To 2020 (Thu 23rd Mar 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
Home World news 500 Limousines, 1,200 hotel rooms, 100 bodyguards: Here’s what Saudi King Salman spent his money on during Asian adventure 500 Limousines, 1,200 hotel rooms, 100 bodyguards: Here’s what Saudi King Salman spent his money on during Asian adventure Remember, Saudi Arabia's King Salman who created quite a flutter when he visited Indonesia earlier this year as he descended slowly on his personal escalator from the plane and also accompanied by an entourage that could number up to 1,500. By: FE Online | Published: March 20, 2017 12:39 PM He was recently on an official tour in Asia and most recently visited China where he not only signed deals worth potentially billion but got down from his personal plane on a golden escalator. Remember, Saudi Arabia’s King Salman who created quite a flutter when he visited Indonesia earlier this year as he descended slowly on his personal escalator from the plane and also accompanied by an entourage that could number up to 1,500. He was recently on an official tour in Asia and most recently visited China where he not only signed deals worth potentially $65 billion but got down from his personal plane on a golden escalator. His official tour to Asia is over now and now is back in his kingdom. Apart from the golden escalator, according to media reports, here’s a list of all the things where he spent his money, while on his Asian adventure: 1) 500 Limousines: King Salman flew two Mercedes-Benz S600 limousines with him on his trip. Apart from this, he ordered 500 Limousines in Tokyo for him and his crew. 2) 1,200 hotel rooms: According to media reports, the King booked a reported 1,200 hotel rooms at Tokyo’s top hotels to accommodate his staff and delegates. 3) A Lockheed C-130 Hercules: In the Saudi King’s arsenal, it is reportedly used to carry his nearly 500 tonnes of luggage — limousines and escalators included. 4) 100 bodyguards: King Salman’s 1,500-strong squad includes 25 prince, 10 ministers, and over 100 security personnel. The retinue has a combined net worth in the multi-billions. 5) Six Boeing passenger jets: In order to transport the King’s entourage of 1,500 people, six Boeing passenger jets were chartered for the trip — including his personal 747, painted in gold. Saudi Arabia’s octogenarian monarch, who has overseen the launch of an ambitious economic reform plan since his accession two years ago, was on a month-long tour of Asia that took him to Malaysia, Indonesia, Japan, and China. The visits to countries that are some of the world’s biggest importers of Saudi oil aim to promote investment opportunities in the kingdom, including the sale of a stake in national oil company Saudi Aramco. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Request for extradition of Vijay Mallya, 9 others pending with UK: Govt Indian Air Force to participate in air combat exercise in Israel IPL 2017: After JP Duminy, Delhi Daredevils may not get Quinton De Kock's services as well SC asks states to upload information on mid-day meal scheme on website Narayan Rane rubbishes rumors of quitting Congress Pakistan has to vacate PoK, Gilgit-Baltistan: Union Minister Jitendra Singh Lawyers' strike affects work in district courts India hits back at Pakistan's shocking remark on Kashmir, asks it to take affective action against terrorism Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover spat: Raju Srivastava to lend his magic touch on a permanent basis? MCD Polls 2017: Delhi HC disposes pleas seeking delimitation of wards No proposal to enhance quota percentage: Thaawar Chand Gehlot Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News यूपी पुलिस की एंटी रोमियो स्क्‍वैड की हरकतों पर धारा 499 के तहत सीएम आदित्‍य नाथ पर बन सकता है मानहानि का केस कर्मचारी को चप्‍पल से पीटने वाले शिव सेना सांसद के खिलाफ एयर इंडिया ने कराई FIR, स्‍टाफ बोला- देश को भगवान बचाए नवजोत सिंह सिद्धू ने कहा-घर चलाने के लिए मेरा टीवी पर आना जरुरी Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
News Americas UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Lifestyle Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register Subscriptions News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Travel Business Travel Northern Ireland could see tax on tourism and flights slashed after Brexit Tourism-related businesses in Northern Ireland pay 20 per cent VAT, compared with 9 per cent by their counterparts in the Republic Michael Mchugh Monday 20 March 2017 00:08 GMT Click to follow The Independent Travel Last year, 2.5 million visitors to Northern Ireland fuelled an industry worth £800m Getty/iStock Tax on tourism and flights in Northern Ireland could be slashed once the UK leaves the EU, an influential committee of MPs said. The hospitality industry pays VAT at a rate more than twice that of competitors in the Republic of Ireland. EU law prevents member states from setting different levels of the charge for different regions. That power will be repatriated to the UK after Brexit. Read more A united Ireland would not be beneficial for the North Northern Ireland Affairs Committee chairman Laurence Robertson said: “Levels of VAT and Air Passenger Duty (APD) are making businesses less competitive than their equivalents in the Republic of Ireland. “We are calling on the UK Government to examine options for reducing these tax burdens on tourism and creating the right environment for the sector to flourish.” Tourism-related businesses in Northern Ireland pay 20 per cent VAT, compared with 9 per cent by their counterparts in the Republic. Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK sharing a land border with another state. The tax difference creates a competitive disadvantage where businesses in Northern Ireland are forced to reduce prices, hampering their ability to invest or risking losing out on business by being too expensive, the committee said. Last year, 2.5 million visitors fuelled an industry worth £800m and directly employing 43,000 people. Business picture of the day 37 show all Business picture of the day 1/37 Stopping climate change could boost the world economy by £15 trillion - Tuesday March 21 Efforts to slow climate change won’t just keep the planet habitable. They will also boost the world economy by $19 trillion (£15.2 trillion). Investments in renewable power and energy efficiency will add about 0.8 per cent to global gross domestic product by 2050, the International Renewable Energy Agency, or Irena, said Monday in a report produced for the German government. Governments are committing resources to green energy in a bid to keep warming within 2 degrees Celsius (3.6 Fahrenheit), of pre-industrial conditions, in accordance with the landmark Paris Agreement on global warming. Getty 2/37 'UK Disneyland' set to open in five years in Kent - Friday March 10 It’s the news British film-lovers and thrill-seekers have been waiting to hear forever - no longer do we have to schlep across the seas to get our fix of stardust and adrenaline, for the UK is finally getting its own ‘Disneyland’. The theme park will be the first of its kind in the UK, and is being created by film company Paramount at a cost of £3.5 billion. Paramount 3/37 John Lewis cuts staff bonuses to lowest in 63 years despite soaring profits - Thursday March 9 John Lewis has cut its employee bonus to the lowest level in more than 60 years despite announcing surging profits. The partnership, which is owned by its employees, reduced the bonus to 6 per cent of salaries making it the lowest since 1954. It is the fourth year in a row that the payment has been cut. Pre-tax profits rose 21.2 per cent to £370.4m as overall sales rose 3.2 per cent but the group said it cut staff bonuses because of an “increasingly uncertain” market. Reuters 4/37 Philip Hammond downgrades UK economic growth for Brexit years - Wednesday March 8 The Chancellor was forced to slash his official economic growth forecasts while the Brexit talks take place, as he delivered his first Budget. Philip Hammond told MPs that Britain’s economy would grow faster than previously expected in the next financial year – by 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent. PA 5/37 UK businesses are already facing recruitment crisis as Polish workers head home - Friday February 15 After a Brexit vote in which a primary concern was too much immigration, some might be applauding the trend, but for important UK industries it is already creating a serious problem, and one that provides a preview of what may be to come for the wider economy. Reuters 6/37 Global sales of UK food and drink hit the £20bn mark for the first time - Tuesday February 21 Global sales of UK food and drink have hit the £20bn mark for the first time in history, as the Government prepares to ramp up its focus on international trade following the UK’s decision to leave the EU. Getty 7/37 Plastics industry 'pressured UK Government to cut recycling targets' - Friday February 17 Recycling targets in the UK were cut last year after successful lobbying from the plastics industry, a freedom of information request by Greenpeace has revealed. The Government came under fire last year after it announced that targets for plastic recycling would be reduced from 57 per cent to a mere 49 per cent for 2016 and then increased by 2 per cent each year to 2020, to a maximum of 57 per cent by 2020. AFP/Getty 8/37 Inflation hits 1.8% as post-Brexit pound weakness feeds through to high street - Tuesday February 14 UK consumer price inflation jumped to 1.8 per cent in the year to January, from a rise of 1.6 per cent in the year to December, as the slump in the pound since the Brexit referendum continued to trickle through to the high street. According to data from the Office for National Statistics published on Tuesday, January’s rise was the biggest since June 2014. But the jump narrowly missed analyst expectations for a 1.9 per cent increase, just below the Bank of England’s official 2 per cent target. Getty Images 9/37 Lettuce crisis hits those who love it most: hungry British sea turtles - Friday February 10 The UK’s vegetable crisis has not only gripped the country’s supermarkets and healthy eaters, but also a bale of 12 hungry green sea turtles in aquariums across the country. Eight aquariums run by the company Sea Life are calling on visitors to spare lettuce or broccoli for their shelled inhabitants who, as a result of a shortage of some vegetables in the UK, are missing out on their favourite meals. GREG WOOD/AFP/Getty Images 10/37 Tim Cook met Theresa May and said the UK would be 'just fine' post Brexit - Thursday February 9 The chief executive of Apple has told Prime Minister Theresa May that he is “very optimistic” about the UK’s future outside of the European Union. Tim Cook met Ms May at Downing Street on Thursday morning and reiterated the tech giant's plans to build a new UK headquarters at the Battersea Power Station as proof of the company's support of the UK. Getty 11/37 Brexit: Bank of England upgrades growth forecasts but still expects UK economy to be hit - Thursday Ferbruary 2 The Bank of England has dramatically upgraded its growth forecast for this year but stressed that households will still experience a major squeeze on incomes due to rising inflation. In its latest Inflation Report, the Bank upgraded its 2017 GDP growth forecast to 2 per cent, up from 1.4 per cent in November. The revision is certain to be seized upon by Brexiteers as evidence that the economy will not suffer from leaving the European Union and that previous economic warnings from the Bank have now been exposed as scaremongering. Yet the Bank’s forecasts continue to project a growth slowdown in 2018 and 2019, with GDP expected to expand by 1.6 per cent and 1.7 per cent in those years. Getty 12/37 Founder of Morrisons supermarkets dies at the age of 85 Sir Ken Morrison, the founder of supermarket chain of Morrisons, who was instrumental in growing the company into one of Britain’s leading retailers, has died at the age of 85 Rex 13/37 Boohoo staff can get fired 'for smiling' - Monday January 30 Employers working for online fashion retailer Boohoo.com risk getting fired for smiling or checking their mobile phones, an investigation by Channel 4 has found. The investigation comes after online fashion retailer Asos was accused last year of exploitative working practises with staff reportedly unable to take regular water and toilet breaks for fears of missing targets. The company denied those allegations. Getty Images 14/37 Tesco to buy wholesaler Booker in £3.7bn deal to create 'UK's leading food business' - Friday January 27 Britain's biggest retailer announced that it was merging with Booker, the UK's top food wholesaler, in a £3.7bn deal. In a joint statement, the two companies said that the combined group would bring benefits for consumers, independent retailers, caterers, small businesses, suppliers, and colleagues, and deliver “significant value to shareholders”. Tesco 15/37 Tobacco giant Imperial Brands scraps chief executive pay rise - Thursday January 26 The chief executive of Imperial Brands, the maker of Gauloises and Winston cigarettes, is unlikely to get a pay rise this year in what seems to be another battle over boardroom greed. Alison Cooper received a total pay package of £5.5m in the last financial year, up from £3.6m the year before. ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads READ MORE Link between high executive pay and performance ‘negligible’ A new pay policy that would have had the effect of taking Ms Cooper’s remuneration to £8.5m in 2017 was expected to be put to a shareholders’ vote on 1 February. However, in an announcement to the stock exchange on Thursday, Imperial Brands said it would not put the policy to a vote as originally planned. Rex 16/37 The Dow Jones Industrial Average has just reached 20,000 points for the first time ever - Wednesday January 25 Wall Street's Dow Jones Industrial Average stock index on Wednesday hit the 20,000 mark for the first time in its history. In morning trading in the US, the index added around 0.5 percent to surpass the psychologically important threshold and take its gains since this time last year to 23.8 per cent according to Thomson Reuters data. Thomson Reuters Eikon 17/37 HSBC to close 62 high street branches in 2017 resulting in up to 180 job cuts - Tuesday January 24 HSBC plans to close 62 branches this year, resulting in up to 180 job losses, in response to the rising popularity of online and mobile banking, the bank announced on Tuesday. In a statement, HSBC said that over the past five years, the number of customers using HSBC branches had fallen by almost 40 per cent and 93 per cent of customers’ contact with the bank is now done on the telephone, internet or via smartphone. A total of 97 per cent of cash withdrawals are made via an ATM. Getty 18/37 Theresa May criticised by top economists for trying to ‘have her cake and eat it' with Brexit - Wednesday January 18 Top economists and strategists have warned that Theresa May’s vision of Brexit lacks credibility and clarity, a day after the Prime Minister delivered an agenda-setting speech on Britain’s future outside the EU. In her speech in London on Tuesday, Ms May confirmed that Britain will leave the EU’s single market to regain control of immigration policy and said that she wants to renegotiate the UK’s customs agreement and seek a transition period to phase in changes all while remaining a “best friend” to the bloc. Getty 19/37 Fiat loses $2.3bn in stock value plunge after diesel emissions accusation - Thursday January 12 Shares in Fiat Chrysler plunged on Thursday after US authorities said that the carmaker had violated the Clean Air Act by allowing excess diesel emissions in some vehicles. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) accused the company of using software that allowed excess diesel emissions in just over 100,000 US trucks and SUVs sold since 2014. READ MORE Six senior Volkswagen employees charged over emissions scandal Shares listed in Europe were recently trading around 18 per cent lower on the day. Shares in the US fell 16 per cent before being halted from trading, wiping $2.3bn (£1.88bn) off the company's market value. 20/37 Rising inequality behind Brexit and Trump victory is top global threat for the next decade, says WEF - Wednesday January 11 A rise in global income inequality, that already helped spur the Brexit vote and Donald Trump’s election victory, are expected to shape world developments over the next decade, according to the World Economic Forum. For a report published ahead of its annual summit in Davos next week, the WEF surveyed 750 risk experts and found that rising income and wealth disparity were cited as the most important trends in determining global developments over the next 10 years. Getty 21/37 Mayor Sadiq Khan axes new Routemaster bus from the streets of London - Friday January 6 London Mayor Sadiq Khan has ended any hopes to purchase new Routemasters bus for the capital's streets as he tries to balance the books on London's transport budget. Once called 'Boris buses' named after his the previous mayor, every bus would cost around £350,000 each, or around £50,000 more than an ordinary bus. But the new mayor has promised to freeze purchases of the vehicles, which were criticised for being expensive and sauna-like conditions. Getty Images 22/37 FTSE closes 2015 at record high - Friday December 31 Britain’s blue chip FTSE 100 set a new record on the last day of trading of 2016 after climbing to record closing highs for two consecutive days. The blue-chip index gained 22 points or 0.3 per cent, to finish at 7142 points on Friday, its third closing high in as many days and a new intraday high. AP 23/37 Hatton Garden: London’s famous diamond quarter under threat from Brexit and rent hikes - Thursday December 29 London’s world famous jewellery quarter could face extinction due to soaring business rates, rent rises and the aftermath of Brexit. Hatton Garden was the centre of the world's diamond market, but traders are fighting to bring back the glory days, as they are squeezed by rising rents and the uncertainty created by the UK vote to leave the EU. Reuters 24/37 World's oldest bank Monte dei Paschi di Siena on brink of £17bn Italian state bailout - Thursday December 22 The world’s oldest bank, Monte dei Paschi di Siena, is poised for a multi-billion state bailout after it admitted on Wednesday that a private rescue plan was unlikely to succeed. The Italian parliament looks set to step in to save Monte dei Paschi di Siena, recently judged the weakest of the European Union's major banks, over the next few days using a new €20bn (£17bn) rescue fund designed to prop up Italy's struggling lenders. Getty Images 25/37 NHS overcharged by 12,000% for hydrocortisone tablets by drug company Actavis, CMA claims - Friday December 16 Pharmaceutical company Actavis has been accused of overcharging the NHS by raising the price of hydrocortisone tablets by more than 12,000 per cent over the course of eight years. Hydrocortisone tablets are used by people with adrenal insufficiency, a life-threatening condition where their adrenal glands do not produce enough natural steroid hormones. AFP/Getty 26/37 Solar power becoming world's cheapest form of electricity production - Thursday December 15 Solar power is becoming the cheapest way to generate electricity, according to leading analysts. Data produced by Bloomberg New Energy Finance (BNEF) showed the cost of solar in 58 lower-income countries – including China, Brazil and India – had fallen to about a third of levels in 2010 and was now slightly cheaper than wind energy. Jungle Herbs & Spices/Facebook 27/37 Italy’s largest bank Unicredit plans to slash 14,000 jobs over next two years - Tuesday December 13 Getty 28/37 Donald Trump knocks $3.5bn off Lockheed Martin market value with one tweet - Monday December 12 Barely a week after taking shots at Boeing, Donald Trump took aim at Lockheed Martin's F-35 fighter jet programme, saying the cost was "out of control".Following the tweet on Monday morning, shares of the aerospace company plunged by more than 4 per cent in early trade. Based on the number of shares outstanding, the tweet has shaved just over $3.5bn from Lockheed's market value. Getty 29/37 Brexit: Banks in 'advanced talks' over mass move to Paris, says French regulator - Thursday December 8 Leading international UK-based banks are in advanced stages of planning to shift operations to Paris as London braces for the impact of Brexit, France's chief financial regulator has said. Paris is among a number of European cities seeking to woo firms considering a move away from London to maintain their access to EU markets, and faces competition from Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg, among others. Reuters 30/37 Pfizer fined record £84.2m for overcharging NHS 2600% -Wednesday December 7 Drug firms Pfizer and Flynn Pharma have been fined nearly £90m by the UK’s competition watchdog for “unfair” pricing to the NHS after hiking up the cost of an anti-epilepsy drug by up to 2,600 per cent. The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said these “extraordinary price rises” have costs taxpayers “tens of millions of pounds”. Getty 31/37 Prime Minister Theresa May visits constituency ahead of Small Business Saturday - Friday December2 The prime minister, Theresa May, visits butcher J&S Rook in her constituency of Maidenhead, ahead of Small Business Saturday Stefan Wermuth PA Wire/PA Images 32/37 Oil prices soar as Opec countries agree first oil output cut in eight years - Wednesday November 30 Opec countries have agreed their first supply cut in eight years, sending the price of crude surging more than 8%. 33/37 Stores far from overwhelmed as Black Friday sales begins - November 25 People stream into the Apple store on 5th Avenue on Black Friday in New York . Crowds were thin at U.S. malls and stores on Black Friday morning, formerly the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, with stores opening earlier and online sales expected to take the biggest share of gains in retail sales over last year. In the New York and Chicago areas, shoppers said stores were less busy than previous years on the day after the Thanksgiving holiday. The pictures similar in the UK the action has shifted from high street stores to become a predominantly online event Reuters 34/37 Nintendo shares jump after it announces the launch date for Super Mario Run - Wednesday 16 November The hugely anticipated game is an attempt to capitalise on the smartphone gaming market after the phenomenal success of Pokemon Go. Getty 35/37 Pound rises as High Court rules against Theresa May triggering Article 50 without Parliament - Thursday November 3 The pound has risen against all of its major peers on Thursday after the Government announced it cannot trigger Article 50 without parliament approval and the Bank of England said it is no longer expecting to cut interest rates this year. 36/37 Heathrow third runway poses ‘serious obstacle’ to fight against climate change - Tuesday October 25 Environmental groups expressed dismay at the Government’s decision to give a third runway at the airport the go-ahead – and Greenpeace vowed to challenge it in the courts. Allowing Heathrow to expand will create “a serious obstacle” to meeting the UK’s commitments on climate change and reducing air pollution, a leading scientist has warned. Reclaim the Power 37/37 Nearly 10,000 people in China apply for one job - Monday October 24 Nearly ten thousands Chinese jobseekers are competing for one position: an officer worker at a political organisation.China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Job seekers registering for the civil exams are required to pick the positions they are most interested in when they sign up for the test but one job was more popular than others. China's annual civil service recruitment drive began on October 15, with more than 27,000 vacancies on offer in over 120 central departments - drawing about 1.4 million applicants this year. Reuters New attractions like the Titanic Belfast visitor centre and Game Of Thrones tours helped establish tourism as a pillar of the economy. The committee warned: “However, long-term growth may be at risk.” It added: “The tourism industry in Great Britain does not face the same form of competition and the Government must now consider if a one-size-fits-all policy is any longer appropriate.” Similar concerns exist over the impact of APD on the competitiveness of airports. In Northern Ireland, passengers pay the £13 short haul levy while in the Republic it has been abolished. Sinn Fein calls for referendum on Northern Ireland leaving the UK ‘as soon as possible’ The committee said: “There is compelling evidence that Northern Ireland's tourism industry is missing out on significant levels of business because the region's airports find it increasingly difficult to obtain crucial new routes. “With two million passengers a year travelling to Northern Ireland via Dublin Airport, the UK's aviation tax system places Northern Ireland at a significant competitive disadvantage.” Removing APD would incur a direct cost offset by benefits like new routes, increased tourism and business links and a boost for the economy, the committee said. It said the UK Government and the Northern Ireland Executive should re-examine the economic case for abolishing APD on flights to and from Northern Ireland and seek the full devolution of power over the duty, so that the decision and cost implications reside where they will be most felt. Cuts to APD separately from the rest of the UK would see Treasury reducing the amount it provides the devolved administration to run public services. Stormont's former Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment (Deti) has said reducing APD was not a strong tool for promoting economic development. Press Association More about: Northern Ireland Tourism Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
GoSearch Watch Now: KTLA 5 Morning News KTLA 5 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us KTLA Menu News Morning News Podcasts Contests Traffic Events About Weather 57° 57° Low 52° High 69° Fri 54° 70° Sat 53° 68° Sun 54° 70° See complete forecast BREAKING: ISIS Claims Follower Was Behind London Rampage Cypress Man Sentenced to 12 Years in Prison For Contacting Underage Girls Through Social Media, Committing Lewd Acts Posted 4:55 PM, March 20, 2017, by Mariel Turner, Updated at 04:57PM, March 20, 2017 Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email Michael Theodore Mordaunt is shown in a booking photo. (Credit: Garden Grove Police Department) × Cypress Man Sentenced to 12 Years in Prison For Contacting Underage Girls Through Social Media, Committing Lewd Acts Michael Theodore Mordaunt is shown in a booking photo. (Credit: Garden Grove Police Department) A 47-year-old Cypress man was sentenced to 12 years in state prison on Monday after contacting underage girls through social media with the intent to commit lewd acts, according to the Orange County District Attorney’s office. Michael Theodore Mordaunt, pleaded guilty to 19 felony counts of contacting a child with the intent to commit a specified crime, five felony counts of lewd acts upon a child age 14 or 15, two felony counts of lewd acts upon a child under 14, three felony counts of meeting a minor with the intent to engage in lewd conduct, one felony count of possession and control of child pornography, and a sentencing enhancement allegation for substantial sexual conduct with a child, the OCDA said in a press release. Mordaunt created several Myspace and Facebook accounts between February 2009 and January 2014 using the image of young, teenage boy surfing. He then messaged the victims, the majority of whom were between 12 and 16-years-old, prosecutors said. Mordaunt had sexually explicit conversations with the girls through phone calls and text messages. He requested and received sexually explicit photos from the victims and attempted to meet with them, according to the prosecutors. Mordaunt, who was an employee in the Information Technology Department at the Boeing Company in Seal Beach at the time of the crime, committed lewd acts with girls on several occasions. The Cypress Police Department and Garden Grove Police Department began separate investigations into the case in 2013. In addition to prison, Mordaunt was also sentenced to mandatory lifetime sex offender registration. Filed in: Local News Topics: Cypress Police Department, garden grove police department, range County District Attorney's office Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn Pinterest Email KTLA 5 News on Twitter Popular 21 Airlines to Move Terminals Overnight During Massive LAX Relocation Effort in Mid-May Missing Chicago Teen Was Apparently Gang-Raped on Facebook Live as Dozens Watched Before She Was Found: Report Viral Big Chicken Video Isn’t a Fake, But Footage Has Left Some Terrified Man Who Went to Register as Sex Offender Dies After Shootout With Deputies at Temple City Sheriff’s Station: LASD Latest News Fire Started by Man Who Was Burning Books Destroys at Least 10 Homes in Florida Fire Destroys Church Owned by White Supremacist in North Dakota House Set to Vote on Obamacare Repeal Bill Thursday London Attack: ISIS Claims Follower Was Behind Rampage Local News Ex-L.A. County Deputy Sentenced to 180 Days in Jail, Probation for Sexually Abusing 12 Year-Old Costa Mesa Girl Local News Youth Pastor Sentenced to Prison for Sexually Assaulting 2 Boys at Church Events in Orange County Local News Former Monterey Park High School Tennis Coach Convicted of Having Sexual Relationship With Underage Girl Local News 81-Year-Old Former O.C. Missionary Gets 18 Years for Sexually Assaulting Girls Under Age 10 Local News Commerce Swim Coach Repeatedly Sexually Assaulted 7-Year-Old Girl, Threatened Her: DA Local News ‘He’s a Monster,’ Mom Says as Torrance Man Is Sentenced in ‘Horrific’ Kidnapping, Sex Assault of 2-Year-Old Girl Local News L.A. County Probation Officer Charged in Sexual Assaults of Teen Girls at Youth Camp: DA Local News High School Swim Coach Charged With Alleged Sexual Assault of 3 Female Students in Orange County: DA Local News Former Franklin High Football Coach Gets 36 Years in Prison for Sexually Abusing Players Local News Cerritos College Football Player Charged With Forcible Rape Was Previously Convicted of Rape as a Teen Local News Man Sentenced to 22 Years in Prison for Attacking Boy in Long Beach Restaurant Bathroom Stall Local News Man, 21, Sentenced to 3 Years in Prison for Raping 72-Year-Old Woman in Huntington Beach Local News Woman Jailed for Months in ‘Rape Fantasy’ Ads Hoax Was Framed by Ex-Fiance’s Wife: Orange County DA Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App KTLA 5 News on Social Media Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 5800 Sunset Blvd. Los Angeles, CA, 90028 • Copyright © 2017, KTLA • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out16:40 GMT +323 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search BREAKING: Belgium Police Prevent Terrorist Attack in Antwerp 'Dark Matter': Wikileaks Releases New Batch of 'Vault-7' on CIA Hacking Techniques Pentagon Seeks Balance on Releasing Details of $550M B-21 Long Range Bomber © REUTERS/ U.S. Air Force Military & Intelligence 22:32 20.03.2017(updated 02:43 21.03.2017) Get short URL 33495211 When the Pentagon developed the B-2 stealth bomber, senior officials said that the armed forces had not been “open enough,” but never revealed what lessons they learned from their mistake. For the Pentagon’s next big budget item, the B-21, officials hope to avoid making the same error. "We have to do better, but we can’t go too far," Lt. Gen. Arnold Bunch said Thursday at a conference outside Washington DC.  © AP Photo/ Matt York McCain: US Air Force Fails to Serve by Hiding Cost of B-21 Strategic Bomber Bunch did not mention what material efficiencies were lost by keeping the B-21 stealth bomber secretive to foreign intelligence agencies, but he did say that for this project the service will remain "tight-lipped" about the program —  just maybe not as much, Defense Tech reported.  "One of the things we did find out on the B-2 was we weren’t open enough," Bunch noted. Nevertheless, "with where we’re at today, I don’t see releasing anymore details for a period of time," the lieutenant general said.  Issues previously arose regarding the secrecy, or lack thereof, with the stealth bomber program the Pentagon hopes will enter service by the mid-2020s. The size of the total contract awarded to defense contractor Northrop Grumman has also com under scrutiny for the Pentagon’s eagerness to maintain a hush-hush attitude.  "The Air Force has already told our enemies what each plane costs, what it looks like and who is making its most important components," Senator John McCain wrote in a War is Boring open letter. This "would seems to be more useful" for foreign intelligence agencies "than the overall contract value," McCain said.  "I hate the stuff that shows up in the press," Gen. John Hyten of US Strategic command said of the information published detailing the enormous cost estimates of the program. "If you put a cost estimate out in the press, it’s not only our adversaries that are looking at it, but the people that are going to build the system are looking at that." © Flickr/ Kevin Harber US Considers Syria-Israel Fire Exchange to be Bilateral Matter - Pentagon The Congressional Research Service has indicated that the "average procurement unit cost" has been estimated at $550 million per bomber in fiscal year 2020 dollars. The winning bid for the plan ended up at an "equivalent of $564 million in FY2016 dollars." According to a Defense Tech report, Northrop Grumman beat out Boeing to secure a contract worth $21 billion, but that the figure could easily double. Pentagon officials have promised a "critical design review" of the Air Force program but have yet to share when the review would take place or how long it would take to complete, Defense Tech noted.  ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 211 Related: US Should Grow Air Force, Ensure B-21 Bomber Program - Acting Secretary ‘Fundsucker,’ ‘Budget Overrun’: Rejected Name Ideas for US’ New B-21 Bomber ‘B-21 Raider’: Future Air Force Stealth Bomber Gets New Name US Air Force Selects Finalists for Name of New B-21 Strategic Bomber McCain: US Air Force Fails to Serve by Hiding Cost of B-21 Strategic Bomber Tags: B-2 Bomber, B-21, US Air Force, Pentagon, Congressional Research Service, John Hyten, Lt. Gen Arnold Bunch, John McCain TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Alan Reid 01:59 21.03.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Joe Punch clock is going to have to pay some ~30 to ~60 billion for a new stealth bomber that can't do what it is supposed to do... Seems like a real good cost/benefit ratio to someone driving a 84 Chevette. Just imagine the amount of clubs and bludgeons a 500 million dollar stealth bomber could supply to a mob of disgruntled tax payers. Reply Mitach2002 02:52 21.03.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete $564 billion in 2016 dollars. Lmao. So a trillion dollars. In 2020.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 16:38Russian Ex-Lawmaker Voronenkov Shot 4 Times - Ukraine Prosecutor General 16:34US Buildup in Northeast Asia Destabilizes Region - Russian Foreign Ministry 16:33UK Public Figures Slammed for Exploiting London Attack, Bandwagon Jumping 16:29Belgium Police Prevent Terrorist Attack in Antwerp 16:28Trump's Path to Putin Lies Through NATO, G7 SummitsAll news Iranian Sea Vessels Greet US Aircraft Carrier in Strait of Hormuz 11848 Billionaire David Rockefeller Dies at Age 101 11038 This is Why Crimea is Russia's 'Unsinkable Aircraft Carrier' in the Black Sea 8244 Westminster Attack in London: Live Updates 8169 Russia-China S-400 Deal and Other Defense Agreements Unnerve Washington 8091All news Dozen Most Insane Statements From US Congress’ Hearing on ‘Russian Spying’ 47 Israel Vows to Continue Launching Airstrikes on Targets in Syria 39 Israeli Threats to Destroy Syria’s Air Defense Aimed at 'Advancing Own Interest' 38 Why Israel is 'Deeply Interested' in Continuation of Syrian War 37 Seven Nations to Join Israel in Biggest Air Drill in Country’s History 35All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Top Ten Best and Worst Places to Live in 2017 You Made It a Question Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Air Lease Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News 2,600 Shares in UMB Financial Corp (UMBF) Acquired by A.R.T. Advisors LLC A.R.T. Advisors LLC Takes Position in Mantech International Corp (MANT) 7,500 Shares in ArcBest Corp (ARCB) Acquired by A.R.T. Advisors LLC Envestnet Asset Management Inc. Sells 137,920 Shares of Harman International Industries Inc (HAR) Freeport-McMoRan Inc (FCX) Bonds Drop 1.5% During Trading FY2017 EPS Estimates for TESARO Inc Cut by Wedbush (TSRO) Valeura Energy Inc Forecasted to Earn FY2017 Earnings of ($0.01) Per Share (VLE) New York State Teachers Retirement System Buys 200 Shares of Career Education Corp. (CECO) GoPro Inc (GPRO) Upgraded to “Neutral” by Citigroup Inc Guess?, Inc. (GES) Price Target Lowered to $12.00 at Telsey Advisory Group Quantum Capital Management Maintains Stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) 25,815 Shares in Oracle Co. (ORCL) Acquired by Cpcm LLC Arrowpoint Asset Management LLC Lowers Stake in Celgene Co. (CELG) New York State Teachers Retirement System Increases Stake in KapStone Paper and Packaging Corp. (KS) Cintas Co. (CTAS) Rating Increased to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Credit Suisse Group AG Reiterates “Outperform” Rating for InterContinental Hotels Group PLC (IHG) Sunshine Bancorp Inc (SBCP) Coverage Initiated at Sandler O’Neill Nations Financial Group Inc. IA ADV Has $295,000 Position in Philip Morris International Inc. (PM) Aberdeen Asset Management plc (ADN) Receives Average Recommendation of “Hold” from Brokerages Employees Retirement System of Texas Has $33,731,000 Position in Visa Inc (V) Air Lease Corp (AL) EVP Jie Chen Sells 30,000 Shares March 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Air Lease Corp (NYSE:AL) EVP Jie Chen sold 30,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $39.14, for a total transaction of $1,174,200.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the executive vice president now directly owns 280,341 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $10,972,546.74. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Air Lease Corp (NYSE:AL) traded down 1.281% on Monday, hitting $38.599. 251,443 shares of the company’s stock traded hands. Air Lease Corp has a one year low of $24.49 and a one year high of $40.24. The stock has a market cap of $3.97 billion, a PE ratio of 11.234 and a beta of 1.60. The stock has a 50-day moving average of $38.47 and a 200-day moving average of $33.92. Air Lease Corp (NYSE:AL) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, February 23rd. The company reported $0.89 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.86 by $0.03. Air Lease Corp had a net margin of 26.09% and a return on equity of 14.83%. The firm earned $370.50 million during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $360.63 million. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $1.21 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue was up 13.4% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts forecast that Air Lease Corp will post $3.68 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, April 7th. Investors of record on Monday, March 20th will be issued a dividend of $0.075 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Thursday, March 16th. This represents a $0.30 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 0.77%. Air Lease Corp’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 9.12%. Your IP Address: Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of AL. Advisor Group Inc. boosted its position in shares of Air Lease Corp by 179.2% in the third quarter. Advisor Group Inc. now owns 4,196 shares of the company’s stock valued at $120,000 after buying an additional 2,693 shares during the period. Dreman Value Management L L C acquired a new position in shares of Air Lease Corp during the third quarter valued at about $160,000. Mogy Joel R Investment Counsel Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Air Lease Corp during the third quarter valued at about $203,000. Pacer Advisors Inc. boosted its position in shares of Air Lease Corp by 9.1% in the third quarter. Pacer Advisors Inc. now owns 7,324 shares of the company’s stock valued at $209,000 after buying an additional 612 shares during the period. Finally, Janus Capital Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Air Lease Corp during the fourth quarter valued at about $209,000. 90.06% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Several brokerages recently weighed in on AL. TheStreet raised shares of Air Lease Corp from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 29th. Zacks Investment Research downgraded shares of Air Lease Corp from a “strong-buy” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, February 27th. Cowen and Company upped their target price on shares of Air Lease Corp from $37.00 to $41.00 and gave the stock an “outperform” rating in a report on Friday, February 24th. FBR & Co increased their price objective on shares of Air Lease Corp from $36.00 to $40.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a report on Tuesday, November 22nd. Finally, Compass Point began coverage on shares of Air Lease Corp in a report on Wednesday, January 4th. They set a “buy” rating and a $46.00 price objective for the company. One investment analyst has rated the stock with a hold rating, seven have assigned a buy rating and one has assigned a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. Air Lease Corp currently has an average rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $50.00. Air Lease Corp Company Profile Air Lease Corporation is an aircraft leasing company. The Company is principally engaged in purchasing new commercial jet transport aircraft directly from aircraft manufacturers, such as The Boeing Company (Boeing) and Airbus SAS. (Airbus), and leasing those aircraft to airlines across the world. Along with its leasing activities, the Company sells aircraft from its operating lease portfolio to third parties, including other leasing companies, financial services companies and airlines. Receive News & Ratings for Air Lease Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Air Lease Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News FBI Director Comey Testifying Monday on Russian Interference Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices SpaceX Dragon capsule splashes down in Pacific USA TODAY James Dean 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL States where the middle class is being left behind Forbes 2017 billionaires list: Meet the richest people on the planet © Provided by USA Today The SpaceX Dragon officially splashed down in the Pacific. Popular Searches Apple Inc AAPL ▼ 140.94 -0.53 -0.37% Wells Fargo & Co WFC ▲ 55.34 +0.01 +0.02% Cousins Properties Inc CUZ ▲ 8.14 +0.03 +0.37% LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton SE LVMUY ▲ 43.14 +0.30 +0.70% After carrying nearly 5,500 pounds of supplies and experiments to the International Space Station on Feb. 23, the SpaceX Dragon capsule detached and began its descent to earth early Sunday morning before deploying its chutes and landing in the ocean at 11:48 a.m. ET Sunday. Just after 5 a.m., NASA and SpaceX announced that the capsule had detached from the space station and completed its necessary three departure burns to begin making its way back to earth. The Dragon was carrying science and research cargo back from the ISS. "Today we said good bye to the #Dragon! She is taking part of us back to the ground with her – important scientific samples, some from the crew!" Tweeted French astronaut Thomas Pesquet, who is on a six-month mission aboard the ISS. It was a busy weekend for space fans. On Saturday night, a Delta IV rocket bearing the Air Force’s 70th anniversary “breaking barriers” logo roared from Cape Canaveral to deliver a military communications satellite to orbit. The 217-foot United Launch Alliance rocket lit a main engine and four solid rocket motors at 8:18 p.m. ET to leap from Launch Complex 37 with 1.7 million pounds of thrust, about a half-hour later than planned after engineers resolved a launch pad arm problem. At 9 p.m., the rocket deployed the ninth Wideband Global Satcom spacecraft, the latest addition to the Department of Defense’s highest-capacity space-based communications network. Each WGS satellite provides 10 times more bandwidth than the entire constellation that preceded the program, supporting everything from tactical operations to drone video to communication between military leaders. “WGS is just one of many examples of advances in military technology, and I can’t think of a better mission to recognize the Air Force’s 70th birthday,” said Bob Tarleton, director of military satellite communications systems at the Air Force’s Space and Missile Systems Center in Los Angeles. International collaboration made the WGS-9 mission possible. Five allies in 2012 agreed to pay for the Boeing-built satellite, which have an average cost of $424 million. The deal gave Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands and New Zealand access to the network proportional with their investment. Australia paid for the sixth satellite in the series. “Military operations are increasingly dependent on capabilities based in space,” said Brig. Gen. Blaise Frawley of the Royal Canadian Air Force. Follow James Dean on Twitter: @flatoday_jdean © NASA The SpaceX Dragon capsule detached from the ISS early Sunday morning. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Congress vote may overturn Net privacy rules USA TODAY It's #NationalPuppyDay! America, here are your adorable puppies USA TODAY Security heightened after deadly London attack USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 March 2017 by Military News Mileage Earning App Mileslife Achieved Cooperation with EVA Air SHANGHAI, March 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Mileslife, an innovative mileage earning App in China announces its official partnership with Infinity MileageLands, the frequent flyer program of EVA Air. Users of Mileslife can now earn Infinity MileageLands miles directly through daily lifestyle spending. Mileslife App provides a seamless way to combine your favorite loyalty programs with lifestyle spending and travel scenario. It enhances the engagement and vitality of airline loyalty programs as well as providing an alternative for the frequent flyers to earn miles through daily spending. Mileslife well selects over 2,000 merchants of restaurants, premium spas, tour packages, boutique hotels and luxury resorts in China, Singapore and other popular destinations around the globe. Users pay via Mileslife App and can be rewarded with airline miles and points of 11 airline loyalty program partners worldwide at up to 7 miles per USD$1 spending. Miles and points will be directly credited into users' airline loyalty program accounts within 3-5 business days. Infinity MileageLands is the frequent flyer program of EVA Air, a Star Alliance member and one of the SKYTRAX 5-star airlines in the world. Members can redeem EVA Air, UNI Air and Star Alliance member airlines award tickets or upgrades with Infinity MileageLands miles. With Mileslife App, members can now earn 1 Infinity MileageLands bonus miles per RMB 1-4 spending. The partnership with Mileslife offers more miles earning channels for Infinity MileageLands members on the ground. Also, Mileslife users have wider selections on frequent flyer programs and mileage accumulations. Troy Liu, Founder and CEO of Mileslife mentioned, "After successful partnership with 10 worldwide airline loyalty programs across Asia, Europe and America in 2016, it is a right time to reinforce our partnership portfolio in Greater Asia. Infinity MileageLands members will have an alternative mile earning channel when they come to China. Besides, the diversity of the frequent flyer program is a key for future oversea expansion, especially the Asian market like Singapore and Taiwan." As a renowned loyalty program expert in China, he has performed consultant and training instructor for many international hotel chains and airlines. Travelled to over 100 countries by earning and burning miles and points in the past 15 years, he also cast light on these by his million-word blogs on Boardingarea. About Mileslife (www.mileslife.com) Mileslife is the first App for consumers to earn airline miles and points directly through their everyday lifestyle and travel spending and help the local business to target potential high-caliber customers. Launched in November 2015, Mileslife quickly partnered with thousands of restaurants, premium spas, tour packages, boutique hotels and luxury resorts in China, Singapore and other popular destinations around the globe. Along with the rise of Chinese middle class, Mileslife aspires to awaken the class's sense to realize the value and unleash the power of airline miles and fulfil their wishes to travel around the world. About EVA Air: EVA Air, a Star Alliance member, is one of only nine 5-Star airlines globally and is widely recognized for exceptionally high service and safety standards. The carrier was established in 1989 as Taiwan's first privately owned international airline. It is part of the respected Evergreen Group and a sister company to global container-shipping leader Evergreen Line. It flies a fleet of over 70 Boeing and Airbus aircraft to more than 60 international destinations throughout Asia, Oceania, Europe and North America. With just one easy stop in Taipei, travelers can connect onward to most major cities throughout Asia, including 27 destinations in Mainland China. Travelers can learn more about EVA's services, schedule and book and buy tickets at www.evaair.com and become acquainted with it Hello Kitty and Sanrio family planes and routes at http://www.evakitty.com/tw/. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, Airlines/Aviation, Books, Business, carrier, Companies, company, fleet, Leisure & Tourism, Licensing/Marketing Agreements, Lifestyle, major, Markets, New Products/Services, service, star, Travel, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Golden Circle Agency Launches First International Event portal (Mobile app on Android & Website) in Dubai,Middle East Next PostNext 东芝荣获 “2017年度创新产品奖” Search Recent Posts World Meteorological Day celebrates importance of clouds for weather, climate and water IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – IMM Atossa Genetics Opens Enrollment in Study of Endoxifen How the U.S. Keeps Herbal Dietary Supplements Safe Patriot One Announces Evaluation and Purchase Agreement with Iconic Las Vegas Property Business Contacts A Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
