Wednesday 17 May 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » IT & Telecommunications   » Story Boeing satellite to expand global broadband WASHINGTON, 3 hours, 14 minutes ago The fourth Boeing Inmarsat-5 satellite, launched on Monday, will noticeably expand the high-speed broadband service available through Inmarsat’s Global Xpress network after the satellite becomes fully operational later this year. The Inmarsat-5 satellites are uniquely able to provide seamless communications coverage through fixed and steerable beams that can be adjusted in real time to accommodate demand surges.      “Inmarsat-5 F4 joins our existing Global Xpress constellation, which is already being adopted as the new standard in global mobile broadband connectivity by companies, governments and communities around the world,” said Michele Franci, CTO, Inmarsat. “Boeing has been an outstanding partner in our journey to make Global Xpress a reality.” This is the fourth Inmarsat-5 satellite Boeing has built for Inmarsat’s Global Xpress network. After reaching its final orbit, the satellite will undergo testing and checkout before being declared operational.   “Our partnership with Inmarsat has enabled the creation of the world’s only commercial global, mobile Ka-band network,” said Mark Spiwak, president, Boeing Satellite Systems International. “This unique achievement is an example of Boeing’s continuing commitment to deliver reliable, affordable and innovative solutions for our customers.” Boeing has a strategic marketing partnership with Inmarsat and currently provides both military Ka-band and commercial Global Xpress services to US government customers. – TradeArabia News Service Tags: Boeing | broadband | Inmarsat | Satellite | More IT & Telecommunications Stories Thuraya launches dual mode satellite & LTE hotspot Ooredoo app reaches milestone 350,000 users GBI inks $274m loan refinancing agreement eHosting DataFort launches cyber defence centre Dubai launches online one-stop shop for govt services Huawei, Doha airport enter co-innovation partnership Ransomware attacks in 150 countries Microsoft announces new tools and services IoT ‘will enable mobility & automated transport’ Ransomware ‘targeting multiple hospitals’ Etisalat unveils special mobile add-on promotion Toshiba to focus on PC product innovations Ooredoo Kuwait names new brand ambassador Gemalto opens card personalisation centre in Dubai ManageEngine gets key management certification Smart Link, Avaya in contact centre expansion Centrify upgrades identity management solution Du, Dubai Economy partner on consumer awareness Microsoft unveils new education offerings Allied Telesis to showcase solutions at MIPS EMEA Software AG brings ‘Innovation Tour’ to Dubai Cybersecurity spend to top $101bn by 2020 STC group Q1 profit up 5.4pc to $666m Batelco's debut telecom bazaar 'a major success' L&T Infotech unveils new brand identity Ooredoo Oman upgrades self-care application Batelco Q1 revenues edge down 1pc to $238m Saudi Arabia launches SAP cloud hub to back Vision 2030 Bahrain TRA plans to deploy IP version 6 Etisalat bids for Oman licence Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Latest: Getting Peshmerga Reform Right: Helping Iraqi Kurds To Help Themselves In Post-ISIS Iraq – Analysis Religion-Nationalism Nexus In Today’s Russia: Are Roots Buried In Dostoevsky’s Novels? – Analysis Canada And The United States: Trade, Softwood, And Uncertainty – Analysis ASEAN Summit’s China Tilt Portends New World Order – Analysis Changing Nature Of Terrorists In Bangladesh – Analysis Eurasia Review A Journal of Analysis and News News Opinion Analysis Business Social Religion Entertainment Environment Technology About Editorial Staff Authors and Partners Contact Submit an Article Buzz Future Privacy Policy And Terms Of Use Model of China's Comac C919 passenger jet. Source: Wikipedia Commons. 1 Analysis Business  China’s New Commercial Airliner: Turbulence Ahead? – Analysis May 17, 2017 RSIS 0 Comment Aviation, China, Economics, Transportation By RSIS The first flight of China’s new C919 passenger jet is an important milestone in the country’s commercial aerospace business. Nevertheless, China faces an uphill battle when it comes to breaking into the international airliner market. By Richard A. Bitzinger* Earlier in May 2017, China’s answer to Airbus and Boeing, the Comac C919 passenger jet, took its first flight ever, live on state-run television. Not surprisingly, this event immediately prompted an outpouring of patriotism and self-satisfaction within the country. Local reporters gushed, and the state media celebrated the flight as “another fulfilment of [the China] dream”. A Chinese aviation expert predicted that the plane would “rip a hole” in the Boeing-Airbus duopoly, and ordinary Chinese burst with pride. Even the foreign press heralded the accomplishment, the New York Times calling the C919 a symbol of the “industrial might of an emerging superpower”. So much hyperbole for such a rather workaday occurrence. Congratulations are certainly due to the Chinese aerospace industry for getting the C919 off the ground. But the future may not be as bright as it seems, though the West should not take this challenge lightly. No Overnight Success The C919 narrow-body jet, initiated in 2008, seats 150 to 200 passengers, which puts it roughly in the same category as the Boeing 737 and the Airbus A320. China has invested US$9 billion in the programme, and Comac, China’s state-owned commercial jet consortium, claims to have over 550 orders for the plane. Nevertheless, it is a long way from a successful first flight to delivering a first-rate airliner that can take on Airbus and Boeing at their own game. Many other countries have tried before and failed to compete with these two aerospace giants. China itself has been down this road before, several times in fact, and not put a dent into this duopoly. Back in the 1970s, for example, Mao Zedong backed a major effort to build the Y-10 airliner. The 178-seat Y-10 was basically a clone of the Boeing 707, one of the first large passenger jets. The Chinese acquired ten 707s in the early 1970s, and even if they did not totally reverse engineer it, they used the 707 as their model. The Y-10 was initiated in 1970, and the first prototype flew a decade later. And when it finally flew, at least one contemporary press account asserted that “one could no longer regard China as a backward country”. And yet the project was quietly abandoned in the early 1980s. It was overweight and underpowered and there were considerable safety concerns. There were even rumours that it was poorly balanced, and that if it were improperly loaded it would fall back on its tail. Undaunted, the Chinese in the mid-1980s undertook a major partnership with McDonnell Douglas, then the world’s second-largest commercial aircraft manufacturer. The Shanghai Aviation Industrial Corporation (SAIC) acquired a license to assemble the McDonnell Douglas MD-82 airliner, a 135-seat single-aisle airliner. Many MD-82 parts were manufactured in China, including the horizontal stabiliser, the nose landing and main landing gear doors, and other ancillary pieces. Other Chinese aircraft companies participated as subcontractors to SAIC; the Chengdu Aircraft Industry Group, for instance, built the nose section for the MD-82. The first SAIC-built MD-82 rolled out in 1986 and flew later that year. Nevertheless, only 35 Chinese MD-82s (and two MD-90s, a slightly improved version) were ever built before the programme was cancelled. McDonnell Douglas was later absorbed by Boeing and disappeared as an independent company. Sad Experience of the ARJ-21? Lost in all the hype over the C919 is China’s 100-seat regional jet, the ARJ21. This jet was launched in 2002, and its maiden flight took place in late 2008. Intended first and foremost to meet China’s burgeoning demand for short-haul internal air transport, the plane has already secured over 300 firm orders. The ARJ21, like the C919, looks good on paper, but it has had a rough time, raising serious questions about China’s ability to break into the international commercial airliner business. The ARJ21 was two-and-a-half years late in achieving first flight. In late 2010, the plane’s wing failed its predicted load rating during static tests; wing cracks as well as problems with the aircraft’s avionics and wiring also have been reported. The first ARJ21 was delivered only last year, and all in all this airliner is more than six years behind schedule. The C919 is also behind schedule, missing its milestones for first flight by more than two years. In addition, the US Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) has refused to certify the C919’s airworthiness, making it highly unlikely that the aircraft will meet its 2016 deadline for starting deliveries. FAA certification is essential if the Chinese wish to sell the C919 to foreign airlines. So far nearly all the orders for the ARJ21 and C919 have come from Chinese airlines, making it highly probable that Beijing has strong-armed these companies into buying these planes. The first airline to receive the ARJ21 was Chengdu Airlines, which is partly owned by Comac. Another airline, Joy Air, was purportedly established specifically to purchase and operate Chinese-made commercial aircraft. Why This Time Might be Different All these arguments aside, the West – and particularly Boeing and Airbus – should not be complacent. China has an infinite capacity to confound the naysayers. With regard to the C919, the country possesses two advantages. The first is size: the Chinese aviation market is growing by leaps and bounds; Boeing predicts that Chinese airlines would spend more than $1 trillion on new planes over the next two decades, totaling more than 6,800 aircraft. The second advantage is commitment and money. President Xi Jinping’s “Made in China 2025” initiative, launched two years ago, is intended to make the country self-sufficient in several industrial sectors, including microchips, artificial intelligence, robots, electric cars, agricultural machinery – and commercial aircraft. China’s commercial aerospace interests will not end with the C919. Comac has plans for two wide-body airliners, the 300-seat C929 and the 400-seat C939. So do not count China out as a commercial aircraft maker. That said, expect turbulence. *Richard A. Bitzinger is a Senior Fellow and Coordinator of the Military Transformations Programme at the S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies (RSIS), Nanyang Technological University, Singapore. An earlier version of this Commentary appeared in Asia Times. ← Trump Goes To Twitter To Defend Sharing Information With Russians ‘Narco-Deforestation’ Leading To Loss Of Central American Tropical Forests → RSIS RSIS Commentaries are intended to provide timely and, where appropriate, policy relevant background and analysis of contemporary developments. The views of the author/s are their own and do not represent the official position of the S.Rajaratnam School of International Studies (RSIS), NTU, which produces the Commentaries. You May Also Like Russia Wants To Remake Globalization In Its Own Image – Analysis November 24, 2016 Richard Weitz 0 In Merkel Test, Bundestag Backs Expansion Of Eurozone Rescue Fund September 29, 2011 RFE RL 0 Indonesia’s Tax Amnesty – Analysis April 29, 2017 RSIS 0 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Latest Articles 1 Analysis  Getting Peshmerga Reform Right: Helping Iraqi Kurds To Help Themselves In Post-ISIS Iraq – Analysis May 17, 2017 Published by the Foreign Policy Research Institute 0 By Samuel Helfont* (FPRI) — Qubad Talabani is the scion of one of the two most important families in the 1 Analysis Religion  Religion-Nationalism Nexus In Today’s Russia: Are Roots Buried In Dostoevsky’s Novels? – Analysis May 17, 2017 Modern Diplomacy 0 1 Analysis Business  Canada And The United States: Trade, Softwood, And Uncertainty – Analysis May 17, 2017 COHA 0 1 Analysis Business  ASEAN Summit’s China Tilt Portends New World Order – Analysis May 17, 2017 YaleGlobal Online 0 1 Analysis Social Issues  Changing Nature Of Terrorists In Bangladesh – Analysis May 17, 2017 Observer Research Foundation 0 1 World News  Qatar Doesn’t Support Muslim Brotherhood, No Future For Assad In Syria – FM May 17, 2017 Arab News 0 1 Opinion  Iran, French Elections And EU’s Vague Future – OpEd May 17, 2017 Iran Review 0 Recent Comments Joe Little on Soros Gets AP Whitewash – OpEd jan on Pakistan Should Guard Itself From Becoming Another Tibet For China – OpEd Mac on Pakistan Should Guard Itself From Becoming Another Tibet For China – OpEd John Kountz on Trump Accused Of Disclosing Classified Information To Russian Envoys Walter DuBlanica on NATO’s Biggest Challenge: Make ‘Frightened’ Europe Pay Up – OpEd Copyright © 2017 Eurasia Review. All rights reserved. (ISSN 2330-717X) This popup will close in: Please Support Eurasia Review   Eurasia Review does not receive financial support from any institution, corporation or organization. We are truly independent. Your contributions allow Eurasia Review to continue operating. Please consider donating today.   Signup for Eurasia Review's FREE newsletter CLOSE
Business Home LBoard Book makes me admire ‘Hannah Yeoh’s God’, says lecturer in report FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Boeing’s top seller to debut as Malindo takes first Max Bloomberg | May 17, 2017 Malindo will be the first airline to fly the Boeing 737 Max commercially. CHICAGO: Boeing Co delivered the first 737 Max to the jetliner’s largest customer, Lion Mentari Airlines PT, a step toward reaping a cash bounty from the best-selling aircraft in the company’s history. The Tuesday hand-off to Lion’s Malaysia affiliate, Malindo Airways, was only one day later than first scheduled after the US planemaker quickly recovered from a possible engine manufacturing defect, which had grounded the fledgling Max fleet last week. Before that hiccup, the upgraded 737 had coasted through development and flight-testing months ahead of schedule – a rarity in an industry where delays are common. The 737 and Airbus SE’s A320 family are the sturdy workhorses for budget carriers worldwide, built to withstand multiple short flights a day. And thanks to manufacturing scale and processes honed over decades, they are the biggest profit generators for the planemakers, one reason why investors have closely watched the progress of the latest Boeing single-aisle jet so closely. The Max “is the most important programme at Boeing both now and in the future,” said George Ferguson, senior air transport analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. “It is the cash generator and they can’t screw it up.” Boeing is counting on smooth sailing for the 737 Max, the newest member of the jet family dating back about fifty years. That is essential if the Chicago-based company is to make good on the cash it has promised to return to investors as production slows for the 777, the second-largest source of profit, ahead of a transition to a new model. Net orders The Max family had netted 3,714 orders through the end of April, with the bulk of sales coming from the midsize -8. That jet, the first to debut, promises 8% lower operating costs than Airbus’s A320neo jets from upgrades that include new fuel-efficient engines and winglets. To convert that order backlog to cash, Boeing is speeding output at the Renton, Washington, factory where the jets are manufactured by 12% this year to a 47-jet monthly pace. Additional step-ups are planned for 2018 and 2019. If all goes to plan, current-generation 737 planes and the Max will generate about US$25 billion in revenue this year, about 27% of the company total, according to Ferguson. He estimates Boeing will reap about $4 billion in operating profit from the single-aisle jets in 2017, 43% of its total. “This airline will change the face of the single-aisle market,” Kevin McAllister, chief executive officer of Boeing’s commercial airplanes division, said in a statement Tuesday. The manufacturer plans to roll out three other models in addition to the Max 8 headed to Malindo at a pace of about one a year. And the company’s salesforce is working to find customers for a possible stretched model, the Max 10, ahead of a possible debut in Paris next month. Malindo, whose name is derived from the country names of Malaysia and Indonesia, will be the first airline to fly the 737 Max commercially. The carrier is owned by Malaysia’s National Aerospace and Defence Industries and Lion Air. Its Indonesia-based parent announced a 201-plane order for the Max in early 2012. Southwest Airlines, which placed the initial order for the newest 737 in late 2011, is due to take its first delivery in July, about two months earlier than expected. The Dallas-based carrier plans to start commercial flights with the Max on Oct 1, after retiring the oldest planes in its fleet. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Drug taking rife in Felda schemes, say settlers Kit Siang kepada Hadi: Selamat sembuh Explore topics airlines, Boeing, Boeing 737, boeing 737 max, FMT, Malaysia, Malindo, special ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Why some Malaysians want to live elsewhere Malaysia eyes sale of Proton as Mahathir’s dream… High Court dismisses ex-AG’s application to throw out… N Korea closes only restaurant in Malaysia after Jong Nam… JJPTR comes to a full stop, following arrest and raid Bimbang dirinya kagum ‘tuhan Hannah Yeoh’,… ‘Zakir Naik not in Malaysia now’ Speed cameras: Road safety device or cash cow? Hudud: Apabila pemimpin Melayu terpaksa berjoget ikut rentak Cops ignored detainees’ screams out of respect for… ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB Speed cameras: Road safety device or cash cow? A loss of press freedom is a loss for all PAS in Selangor govt is akin to sleeping with the enemy Time for Pakatan Harapan to make their case clearly Battling religious extremism 11 Mei, 13 Mei dan pengajarannya More... FMT Bahasa PSM bertanding 20 kerusi, seru Pakatan ‘jangan angkuh’ Pakatan Harapan mohon jumpa pengerusi SPR Amanah sokong Malaysia hantar pulang warga Turki Permainan ‘bunuh diri’ online dipantau SKMM Bimbang dirinya kagum ‘tuhan Hannah Yeoh’, pensyarah buat laporan polis Kesihatan Hadi bertambah baik selepas pembedahan More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Lethal Injection Bill Cosby Scandal TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Travel Consumer Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 11 2017, 4:46 am ET Boeing Halts Test Flights of New 737 Over Engine Issue Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement DALLAS — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new airliner because of a possible problem in the manufacturing of a key engine part. The company said Wednesday that it still plans to deliver the first Boeing 737 Max later this month, and production will continue. A Boeing 737 MAX 9 under construction at the company's production facility in Renton, Washington, on Feb. 13. Jason Redmond / Reuters file The news sent Boeing Co. shares down nearly 4 percent, although they recovered partly to close at $183.18, down $2.31, or 1.3 percent. Chicago-based Boeing was notified last week of a potential issue involving turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. Boeing said it has not experienced any problems with the discs during more than 2,000 hours of testing. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 Max but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing's most popular commercial plane. Malaysia's Malindo Air plans to take delivery of the first Max in a few days and begin using it for passenger flights before July. Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. expects to begin using the plane this fall. It said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Related: China's 'Homegrown' Competitor to 737 Takes to the Skies American Airlines Group Inc., which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. The discs in question are made by a supplier to CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and France's Safran. GE spokeswoman Jamie Jewell declined to identify the supplier. She said GE and Safran will work with the supplier to find and correct any shortcomings in the manufacturing process while also turning to a backup supplier to keep production of engines on schedule. A Boeing logo on one of the firm's 737 Max 9 jets. Jason Redmond / AFP - Getty Images file In a written statement, Boeing said it will work with CFM "to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue." New planes and parts go through extensive testing to turn up problems before passengers go on board. Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., said "this doesn't look like a serious concern" because Boeing still expects to deliver the first plane this month and it appears to be a fixable manufacturing problem rather than a design flaw. Boeing has built about 9,500 single-aisle 737s since the late 1960s. The company said it has taken more than 3,700 orders for the Max, which carries a list price of $112.4 million to $119.2 million, although airlines routinely get big discounts. Contributors Associated Press and Reuters Topics Travel, Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published May 11 2017, 4:44 am ET Next Story U.S. Travelers Skip Measles Vaccines, Study Finds advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Boeing delivers the first 737 MAX, to Malaysian carrier Dan Catchpole Tue May 16th, 2017 3:47pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. SEATTLE — The Boeing Co. handed over the first 737 MAX to Malindo Air on Tuesday at Boeing Field. The MAX family of airplanes is the fourth generation of Boeing’s single-aisle 737 jets. The delivery to the Malaysia-based airline came 50 years and five weeks after the original 737’s maiden flight on April 9, 1967. Since then, Boeing has delivered nearly 9,500 of the workhorse airplanes. However, Airbus’ A320 and its upgraded A320neo have picked up a majority of orders in recent years. Boeing developed the MAX in response to the A320neo. Eighty-seven airlines and other customers have ordered nearly 3,700 of the upgraded 737s, which feature new engines, avionics and other substantial improvements. The vast majority of those orders are for the 737 MAX 8, the version delivered to Malindo Air. The larger 737 MAX 9 had its maiden flight in mid-April. The company also is developing the smaller MAX 7 and the MAX 200, a high-density version of the MAX 8. Boeing reportedly is considering making a MAX 10. “The 737 MAX 8 is the best in its class, providing unmatched performance and economics for our airline customers,” Boeing Commercial Airplanes’s new president and CEO Kevin McAllister said in a news release. “This airplane will change the face of the single-aisle market.” The 737 MAX “will become the centerpiece of our fleet,” Malindo Air CEO Chandran Rama Muthy said in the release. Boeing plans to aggressively increase 737 MAX production from about one airplane a month now to more than 50 a month in 2019. That leaves little margin for error. On May 10, the company temporarily grounded its fleet of 737 MAX test aircraft after the engine manufacturer CFM International discovered a problem with a key engine part. A couple days later, the planes were back in the air. The single-aisle airplanes are assembled in Renton. Stow bins and other interior parts are made at Boeing’s Everett plant. The aerospace giant began construction in early May on a finishing plant and delivery center in China. The plant will install interiors and paint 737s for delivery to Chinese customers. It will be able to handle as many as 100 planes a year, according to the company. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Couple pays $5,495 owed for lunches at Marysville schools MARYSVILLE — On Friday, Tom and Christy Lee called the Marysville School… May 16th, 2017 by Chris Winters Failed Granite Falls off-road track sues for lost dirt money EVERETT — A lawsuit over an off-road motorcycle track once planned near… May 15th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Study: Crumb rubber cancer risk ‘at or below 1 in a million’ EVERETT — Tests conducted of crumb rubber sports fields in five cities,… May 15th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer What's Up With That? Iconic OMG! Lake Stevens spaceship house faces demolition It’s that wacky house that doesn’t look like any other home in… May 16th, 2017 by Andrea Brown See what you’d look like as a Funko character Here’s the must-do diversion of the day: See what you would look… May 15th, 2017 by Jim Davis © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
May 17, 2017 0658 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:192940 Publish Date: Wed, 17 May 2017 02:49:08 GMT Service: Iran France’s ATR delivers first planes to Iran Economic Desk European plane maker ATR on Tuesday delivered small passenger jets to Iran, the latest big-budget deal to emerge in the wake of Iran’s 2015 nuclear accord with world powers that ended years of sanctions. The first four ATR 72-600s were handed over to Iran Air in a ceremony Tuesday in Toulouse in southern France, where ATR is based, AP reported. Iran Air finalized a deal last month with ATR for 20 twin-propeller aircraft, with an option to buy 20 more. The planes are worth $536 million at list prices though customers usually negotiate discounts. Iran has struck several large jet deals since last year, including with Boeing Co. and Airbus. Iran has signed a flurry of deals with Western companies over the past year since the easing of international sanctions on Tehran after an accord was reached over its nuclear program. Iran Air has ordered 100 aircraft from Airbus and the first plane has already been delivered. Boeing has a deal to sell 80 aircraft to Iran Air and plans to arrange the lease of a further 29. However, the deal is not yet formally on the US manufacturer’s order book. ATR spokesman David Vargas said in April that his company will definitely help Iran Air modernize and develop regional connectivity. Farhad Parvaresh, Iran Air CEO told IRNA in April that the French-Italian company will deliver nine ATR 72-600s in 2017 and the rest in 2018. Chicago-based Boeing also signed a $3-billion deal in April to sell 30 737 MAX aircraft to Iran’s Aseman Airlines — a firm owned by Iran’s civil service pension foundation. Iran relies on a strong domestic infrastructure numbering 60 airports which the ATRs are fully capable of serving. The ATR 72-600 is ideal for operations in many types of challenging environments, including small airfields, unpaved runways and mountainous regions. The ATR 72-600 will form the core of the regional aircraft of the Iran Air fleet and will substantially contribute to the expansion and development of the services provided by the national airline across the country. Christian Scherer, the CEO of ATR, declared on Tuesday, “There are still historical moments in aviation, and this is one of them. We are proud and gratified that our ATR aircraft are providing the solution to Iran’s significant needs in regional connectivity. As Iran’s traveling public gains access to increased supply of air transportation, it will benefit from the highest standards of comfort, efficiency and reliability with the ATR’s we are delivering today and over the coming months. We salute Iran Air for their choice in our favor and the tremendous role they play in their country.” Parvaresh also told the ceremony, “Our new fleet of ATR 72-600s showcases our will to provide the latest generation aircraft to our customers, therefore ensuring comfort, reliability and competitiveness. Strengthening the links between all our communities will encourage new business opportunities for everyone.” Iran is also expected to be the Middle East’s next big tourism destination. This freshly open market, along with the currently existing significant religious traffic, will develop connectivity domestically as well as towards neighboring countries in the years to come. The country’s air services will require the highest standards of comfort as well as operational flexibility. Founded in 1981, ATR is the world leader on the market for below-90-seat regional aircraft. Since its creation, ATR has sold over 1,500 aircraft. ATR aircraft equip the fleets of some 200 airlines in nearly 100 countries. ATR is an equal partnership between two major European aeronautics players, Airbus and Leonardo. Based in Toulouse, France, ATR is well established worldwide with a large customer support and sales network, including Customer Service Centers, training centers and warehouses.     KeyWords ATR deliver Iran   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Iran election results to be announced all at once: Interior minister Zarif urges facilitation of Iran-India banking ties Iran UN ambassador: Women worst affected by Middle East crises France’s ATR delivers first planes to Iran Iran's first VP drops out of presidential race to back President Rouhani Rouhani: Iran must choose between development and loss of dignity Security forces arrest killers of police officers in south Iran’s new defense systems enter service Obama-era officials reuniting to defend Iran nuclear deal Iranian Jewish MP: Jews’ condition in Iran has always been better than in Europe Most Visited Secret US military shuttle ends 2-year mission US finalizing $300bn weapons sale to Saudi Arabia, official says US military chief in Israel to discuss bilateral ties www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/6302 sec
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Boeing cleared to fly the 737 Max, delivers first jet Boeing cleared to fly the 737 Max, delivers first jet Posted on Tuesday, May 16, 2017 by CNN in Business News Boeing got the “all clear” Tuesday from the Federal Aviation Administration to resume flying its new 737 Max. That came after Boeing’s 737 fleet was briefly grounded starting on May 10 due to engine concerns. Both CFM International, which manufactures the engine, and Boeing were concerned that an issue inside the turbine might eventually cause cracks. CFM, a joint venture between General Electric and France’s Safran, said that about 30 engines are being sent back to the company for inspections. The remaining engines with Boeing are cleared to fly. Also on Tuesday, Boeing made its first 737 Max delivery to Malindo Air of Malaysia. That kicked off the start of more than 3,700 Max deliveries that are slated to stretch well into the next decade. The company last Friday was permitted to fly a test flight ahead of Tuesday’s handover to Malindo, but its remaining fleet stayed on the ground. Malindo’s first Max is part of a record order for 201 jets that was placed by Lion Air, the airline’s Indonesian parent company, during a 2011 state visit that country by President Barack Obama. Lion Air is the largest single buyer of the 737 Max. Boeing now faces a big challenge. It plans to build 57 of its single-aisle airliners each month by 2019 as the 737 Max becomes the company’s biggest single source of profit. Malindo won’t be the only airline with the Max for long. Low-cost airline Norwegian Air Shuttle will get its first jet in the coming weeks before it starts transatlantic flights in June. And U.S. carriers aren’t far behind. Southwest Airlines and American Airlines will start taking their first batch later in the year. This is the fourth generation of Boeing’s popular single-aisle jet, which has been a workhorse for the company for decades. The jet is 14% more fuel efficient than its predecessor, primarily due to its new engines. Report: Trump told Comey to consider imprisoning reporters who publish leaks Does anyone in Trump's White House have credibility? Related Posts What we’d learn if Trump would just release his tax returns Uber says it will toughen background checks Market may stall if Trump can’t live up to the hype Toshiba chairman steps down as company takes $6.3B hit from nuclear unit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Fiberglass Market for Aerospace Industry to Grow at a CAGR of Almost 5% Through 2021: Technavio LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global fiberglass market for the aerospace industry is expected to reach USD 188.8 million in 2021, according to their latest report. This research report titled ‘Global Fiberglass Market for the Aerospace Industry 2017-2021’ provides an in-depth analysis of the market in terms of revenue and emerging market trends. This market research report also includes up to date analysis and forecasts for various market segments and all geographical regions. There has been a steady increase in the number of aircraft in service and its orders. As of June 2014, Airbus and Boeing together had over 10,500 aircraft orders. In the same year, around 21,000 aircraft were in service. This number is expected to reach 42,160 over the following two decades. Advances in technology have led to the development of efficient and modern aircraft with reduced weight and fuel consumption. GE, one of the top manufacturers of Airbus, Boeing, and jet engine, are now using fiberglass in aircraft structure and components ranging from fuselages, wings, and cabin interiors to jet engines. The use of fiberglass for aerospace applications is primarily concentrated in Europe and North America. Looking for more information on this market? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio’s analysts categorize the global fiberglass market for the aerospace industry into the following major segments by the application. They are: Aerospace structural parts Aerospace flooring, closets, cargo liners, and seating Aerospace luggage bins and storage racks Others The top three application segments for the global fiberglass market for aerospace industry are discussed below: Aerospace structural parts The global fiberglass market for aerospace structural parts is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 5% through 2021. The fiberglass is mainly used in making the primary structural parts of aircraft, which include tail fins, fairings, flaps propellers, radomes, air brakes, rotor blades, and motor parts and wing tips. Two types of fiber glasses namely S-glass and S2-glass are mainly used in aircraft due to their high strength. Fiberglass has advantages such as low cost and resistant to chemicals. As a result, they are preferred over other composite materials. Other qualities of fiberglass include impact and fatigue resistance, ideal strength-to-weight ratio. Also, they are non-flammable. According to Ajay Adikari, a lead textile, fiber, and composites research analyst from Technavio, “For reducing the cost and weight of the aircraft, which will further reduce the fuel consumption, there is a constant replacement of metals with composites. Being one of the most efficient material types, fiberglass is highly used in the aerospace industry. With the growing demand for both commercial and passenger aircraft, the market for fiberglass will also increase.” Aerospace flooring, closets, cargo liners, and seating The global fiberglass market for aerospace flooring, closets, cargo liners, and seating is expected to reach USD 56.2 million in 2021. Composites make almost 50% of a modern aircraft and fiberglass is one of the most widely used composites in the aerospace industry. With fuel price increasing significantly, there is a need to reduce the weight in aircraft to improve the fuel efficiency and payload capacity. “Both civilian and military sectors make use of fiberglass aircraft parts and components. These are differentiated by good insulating properties, good formability, tailorable shear properties by layup, and low dielectric properties. Increasing growth in the aerospace industry across regions will propel the market during the forecast period,” adds Ajay. Aerospace luggage bins and storage racks The global fiberglass market for aerospace luggage bins and storage racks is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 4% by 2021. Fiberglass composites form an integral part of the aircraft luggage bins and storage racks. The long-term aircraft production spending from various countries will make the global aerospace industry to witness a positive growth trend. The growing demand in the travel industry from APAC and the Middle East is driving the demand for fiberglass in the aerospace industry. The top vendors highlighted by Technavio’s research analysts in this report are: Braj Binani Group Jushi Group PPG Industries Saint-Gobain China Beihai Fiberglass Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like metals and minerals, specialty chemicals, and plastics, polymers, and elastomers. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Investment Experts Discuss “Financing the Deal” With Nashville Health Care Council Next PostNext Canagliflozin (Invokana, Invokamet): Drug Safety Communication – Increased Risk of Leg and Foot Amputations Search Recent Posts Friealtor Agents Win „Race to Zero” – Closing the DC Metro Area’s First Commission-Free Real Estate Sale Association for Mineral Exploration Welcomes Edie Thome as New President & CEO Global Discrete Thyristor Market Research Report 2017 – 2021 Association for Mineral Exploration Welcomes Edie Thome as New President & CEO Allgood Family Dentistry Completes Latest Invisalign® CE Course, Offers Modern Orthodontics in Midlothian, VA RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Global Fiberglass Market for Aerospace Industry to Grow at a CAGR of Almost 5% Through 2021: Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global fiberglass market for the aerospace industry from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global fiberglass market for the aerospace industry from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 16, 2017 05:03 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global fiberglass market for the aerospace industry is expected to reach USD 188.8 million in 2021, according to their latest report. This research report titled ‘Global Fiberglass Market for the Aerospace Industry 2017-2021’ provides an in-depth analysis of the market in terms of revenue and emerging market trends. This market research report also includes up to date analysis and forecasts for various market segments and all geographical regions. There has been a steady increase in the number of aircraft in service and its orders. As of June 2014, Airbus and Boeing together had over 10,500 aircraft orders. In the same year, around 21,000 aircraft were in service. This number is expected to reach 42,160 over the following two decades. Advances in technology have led to the development of efficient and modern aircraft with reduced weight and fuel consumption. GE, one of the top manufacturers of Airbus, Boeing, and jet engine, are now using fiberglass in aircraft structure and components ranging from fuselages, wings, and cabin interiors to jet engines. The use of fiberglass for aerospace applications is primarily concentrated in Europe and North America. Looking for more information on this market? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio’s analysts categorize the global fiberglass market for the aerospace industry into the following major segments by the application. They are: Aerospace structural parts Aerospace flooring, closets, cargo liners, and seating Aerospace luggage bins and storage racks Others The top three application segments for the global fiberglass market for aerospace industry are discussed below: Aerospace structural parts The global fiberglass market for aerospace structural parts is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 5% through 2021. The fiberglass is mainly used in making the primary structural parts of aircraft, which include tail fins, fairings, flaps propellers, radomes, air brakes, rotor blades, and motor parts and wing tips. Two types of fiber glasses namely S-glass and S2-glass are mainly used in aircraft due to their high strength. Fiberglass has advantages such as low cost and resistant to chemicals. As a result, they are preferred over other composite materials. Other qualities of fiberglass include impact and fatigue resistance, ideal strength-to-weight ratio. Also, they are non-flammable. According to Ajay Adikari, a lead textile, fiber, and composites research analyst from Technavio, “For reducing the cost and weight of the aircraft, which will further reduce the fuel consumption, there is a constant replacement of metals with composites. Being one of the most efficient material types, fiberglass is highly used in the aerospace industry. With the growing demand for both commercial and passenger aircraft, the market for fiberglass will also increase.” Aerospace flooring, closets, cargo liners, and seating The global fiberglass market for aerospace flooring, closets, cargo liners, and seating is expected to reach USD 56.2 million in 2021. Composites make almost 50% of a modern aircraft and fiberglass is one of the most widely used composites in the aerospace industry. With fuel price increasing significantly, there is a need to reduce the weight in aircraft to improve the fuel efficiency and payload capacity. “Both civilian and military sectors make use of fiberglass aircraft parts and components. These are differentiated by good insulating properties, good formability, tailorable shear properties by layup, and low dielectric properties. Increasing growth in the aerospace industry across regions will propel the market during the forecast period,” adds Ajay. Aerospace luggage bins and storage racks The global fiberglass market for aerospace luggage bins and storage racks is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 4% by 2021. Fiberglass composites form an integral part of the aircraft luggage bins and storage racks. The long-term aircraft production spending from various countries will make the global aerospace industry to witness a positive growth trend. The growing demand in the travel industry from APAC and the Middle East is driving the demand for fiberglass in the aerospace industry. The top vendors highlighted by Technavio’s research analysts in this report are: Braj Binani Group Jushi Group PPG Industries Saint-Gobain China Beihai Fiberglass Browse Related Reports: Global Concrete Fibers Market 2017-2021 Global Coated Papers Market 2017-2021 Global Fiberglass Building Products Market 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like metals and minerals, specialty chemicals, and plastics, polymers, and elastomers. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary According to the latest market study released by Technavio, the global fiberglass market for the aerospace industry is expected to reach USD 188.8 million in 2021, according to their latest report. #Hashtags #Fiberglass #Technavio #TextileFiberandComposites #Research Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Boeing delivers first 737 MAX to Malaysia's Malindo Air Boeing delivers first 737 MAX to Malaysia's Malindo Air May 16, 2017 Linda Blachly EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Malindo Air 737 MAX 8 Boeing Related Media Gallery: Boeing 737 MAX 9 takes flight Advertisement Boeing delivered the first 737 MAX 8 to Malaysia's Malindo Air May 16 at Boeing’s Seattle Delivery Center in Washington state. The airline will be the first to put the 737 MAX into commercial service. The delivery comes a day after Boeing resumed flights of 737 MAX aircraft using CFM International LEAP-1B engines unaffected by an issue that prompted a suspension of all MAX flying last week. Boeing suspended all 737 MAX flights May 10 after being informed by CFM, a GE Aviation/Safran Aircraft Engines joint venture, of a potential issue with the aircraft’s LEAP-1B engine. The suspension was implemented “out of an abundance of caution,” Boeing had said at the time. The potential issue, discovered during a quality inspection by CFM of an engine in a factory, is with low pressure turbine (LPT) discs. But CFM has double or triple sourced 80% of the LEAP engine’s outsourced components, and has two LPT suppliers. Only one supplier’s LPTs are at issue. Regulators cleared Boeing to resume flights with LEAP-1B engines containing LPTs from the unaffected supplier even as inspections of engines with LPTs from the affected supplier continue. Malindo Air CEO Chandran Rama Muthy said, “The Boeing 737NG fleet has served Malindo well in its growth and we believe that the 737 MAX will become the centerpiece of our fleet. These new aircraft will allow us to go to further destinations and will play a key role in providing lower air fares to our customers.” Linda Blachly linda.blachly@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Boeing suspends 737 MAX flights, cites ‘potential’ CFM LEAP-1B issue Boeing resumes 737 MAX flying with unaffected engines Aircraft Briefs-Jan. 26, 2017   CFM delivers first 737 MAX engines to Boeing   Boeing bullish on 737 MAX for Asian LCC market   Blogs & Commentary May 10, 2017 blog The face of an airline It is almost impossible to imagine Etihad Airways without James Hogan, but come July that will be a reality. How do airline brands move on when their face changes?...More May 5, 2017 blog Doug Parker: ‘Our stock is so undervalued it defies logic’ What will it take for Wall Street to buy into the notion that US airlines are safe—and even forward-thinking—investments?...More May 2, 2017 blog US lawmakers are angry, but want airlines to self-regulate Today’s congressional hearing on US airline customer service was certainly a venting exercise for lawmakers. The question is, will this new wave of airline bashing stop at angry words or be followed by regulation?...More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location May 3, 2017 Article Boom CEO sees market for 1,000 supersonic passenger jets by 2035 Denver-based Boom Technology founder and CEO Blake Scholl believes the company’s first supersonic passenger aircraft can enter commercial service as soon as 2023 and there is a market for as many as 1,000 supersonic airliners to be delivered by 2035....More May 2, 2017 Article A4A airlines will no longer remove boarded passengers from aircraft All Airlines for America (A4A) member airlines are now committed to not removing a boarded passenger from an aircraft in a bumping situation and all are committed to ensuring crew being transported are booked in advance, A4A president and CEO Nicholas Calio said....More May 2, 2017 Article Confident businesses, consumers drive strong air travel demand Global air travel demand is more robust than expected so far in 2017 because of growing business and consumer confidence, according to IATA chief economist Brian Pearce....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Avolon Celebrates Delivery of the World’s First Boeing 737 MAX to Malindo Air May 16, 2017 04:36 PM Eastern Daylight Time DUBLIN & SEATTLE--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Avolon, the international aircraft leasing company, celebrated today the delivery of the world’s first Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft to Malindo Air. The delivery took place during a special ceremony at Boeing’s 737 Delivery Centre in Seattle where Avolon, Boeing and CFM International, the aircraft’s engine manufacturer, were present. In addition to today’s delivery, Avolon has commitments for 60 Boeing 737 MAX 8/9 aircraft, delivering through to 2021. This is Avolon’s fifth aircraft on lease to Malindo Air, and is part of a portfolio of 19 aircraft currently on lease to Lion Air Group. Boeing 737 MAX The Boeing 737 MAX is a new-engine variant of the world's best-selling aircraft and builds on the strengths of today's Next-Generation 737. The 737 MAX incorporates the latest-technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. Airlines operating the 737 MAX will see a 14% fuel burn improvement over the most fuel efficient single-aisle current technology aircraft and an 8% operating cost per seat advantage over competing aircraft. John Higgins, Avolon President and CCO, said: “Avolon was one of the first lessors to order the Boeing 737 MAX when it launched in 2011 and we are proud to deliver the world’s first 737 MAX to Malindo Air. It marks the first delivery of Avolon’s commitments of over 60 737 MAX aircraft. Our commitment to our customers is to have a product offering built around the latest and most technically advanced aircraft available in the market.” Kevin McAllister, Boeing Commercial Airplanes President and CEO, said: “This airplane will change the face of the single-aisle market. The 737 MAX 8 is the best in its class, providing unmatched performance and economics for our airline customers.” Chandran Rama Muthy, CEO of Malindo Air said: “We are thrilled to partner with both Avolon and Boeing to take the delivery of the world’s first Boeing 737 MAX aircraft. The Boeing 737NG fleet has served Malindo well in its growth and we believe that the 737 MAX aircraft will become the center piece of our fleet. These new aircraft will allow us to go to further destinations and will play a key role in providing lower air fares to our customers. Malindo will be undergoing a re-branding to Batik Air Malaysia within 2017.” About Avolon Headquartered in Ireland, with offices in the United States, Dubai, Singapore, Hong Kong and Shanghai, Avolon provides aircraft leasing and lease management services. Avolon is a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of Bohai Capital Holding Co., Ltd., a Chinese public company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SLE: 000415). Avolon is the world’s third largest aircraft leasing business with a pro-forma owned, managed and committed fleet, as of 31 March, 2017 of 850 aircraft valued at c. US$43 billion. Website: www.avolon.aero Twitter: @avolon_aero About Boeing Boeing is the world's largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defense, space and security systems. Boeing has a long tradition of aerospace leadership and innovation and continues to expand its product line and services to meet emerging customer needs. With corporate offices in Chicago, Boeing supports airlines and U.S. and allied government customers in 150 countries and employs approximately 150,000 people across the United States and in more than 65 countries around the world. For information on Boeing, please visit www.boeing.com. Twitter: @boeingairplanes About Malindo Air With main hubs at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) and the downtown city airport Subang Skypark in Selangor, Malindo is the fastest growing international carrier in the Lion Group. As of 15 May 2017, it has a fleet of 45 aircraft and flies to 46 destinations across 16 countries. It has interlining services with 4 airlines. Website: www.malindoair.com Contacts Avolon Sean Pattwell T: +353 1 556 4454 Head of Communications & Branding spattwell@avolon.aero or FTI Consulting Jonathan Neilan T:+353 8623 1415 avolon@fticonsulting.com Contacts Avolon Sean Pattwell T: +353 1 556 4454 Head of Communications & Branding spattwell@avolon.aero or FTI Consulting Jonathan Neilan T:+353 8623 1415 avolon@fticonsulting.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Avolon Celebrates Delivery of the World’s First Boeing 737 MAX to Malindo Air DUBLIN & SEATTLE–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Avolon, the international aircraft leasing company, celebrated today the delivery of the world’s first Boeing 737 MAX 8 aircraft to Malindo Air. The delivery took place during a special ceremony at Boeing’s 737 Delivery Centre in Seattle where Avolon, Boeing and CFM International, the aircraft’s engine manufacturer, were present. In addition to today’s delivery, Avolon has commitments for 60 Boeing 737 MAX 8/9 aircraft, delivering through to 2021. This is Avolon’s fifth aircraft on lease to Malindo Air, and is part of a portfolio of 19 aircraft currently on lease to Lion Air Group. Boeing 737 MAX The Boeing 737 MAX is a new-engine variant of the world’s best-selling aircraft and builds on the strengths of today’s Next-Generation 737. The 737 MAX incorporates the latest-technology CFM International LEAP-1B engines to deliver the highest efficiency, reliability and passenger comfort in the single-aisle market. Airlines operating the 737 MAX will see a 14% fuel burn improvement over the most fuel efficient single-aisle current technology aircraft and an 8% operating cost per seat advantage over competing aircraft. John Higgins, Avolon President and CCO, said: “Avolon was one of the first lessors to order the Boeing 737 MAX when it launched in 2011 and we are proud to deliver the world’s first 737 MAX to Malindo Air. It marks the first delivery of Avolon’s commitments of over 60 737 MAX aircraft. Our commitment to our customers is to have a product offering built around the latest and most technically advanced aircraft available in the market.” Kevin McAllister, Boeing Commercial Airplanes President and CEO, said: “This airplane will change the face of the single-aisle market. The 737 MAX 8 is the best in its class, providing unmatched performance and economics for our airline customers.” Chandran Rama Muthy, CEO of Malindo Air said: “We are thrilled to partner with both Avolon and Boeing to take the delivery of the world’s first Boeing 737 MAX aircraft. The Boeing 737NG fleet has served Malindo well in its growth and we believe that the 737 MAX aircraft will become the center piece of our fleet. These new aircraft will allow us to go to further destinations and will play a key role in providing lower air fares to our customers. Malindo will be undergoing a re-branding to Batik Air Malaysia within 2017.” About Avolon Headquartered in Ireland, with offices in the United States, Dubai, Singapore, Hong Kong and Shanghai, Avolon provides aircraft leasing and lease management services. Avolon is a wholly-owned, indirect subsidiary of Bohai Capital Holding Co., Ltd., a Chinese public company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SLE: 000415). Avolon is the world’s third largest aircraft leasing business with a pro-forma owned, managed and committed fleet, as of 31 March, 2017 of 850 aircraft valued at c. US$43 billion. Website: www.avolon.aero Twitter: @avolon_aero About Boeing Boeing is the world’s largest aerospace company and leading manufacturer of commercial jetliners and defense, space and security systems. Boeing has a long tradition of aerospace leadership and innovation and continues to expand its product line and services to meet emerging customer needs. With corporate offices in Chicago, Boeing supports airlines and U.S. and allied government customers in 150 countries and employs approximately 150,000 people across the United States and in more than 65 countries around the world. For information on Boeing, please visit www.boeing.com. Twitter: @boeingairplanes About Malindo Air With main hubs at the Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA) and the downtown city airport Subang Skypark in Selangor, Malindo is the fastest growing international carrier in the Lion Group. As of 15 May 2017, it has a fleet of 45 aircraft and flies to 46 destinations across 16 countries. It has interlining services with 4 airlines. Website: www.malindoair.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Green Bay Packer Jayrone Elliott, UnitedHealthcare Help Beautify Townsend Street School, Announce Second Year of “Blessings in a Backpack” Food Program Next PostNext Community Events Highlight $1 Million in Disaster Relief Grants to Louisiana Search Recent Posts Stingray, the Only Music Service Dedicated to Promoting Canadian Talent from Coast to Coast Lyophilization Services for Biopharmaceuticals, 2017-2027 Real-time Location System(RTLS) 2017 Global Market Size,Status and Forecast to 2022 Aiteo Strengthens Group with the Appointment of International Advisor MIDsource CEO Greg Augustine Announces Firm’s Expansion RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boeing, Malindo Air Celebrate First 737 MAX Delivery SEATTLE, May 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Boeing (NYSE: BA) today marked the first delivery of the new 737 MAX. The airplane, a 737 MAX 8, was handed over to Malindo Air at the Seattle Delivery Center. The Malaysia-based airline will be the first to put the 737 MAX into commercial service. „This airplane will change the face of the single-aisle market,” said Boeing Commercial Airplanes president and CEO Kevin McAllister. „The 737 MAX 8 is the best in its class, providing unmatched performance and economics for our airline customers.” Boeing marked the first delivery of the new 737 MAX to Malindo Air. The airplane is seen here in Malindo’s new Batik Air Malaysia livery. „We are thrilled to partner with Boeing to take the delivery of the world’s first Boeing 737 MAX,” said Chandran Rama Muthy, CEO of Malindo Air. „The Boeing 737NG fleet has served Malindo well in its growth and we believe that the 737 MAX will become the centerpiece of our fleet. These new aircraft will allow us to go to further destinations and will play a key role in providing lower air fares to our customers.” The 737 MAX family is designed to offer the greatest flexibility, reliability and efficiency in the single-aisle market. Every airplane will feature the new Boeing Sky Interior, highlighted by modern sculpted sidewalls and window reveals, LED lighting that enhances the sense of spaciousness and larger pivoting overhead stowage bins. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing’s history. To date, it has received almost 3,700 orders from 87 customers across the world. Contact: Elizabeth Merida 737 MAX Communications 703-209-4022 elizabeth.a.merida@boeing.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-malindo-air-celebrate-first-737-max-delivery-300458738.html SOURCE Boeing CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dresner Partners Announced as Finalist for the 9th Annual International M&A Awards Next PostNext High Purity Gas Market Trends, Consumption, Drivers, Applications and Competitive Landscape 2023 Search Recent Posts How to manage a decentralized blockchain project? CYCJET Portable Handheld Inkjet Printer Is The Best Choice Of Printing The Allen Institute of Artificial Intelligence (AI2) Joins Partnership on AI to Benefit People and Society Medicine Man Technologies Releases First Quarter Results Medicine Man Technologies Releases First Quarter Results RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Boeing, Malindo Air Celebrate First 737 MAX Delivery News provided by Boeing 16 May, 2017, 15:33 ET Share this article SEATTLE, May 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing (NYSE: BA) today marked the first delivery of the new 737 MAX. The airplane, a 737 MAX 8, was handed over to Malindo Air at the Seattle Delivery Center. The Malaysia-based airline will be the first to put the 737 MAX into commercial service. "This airplane will change the face of the single-aisle market," said Boeing Commercial Airplanes president and CEO Kevin McAllister. "The 737 MAX 8 is the best in its class, providing unmatched performance and economics for our airline customers." Boeing marked the first delivery of the new 737 MAX to Malindo Air. The airplane is seen here in Malindo's new Batik Air Malaysia livery. "We are thrilled to partner with Boeing to take the delivery of the world's first Boeing 737 MAX," said Chandran Rama Muthy, CEO of Malindo Air. "The Boeing 737NG fleet has served Malindo well in its growth and we believe that the 737 MAX will become the centerpiece of our fleet. These new aircraft will allow us to go to further destinations and will play a key role in providing lower air fares to our customers." The 737 MAX family is designed to offer the greatest flexibility, reliability and efficiency in the single-aisle market. Every airplane will feature the new Boeing Sky Interior, highlighted by modern sculpted sidewalls and window reveals, LED lighting that enhances the sense of spaciousness and larger pivoting overhead stowage bins. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing's history. To date, it has received almost 3,700 orders from 87 customers across the world. Contact: Elizabeth Merida 737 MAX Communications 703-209-4022 elizabeth.a.merida@boeing.com   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-malindo-air-celebrate-first-737-max-delivery-300458738.html SOURCE Boeing 12 May, 2017, 13:00 ET Preview: Boeing Chairman and CEO Muilenburg to Speak at Bernstein Strategic Decisions Conference June 1 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 11 May, 2017, 05:26 ET Boeing Chairman and CEO Muilenburg to Speak at Bernstein... 11 May, 2017, 05:26 ET Boeing, Primera Air Announce Order for Up to 20 737 MAX 9s Explore More news releases in similar topics Airlines & Aviation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Aerospace & Defense Passenger Aviation Travel Industry You just read: Boeing, Malindo Air Celebrate First 737 MAX Delivery News provided by Boeing 16 May, 2017, 15:33 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Boeing, Malindo Air Celebrate First 737 MAX Delivery SEATTLE, May 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Boeing (NYSE: BA) today marked the first delivery of the new 737 MAX. The airplane, a 737 MAX 8, was handed over to Malindo Air at the Seattle Delivery Center. The Malaysia-based airline will be the first to put the 737 MAX into commercial service. "This airplane will change the face of the single-aisle market," said Boeing Commercial Airplanes president and CEO Kevin McAllister. "The 737 MAX 8 is the best in its class, providing unmatched performance and economics for our airline customers." "We are thrilled to partner with Boeing to take the delivery of the world's first Boeing 737 MAX," said Chandran Rama Muthy, CEO of Malindo Air. "The Boeing 737NG fleet has served Malindo well in its growth and we believe that the 737 MAX will become the centerpiece of our fleet. These new aircraft will allow us to go to further destinations and will play a key role in providing lower air fares to our customers." The 737 MAX family is designed to offer the greatest flexibility, reliability and efficiency in the single-aisle market. Every airplane will feature the new Boeing Sky Interior, highlighted by modern sculpted sidewalls and window reveals, LED lighting that enhances the sense of spaciousness and larger pivoting overhead stowage bins. The 737 MAX is the fastest-selling airplane in Boeing's history. To date, it has received almost 3,700 orders from 87 customers across the world. Contact: Elizabeth Merida 737 MAX Communications 703-209-4022 elizabeth.a.merida@boeing.com   SOURCE Boeing CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Airlines/Aviation, Passenger Aviation, Transportation/Trucking/Railroad, Travel Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ESG Lab Affirms Trifacta’s Photon Compute Engine is the Fastest, Most Efficient Non-Distributed Processing Engine for Data Wrangling Next PostNext Northbound Interstate 55 in Scott County Reduced for Bridge Repairs Search Recent Posts Alternate Health (CSE: $AHG.C, OTC: $AHGIF) Announces Completion of Initial Study to Treat #ZikaVirus Symptoms with Hemp-Derived #Cannabinoids Don’t WannaCry? The Single Best Ransomware Prevention: Backup Computer Now American Electric Power Seeks Bids For Powder River Basin Coal HUD Secretary Carson Highlights Possible Improvements to Homeownership Programs Surfactants used in Agrochemical Market 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast 2021 RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Archives AOWM Archives Postcards of State Capitol Missouri Death Row Harry Snodgrass Contact Us Reporters Affiliates Affiliate Support Sports Bill Pollock Show All Topics Missourinet Your source for Missouri News and Sports Politics & Government Legislature Economy Education High School Sports Weather PostsComments You are here: Home / Military / Missouri officials praise Boeing’s work to help U.S. military Missouri officials praise Boeing’s work to help U.S. military May 16, 2017 By Missourinet Contributor By Jessica Machetta Photo courtesy of Boeing’s website Eastern Missouri Republican Congresswoman Ann Wagner, whose son is an Army Ranger, says lives depend on aircraft like Boeing’s new TX trainer. The airplane manufacturer is trying to land a $16 billion contract with the U.S. Air Force that could lead to an additional 2,000 jobs at its north St. Louis County plant. Boeing wants to build the Air Force 350 of its new TX jets that could be used in training for fighter pilots. “The training that this TX trainer does to give him the leadership, the cover to do what he does on the ground and all of our men and women that serve in the military is grateful beyond belief,” says Wagner. “As a mother, I am grateful beyond belief.” Republican Governor Eric Greitens, a former Navy SEAL, is praising the work of Boeing for its innovation to help arm the nation’s military with the most advanced technology. “As a Navy SEAL, we kept our training as close to the real as possible and that was important,” says Greitens. The U.S. government is expected to award a contract for the project by the end of the year. More than 14,000 Missourians work at the eastern Missouri Boeing plant. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Filed Under: Military, News Sports The Bill Pollock–Who’s the next to leave #Mizzou basketball? Smartest baseball fans? #Royals or #STLCards – hear for yourself (PODCAST) No sooner … [Read More...] Boys high school golf championships-round one results Class … [Read More...] REPORT: Chiefs rookie QB Mahomes robbed at gunpoint According … [Read More...] #Mizzou basketball signs Jeremiah Tilmon The Mizzou … [Read More...] The Bill Pollock Show–Remembering umpire Steve Palermo, and your Mom/Sports phone calls (PODCAST) If you're … [Read More...] More Sports Missourinet Sports Poll Check out Bill Pollock's Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @missourisports Archives Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 July 2007 June 2007 May 2007 April 2007 March 2007 February 2007 January 2007 December 2006 November 2006 October 2006 September 2006 August 2006 July 2006 June 2006 May 2006 April 2006 March 2006 February 2006 January 2006 December 2005 November 2005 October 2005 September 2005 August 2005 July 2005 June 2005 May 2005 April 2005 March 2005 February 2005 January 2005 December 2004 November 2004 October 2004 September 2004 August 2004 July 2004 June 2004 May 2004 April 2004 March 2004 February 2004 January 2004 December 2003 November 2003 October 2003 September 2003 August 2003 July 2003 June 2003 May 2003 April 2003 March 2003 February 2003 January 2003 December 2002 November 2002 October 2002 September 2002 August 2002 July 2002 June 2002 May 2002 April 2002 March 2002 February 2002 January 2002 December 2001 November 2001 October 2001 September 2001 August 2001 July 2001 June 2001 May 2001 April 2001 March 2001 February 2001 January 2001 December 2000 November 2000 October 2000 September 2000 August 2000 July 2000 June 2000 May 2000 April 2000 March 2000 January 2000 Across Our Wide Missouri Opinion/Editorials Copyright © 2017 · Learfield News & Ag, LLC
Investing Trading Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor My Favorite "Medical Marijuana" Biotech Just Made This Gutsy Call I learned a lot of things during the three decades I’ve spent watching, chronicling and digging deep into the machinations of the world’s public companies. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades D.R. Barton's10-Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Options Technology Energy HOME Hot Topics Stocks to Buy "New Fuel" Marijuana Stocks Stocks Under $5 North Korea Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Our Top Stocks to Watch Today Are SHLD, DKS, and BA Message: URL: https://mney.co/2rckX0t  +  seven  =  16 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Our Top Stocks to Watch Today Are SHLD, DKS, and BA Message: URL: https://mney.co/2rckX0t four  ×  4  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Access Your Profit Alerts Twitter Follow topicFollow Stocks to Watchno responses Stocks Our Top Stocks to Watch Today Are SHLD, DKS, and BA By Ashley Moore, Associate Editor, Money Morning • May 16, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website eight  −   =  seven Video Boeing: The Ultimate Comeback Stock Two of the top stocks to watch today (Tuesday, May 16) are both tanking and have now fallen at least 13% in the last month. The third stock we're watching is higher this morning after bullish ownership news. Both stocks that are tanking this morning are retail stocks. We've been warning readers about the death of retail stocks for months. Today's performance is proving us right. Vendor concerns about payment are sinking the first stock. The second stock is tanking due to disappointing earnings. Let's take a closer look at Sears Holdings Corp. (Nasdaq: SHLD), Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA), and Dicks Sporting Goods Inc. (NYSE: DKS). Top Stocks to Watch Today: Sears Holdings Corp. (Nasdaq: SHLD) Sears is continuing its downward spiral that started May 10. Since then, the stock is down 24%, while the Dow has remained mostly flat. Sears stock is down another 2.5% in morning trading today. The traditional retailer has been struggling for years, but in its annual report, the company expressed concerns about its ability to stay in business. In the report, the company also cited vendor financing as a possible concern; however, the firm did not provide specifics (you can see the full story here). It is one of the reasons investors are concerned about the company's ability to stay in business. Yesterday, CEO Eddie Lampert publicly went after Sears' vendors in a blog post. One World is a vendor he singled out, accusing the company of trying to take advantage of the bad press surrounding Sears' financials. In the blog post, Lampert does admit that the stories have some merit to them but are obviously written to incite fear. However, the fact that there is some merit to the stories has been enough to spook investors. If you followed Money Morning Chief Investment Strategist Keith Fitz-Gerald, you would have been perfectly positioned to cash in on the investor panic over the last week. Fitz-Gerald has urged readers to short Sears since January 2012. Since that time, the stock has lost over 70% of its value, while the Dow has gained 70%. Must See: This kind of data could put 143 companies out of business, jeopardize 14.8 million American jobs, and eradicate $297 billion from the markets. But if you have access to it, you could learn how to become $1.6 million richer. Get your copy now – before it's too late… Why SHLD is a must-watch today: Sears has been in decline for at least five years, falling 85% in that time. It is unlikely the company will be able to turn things around any time soon. In fact, we at Money Morning expect Sears to declare bankruptcy sometime in the next year. Top Stocks to Watch Today: Dicks Sporting Goods Inc. (NYSE: DKS) Dicks Sporting Goods stock is down 13% in early morning trading after same-store sales missed expectations. The sporting goods retailer saw same-store sales grow 2.4%, below the expected 3%. However, adjusted EPS met analysts' expectations at $0.54. The company expects full-year adjusted EPS to be between $3.65 and $3.75. Analysts expect adjusted EPS to be $3.72. Over the past five years, Dicks has been struggling like most traditional retailers. The stock is down 13.77% over the past five years, while the Dow is up 63% over the same time period. While some investors point to DKS' 4% gain in the past year as a turnaround for the company, the stock has performed terribly so far in 2017. Year to date, the stock is down 21%. Why DKS is a must-watch today: DKS stock is not in turnaround mode, and today's stock price drop is further evidence of that. Ultimately, it is still a struggling retailor that we don't recommend. Slow sales growth is evidence of that struggle. Top Stocks to Watch Today: Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) Boeing stock is rising this morning after it was announced that Meridian Wealth Management bought a $5 million stake, equaling 0.844% ownership of the company, back on March 31. This brings total institutional ownership of the stock up to 77%. Boeing stock is up 2.5% since Meridian purchased its stake. Meanwhile, the Dow is up only 1.2%. The company's resilience and ability to outperform the market is why Money Morning Executive Editor Bill Patalon loves Boeing stock. Since he recommended readers buy Boeing in September 2011, the stock has gained 190%, while the Dow has only gained 86%. Between 2008 and 2009, Boeing stock lost nearly 40%, while the Dow only lost 22%. However, since the end of 2009 until today, Boeing has gained 241%, while the Dow has only gained 100%. Boeing has far outpaced the markets as a whole during the recovery from the Great Recession. Why BA is a must-watch today: Boeing has been on an upward climb for over a year, gaining 38% in that time. Today's ownership announcement just confirms what we already knew. The company remains a great buy. Penny Stock Profits: This investing strategy has generated total peak gains of 17,781% over the last five years, targeting little-known penny stocks backed by America's richest investors. Read more… Follow Money Morning on Twitter @moneymorning, Facebook, and LinkedIn. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: stocks to watch Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website five  ×   =  forty Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT My Favorite "Medical Marijuana" Biotech Just Made This Gutsy Call Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Stocks to Watch (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News May 16, 2017 • By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News Today: Markets Flat on Mixed Earnings and Geopolitical Tensions May 16, 2017 • By Alex McGuire Leave a Comment Top 10 Marijuana Penny Stocks of May 2017 May 16, 2017 • By Jack Delaney Leave a Comment Will an Amazon Stock Split Happen in 2017? Trending Posts 5252 Reads 33 Likes Best Marijuana Stocks to Watch This Week (May 15, 2017) Marijuana stocks are still viewed as speculative investments. But because of full legalization efforts in Canada, that is about to change... 2849 Reads 35 Likes Cash In on the Legal Weed Derivative That's Changing the War on Pain Bill loves this biotech, which focuses on the big problem of chronic pain. He's also showing you how to find more stocks like this one, including in the entirely new area of focus in pain treatment - legal weed... Featured Report Double Your Money on the One Company Cornering the Fastest-Growing Defense Industry America is facing an unprecedented threat from malicious actors in cyberspace seeking to harness digital networks to inflict physical harm on millions of people. Of the entire cybersecurity sector, one company is uniquely positioned to stop these threats – and reward investors who get in now with triple-digit gains... Enter your email below to get the report. Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Today's Markets DJIA -2.19 (0.01%) 20,979.75 NASDAQ 20.20 (0.33%) 6,169.87 S&P -1.65 (0.07%) 2,400.67 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Small-Cap Rocket Alert Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube Connect with Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Stocks to Watch (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
T-X training jet could be assembled in St. Louis, if Boeing gets the contract | St. Louis Public Radio skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu News Arts & Culture Economy & Innovation Education Election St. Louis 2017 Health, Science, Environment One Year in Ferguson Politics & Issues Latest STLPR Newscast Programs Programs A-Z Schedules Cut & Paste Jazz Unlimited Millennium Mayor Politically Speaking STL History in Black & White St. Louis on the Air St. Louis Symphony We Live Here Station Info Station Info Classical KWMU-3 Jazz KWMU-2 The Bridge WQUB-2 Quincy Public Radio WQUB Blog: Inside STLPR Employment Internships Facility Rentals Contact Us Events Events Annual Dinner Arianna String Quartet Kitchen Sink Series Metroquest Public Radio On Tap Ways to Connect Contact Us Curious Louis E-Newsletters Generation Listen STL Listening Options Mobile App Podcasts/RSS Public Insight Network Ways to Give Donate Learn More Sustaining Membership Cornerstone Society Corporate Support Vehicle Donation Other Ways to Give Search Menu News Arts & Culture Economy & Innovation Education Election St. Louis 2017 Health, Science, Environment One Year in Ferguson Politics & Issues Latest STLPR Newscast Programs Programs A-Z Schedules Cut & Paste Jazz Unlimited Millennium Mayor Politically Speaking STL History in Black & White St. Louis on the Air St. Louis Symphony We Live Here Station Info Station Info Classical KWMU-3 Jazz KWMU-2 The Bridge WQUB-2 Quincy Public Radio WQUB Blog: Inside STLPR Employment Internships Facility Rentals Contact Us Events Events Annual Dinner Arianna String Quartet Kitchen Sink Series Metroquest Public Radio On Tap Ways to Connect Contact Us Curious Louis E-Newsletters Generation Listen STL Listening Options Mobile App Podcasts/RSS Public Insight Network Ways to Give Donate Learn More Sustaining Membership Cornerstone Society Corporate Support Vehicle Donation Other Ways to Give Search T-X training jet could be assembled in St. Louis, if Boeing gets the contract By Maria Altman • May 15, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email Boeing's T-X could mean 1,800 direct and in-direct jobs in St. Louis, should the Air Force award the contract to the company. Provided | Boeing Boeing officials announced Monday the company’s decision to assemble the T-X training jet in St. Louis, meaning approximately 1,800 direct and in-direct jobs for the region. But those jobs depend on whether the U.S. Air Force gives Boeing and Saab the contract later this year. Lockheed Martin and the Korean Aerospace Industries’ T-50A and the Italian company Leonardo along with its U.S. subsidiary DRS are also competing for the aircraft, which will replace the T-38. Elected officials, including Missouri Gov. Eric Greitens, pledged support to help Boeing win the bid. “I want you to know that my team is going to work with you side-by-side every step of the way, so that we can win this contract so that Boeing can building the T-X right here in St. Louis, Missouri,” Greitens told a crowd at the announcement. After the event, the governor told reporters his administration will make the case to the secretary of defense and the Trump administration about the importance of building the jet in St. Louis. (Greitens said he was also working to ensure the business recruiting arm of the state, the Missouri Partnership, would get funding after being eliminated from the state’s budget by lawmakers.) Sen. Claire McCaskill said she has confidence in Boeing’s T-X because of its history of producing capable aircraft on-time and on-budget, such as the F/A-18 Super Hornet. The Democrat said she expects the Air Force will take into account that the T-50A is being heavily subsidized by the South Korean government. “That’s why I’m hopeful that a full and fair competition will take into account that the competitor is getting some subsidization from a foreign country, that will bring this aircraft here to St. Louis,” McCaskill said, “because the men and women of Boeing deserve it and America’s military deserves it.” The Air Force plans to buy 350 aircraft. The contract’s estimated worth is $16 billion and likely would mean production into the 2030s. “Our highly skilled St. Louis workforce designed, assembled and brought Boeing T-X to life, and the continue to define the future, not just for our company, but for our customers and the global aerospace industry,” said Shelly Lavender, St. Louis senior executive and president of Boeing Military Aircraft. Boeing unveiled two T-X aircraft with its partner Saab last September. Test flights of both aircraft took place in December and again last month. The Air Force is expected to make a decision later this year. Follow Maria on Twitter: @radioaltman Tags:  Boeing T-X Top Stories TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. Related Content Boeing moving Defense, Space and Security HQ out of St. Louis; most jobs to stay By Maria Altman & Wayne Pratt • Dec 13, 2016 Maria Altman| St. Louis Public Radio Boeing will move its defense unit from St. Louis to Arlington, Virginia. A spokesman Tuesday confirmed the decision, which was made by senior management. Boeing's defense headquarters have been in St. Louis since the 1997 merger with McDonnell Douglas. McCaskill appears to side with Boeing, for now, in dispute over Air Force One By Jo Mannies • Dec 6, 2016 Air Force photo | Wikipedia Updated with Trump's latest comments: U.S. Sen. Claire McCaskill is continuing to hammer away at some GOP hints that Republicans might try to trim or privatize Medicare and Social Security. But on Tuesday, she also took on an issue closer to home – defending Boeing Co. from President-elect Donald Trump. Trump, a Republican, caused Boeing’s stock to briefly go into freefall Tuesday after he tweeted that he wanted to cancel the aircraft giant’s contract to build new Air Force One aircraft. Trump claimed the price was too high. Boeing opens facility to build commercial airplane parts By Maria Altman • Oct 13, 2016 Maria Altman| St. Louis Public Radio Boeing’s new facility will start production of composite parts for the 777X commercial jet in January. The company held a ribbon cutting for a new 424,000-square-foot plant on Thursday. Eventually Boeing expects to hire about 700 employees for production on the 777X in St. Louis. Boeing unveils prototype to train next generation of Air Force pilots By Eli Chen • Sep 13, 2016 Eli Chen Boeing unveiled a fighter jet model at the company's St. Louis factory today in its bid to replace the U.S. Air Force's aging pilot trainer aircraft.  Boeing and Swedish automaker Saab collaborated for nearly three years on the T-X model, which is designed to train Air Force pilots. The company did not disclose the plane's cost, but it is marketed as being more affordable and flexible than older models. Since the 1960s, the Air Force has trained more than 60,000 pilots on Northrop Grumman's T-38 Talon, which also has been used to train NASA's astronauts. Boeing is competing with Northrop, Raytheon and Lockheed Martin. New Boeing laboratory helps develop drones that can work together By Eli Chen • Aug 10, 2016 Eli Chen Inside a huge warehouse at Boeing’s headquarters in St. Charles, a table-shaped drone rose from the middle of the floor. As intern Edwin Mercado-Colon sat at a computer typing commands, the drone began to move around the room and an unmanned vehicle automatically followed.  But Mercado-Colon wasn’t using a controller to direct the drone. Instead, he picked a destination for the drone without telling it how to get there. “He’s picking a spot in the lab to fly to,” said Mike Abraham, manager of Boeing’s Collaborative Autonomous Systems Laboratory. “That command goes to the vehicle. The vehicle knows where it is because of the motion capture system. It’s determining how to get to the next point, on its own.” Developing unmanned vehicles that can work together on their own represents the latest in drone technology, a global industry that analysts predict could be worth $127 billion by 2020. St. Louis Public Radio is a service of © 2017 St. Louis Public Radio Contact Us Directions & Map Listening Options Membership News & On-Air Staff
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Flo Groberg, Boeing’s director of veterans outreach and Medal of Honor recipient, prepares to throw out the ceremonial first pitch at the Mariners Salute to Armed Forces game, sponsored by Boeing. sponsored Boeing hits it out of the park for veterans and their families Boeing Tue May 16th, 2017 1:30am Marketplace You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Flo Groberg has seen and experienced more than most people can imagine. After enlisting in the U.S. Army, Groberg served in combat operations in Afghanistan in 2012. For his heroism while deployed there he earned the Medal of Honor, the United States’ highest military decoration. It is awarded to those who distinguish themselves by acts of valor above and beyond the call of duty. Today, Groberg serves as Boeing’s director of veterans outreach, responsible for developing and implementing a company-wide giving and engagement strategy for Boeing’s support of military veterans and their families. Over the weekend of April 15, Groberg threw the ceremonial first pitch at the annual Seattle Mariners Salute to Armed Forces baseball game, sponsored each year by Boeing. Despite Groberg’s demonstrated ability to remain calm under pressure, he said throwing the pitch in front of 35,000 cheering Major League Baseball fans is a unique test of fortitude. “It’s nerve-wracking,” Groberg confesses. “But it’s worth the nerves to be able to represent all of my colleagues at Boeing as well as all my brothers and sisters in the military. I’m particularly proud that there are more than 20,000 U.S. veterans, like me, who work for Boeing today.” More than 10,000 employees with a military background work for Boeing in Washington state. Before his moment on the mound, Groberg met with members of the Puget Sound branch of the Boeing Employees Veterans Association (BEVA) which boasts more than 1,000 members. He shared how Boeing is redoubling its focus around veterans and transitioning members of the military. The company is investing more heavily in programs that provide high-quality training and skill development programs for veterans and their families, as well as programs that assist veterans with recovery and rehabilitation, he said. Most Read Couple pays $5,495 owed for lunches at Marysville schools MARYSVILLE — On Friday, Tom and Christy Lee called the Marysville School… May 16th, 2017 by Chris Winters Failed Granite Falls off-road track sues for lost dirt money EVERETT — A lawsuit over an off-road motorcycle track once planned near… May 15th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Study: Crumb rubber cancer risk ‘at or below 1 in a million’ EVERETT — Tests conducted of crumb rubber sports fields in five cities,… May 15th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer What's Up With That? Iconic OMG! Lake Stevens spaceship house faces demolition It’s that wacky house that doesn’t look like any other home in… May 16th, 2017 by Andrea Brown See what you’d look like as a Funko character Here’s the must-do diversion of the day: See what you would look… May 15th, 2017 by Jim Davis © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
May 17, 2017 Search for: Home News Archive Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store Breaking News [ May 16, 2017 ] Fourth satellite for Inmarsat’s global broadband network launched by SpaceX Falcon 9 [ May 16, 2017 ] Video: Press site view of Falcon 9’s Monday evening takeoff Falcon 9 [ May 16, 2017 ] Watch a replay of SpaceX’s Falcon 9 launch with Inmarsat 5 F4 Falcon 9 [ May 15, 2017 ] Photos: Falcon 9 rocket, fourth Inmarsat 5-series satellite prepared for launch Falcon 9 [ May 15, 2017 ] Live coverage: SpaceX succeeds in commercial satellite launch Falcon 9 Twitter Facebook Fourth satellite for Inmarsat’s global broadband network launched by SpaceX May 16, 2017 Stephen Clark Updated at 1 p.m. EDT (1700 GMT) May 16 with orbit figures. Credit: SpaceX A Boeing-built satellite on the way to join Inmarsat’s globe-spanning network geared to beam Internet and data transmission capacity to airline passengers, maritime crews and military personnel flew into orbit Monday from NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida aboard an expendable Falcon 9 rocket. The satellite is the fourth member of Inmarsat’s broadband communications fleet, a $1.6 billion initiative named Global Xpress conceived to connect aircraft, ships at sea, and mobile users on land through an umbrella of worldwide Ka-band beams. The two-stage rocket, towering 229 feet (70 meters) tall, was stripped of recovery hardware to give the 6.7-ton Inmarsat 5 F4 payload the boost it needed toward an eventual circular geostationary orbit 22,300 miles (35,800 kilometers) over the equator. The Falcon 9 booster ignited its nine Merlin 1D main engines in the last three seconds of a smooth countdown, passed a computer health check, and soared skyward from launch pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida at 7:21 p.m. EDT (2321 GMT). Generating 1.7 million pounds of thrust, the nine kerosene-fueled main engines propelled the Falcon 9 toward the east into a cloud-free blue sky, trailing a plume of fiery exhaust as it exceeded the speed of sound and left a rumble in its wake across Florida’s Space Coast. The first stage engines turned off around T+plus 2 minutes, 45 seconds, and the booster stage detached to fall into the Atlantic Ocean on a destructive plunge. The heavy weight of the Inmarsat 5 F4 satellite, which weighed 13,417 pounds (6,086 kilograms) at liftoff, required all of the Falcon 9’s energy, leaving no propellant left over for the first stage to slow down for a landing. SpaceX normally guides its Falcon 9 first stages toward landing targets at Cape Canaveral or offshore in the ocean in a bid to refurbish and reuse the boosters. The launcher’s single second stage engine ignited moments after the booster fell away at an altitude of around 50 miles (80 kilometers), firing for nearly six minutes to inject the Inmarsat 5 F4 satellite into a preliminary parking orbit. The Falcon 9’s composite payload fairing dropped away from the rocket during the second stage engine burn. Credit: Stephen Clark/Spaceflight Now The battery-powered second stage shut down its Merlin engine, raced across the Atlantic at a speed of nearly 5 miles (8 kilometers) per second, and then reignited as it crossed the equator over the Gulf of Guinea. The nearly minute-long engine firing was designed to send Inmarsat 5 F4 into an arcing “supersynchronous” transfer orbit, an egg-shaped loop around Earth with its highest point at an altitude of several tens of thousands of miles. Publicly-available tracking data from the U.S. military indicated Inmarsat 5 F4 was delivered into an elliptical orbit ranging from 236 miles (381 kilometers) to 43,395 miles (68,839 kilometers) in altitude, tilted 24.5 degrees to the equator. Instead, the engine was programmed to fire as long as possible, draining almost all of the propellant from the upper stage’s tanks to place Inmarsat 5 F4 into the highest orbit possible. SpaceX confirmed the rocket reached a good orbit, and the upper stage released the Inmarsat spacecraft just shy of the flight’s 32-minute point. Inmarsat said the new satellite radioed its status to engineers via a ground station in Perth, Australia, at 8:04 p.m. EDT (0004 GMT), verifying the spacecraft was alive and healthy following Monday evening’s blastoff. The on-target deployment gave SpaceX its second successful launch in two weeks, after a Falcon 9 rocketed into orbit with a top secret U.S. government spy payload May 1. More than a half-dozen burns by the satellite’s on-board propulsion system are planned over the next 10 days or so, followed by extension of Inmarsat 5 F4’s power-generating solar panels May 28 to a span of 133 feet (more than 40 meters), wider than the wingspan of a Boeing 737 passenger jet. Then the satellite’s xenon-ion maneuvering jets will take over to fine-tune its path around Earth, settling in a circular orbit directly over Earth’s equator by mid-August, and perhaps sooner if the Falcon 9 placed it into an optimum orbit. The spacecraft will go into a geostationary-type orbit, flying around the planet at the same speed as Earth’s rotation, ensuring the satellite remains over a fixed geographic position. Artist’s concept of an Inmarsat 5-series satellite in orbit. Credit: Boeing Inmarsat 5 F4 should be operational around the end of this year, and its first job will likely be to grow Inmarsat’s broadband network load over Europe, the Middle East, North Africa and the Indian subcontinent, according to Michele Franci, Inmarsat’s chief technology officer. “It’s for passenger connectivity, so it’s wifi services for passengers for web browsing, email, video downloads and uploads,” Franci said of the Global Xpress network. “On ships, our biggest market today is in merchant shipping, and there it will provide a combination of operational services and crew welfare.” Inmarsat 5 F4 joins three nearly identical satellites, all based on the Boeing 702HP spacecraft bus, launched by Russian Proton rockets from 2013 through 2015. The first Inmarsat 5-series satellite entered service over Europe, the Middle East and Africa, the second covers the Atlantic Ocean and the Americas, and a third Inmarsat 5 satellite launched in August 2015 provides coverage to the Asia-Pacific and Australia. Each Inmarsat 5-series Global Xpress satellite carries 89 fixed and six steerable spot beams in Ka-band. The company’s earlier satellites broadcast in L-band, but Inmarsat switched to Ka-band for the Global Xpress system, offering improved downlink communications speeds to 50 megabits per second, with up to 5 megabits per second on the uplink side. The jump in throughput with Global Xpress has attracted airlines and maritime operators to Inmarsat. According to Franci, around 1,000 ships already use Global Xpress services. “The system is working steady, even though we’re still in the introductory phase, but we are already seeing that in many areas there is going to be concentration of traffic,” he said. Rupert Pearce, Inmarsat’s CEO, said May 4 that Global Xpress is now in full commercial service providing passenger broadband connectivity on 80 aircraft operated by Lufthansa, Austrian Airlines and Swiss International Air Lines. The German low-cost carrier Eurowings will start using Global Xpress in a few weeks, he said. Inmarsat also has an agreement to add Global Xpress receivers to aircraft owned by the Malaysian airline AirAsia, and Qatar Airways has announced it intends to install Global Xpress for in-flight wifi on its long-haul planes. Boeing is responsible for selling military-grade Global Xpress Ka-band services to U.S. government and military users. Artist’s illustration of the Global Xpress network with three operating satellites. Monday’s launch delivered a fourth spacecraft to join the network and expand its capacity. Image not to scale. Credit: Inmarsat Established in 1979 to supply emergency satellite-based communications for maritime vessels, Inmarsat has expanded to become a leader in linking on-the-go consumers. The Global Xpress fleet is tailored to connect with passengers and crew on fast-moving airplanes, freighters in the open ocean, military units on battlefields and remote oil and gas industry operators. Originally manufactured as a spare, Inmarsat 5 F4 will add more throughout to the Global Xpress network, and Inmarsat could relocate the satellite during its life to cover different regions. “Whether it’s going to stay (over Europe) for long — long meaning most of its life — or not, that will depend on the other deployments we’re doing and the market demand,” Franci said. “But right now, that’s the area we expect to initially deploy it.” “Because it’s not needed (for) complete global coverage, the role of Inmarsat 5 F4 could change through its life,” said Tony Bates, Inmarsat’s chief financial officer, in a May 4 quarterly conference call with investment analysts. “And obviously, they are for in-orbit redundancy, which would limit it if it was needed for that purpose. But otherwise, it can go off to discrete business opportunities that may differ during its life.” Inmarsat originally booked Inmarsat 5 F4 for a launch on SpaceX’s Falcon Heavy rocket, but delays in the debut of the new commercial mega-booster prompted a switch to the smaller Falcon 9 to avoid a “very significant delay,” Franci said. Inmarsat also moved another satellite off the Falcon Heavy last year, booking it on an Ariane 5 rocket launch from SpaceX rival Arianespace. That spacecraft, owned in partnership by Inmarsat and Greece’s Hellas-Sat, will lift off June 28 from French Guiana. Franci said Inmarsat has contract options to launch more satellites with SpaceX in the future, but no firm payload assignments have been made. Monday’s launch debuted an upgrade to the Falcon 9 rocket’s second stage intended to speed up fueling during launch countdowns, allowing liquid oxygen and helium pressurant to be simultaneously loaded into the launcher. Investigators blamed a Falcon 9 rocket explosion at Cape Canaveral’s pad 40 last September on voids in the skin of high-pressure helium tanks immersed in super-cold liquid oxygen inside the launcher’s second stage. Liquid oxygen became trapped, and perhaps froze, in the openings, leading to friction that eventually caused the rocket to explode, destroying an Israeli-owned communications satellite during a countdown rehearsal. After an engineering inquiry settled on a probable cause for the mishap, SpaceX said future countdown sequences would change to load helium into the rocket before liquid oxygen, a modification the company said would avoid the problem. At the same time, SpaceX said it would make hardware changes to the rocket to permanently fix the helium tank concern. Those unspecified safety upgrades made their way into the Falcon 9 that launched Monday. A SpaceX official said the next two Falcon 9 flights in June will not have the helium tank modification, but then all future rockets will incorporate the change. SpaceX ground crews are preparing for four more launches by the end of June, with the next Falcon 9 flight slated for June 1 with a Dragon supply ship to ferry experiments and equipment to the International Space Station. Liftoff of the Dragon capsule — the first SpaceX cargo craft to be reused after a previous space station mission — is scheduled for approximately 5:55 p.m. EDT (2155 GMT) June 1 from pad 39A. Another Falcon 9 rocket is being primed for blastoff from the Kennedy Space Center on June 15 with BulgariaSat 1, Bulgaria’s first communications satellite. That launcher will fly with a previously-used first stage, the second time SpaceX will have re-flown a Falcon 9 booster. Two more Falcon 9 missions in late June will launch from the Kennedy Space Center and Vandenberg Air Force Base in California. The Intelsat 35e telecom satellite, a trans-Atlantic video, data and broadband relay station, has a launch window some time between June 26 and July 2 from Florida, an Intelsat spokesperson said Monday. The second batch of 10 next-generation satellites for Iridium’s mobile telephone and data messaging constellation is supposed to launch June 29 from California. Email the author. Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1. Boeing Boeing 702HP Commercial Space Falcon 9 Global Xpress Inmarsat Inmarsat 5 F4 Kennedy Space Center Launch Launch Pad 39A SpaceX Telecom Related Articles Atlas 5 Video: Sunday’s landing of X-37B at Kennedy Space Center May 7, 2017 Mission Reports Turkish telecommunications satellite lifts off from Baikonur October 16, 2015 Atlas 5 Live coverage: Atlas 5 countdown and launch journal October 1, 2015 News Headlines Fourth satellite for Inmarsat’s global broadband network launched by SpaceX May 16, 2017 Video: Press site view of Falcon 9’s Monday evening takeoff May 16, 2017 Watch a replay of SpaceX’s Falcon 9 launch with Inmarsat 5 F4 May 16, 2017 Photos: Falcon 9 rocket, fourth Inmarsat 5-series satellite prepared for launch May 15, 2017 Live coverage: SpaceX succeeds in commercial satellite launch May 15, 2017 Home News Archive Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store © 1999-2017 Spaceflight Now Inc. Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 26 mins S&P 500 2,400.67 -1.65 (-0.07%) Dow 30 20,979.75 -2.19 (-0.01%) Nasdaq 6,169.87 +20.20 (+0.33%) SpaceX’s sixth successful launch in 2017 puts Elon Musk’s company on pace to beat its rivals Tim Fernholz Quartz May 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Falcon 9 Inmarsat Elon Musk SpaceX LaunchMore Flying the biggest satellite that SpaceX has ever launched, weighing in at more than 6 metric tons, proved a routine piece of business for the company’s Falcon 9 rocket yesterday. The Inmarsat-owned satellite, built by Boeing, was originally scheduled to fly on a larger rocket, the Falcon Heavy, that SpaceX hopes to debut later this year. Flying the big bird on a smaller rocket required some sacrifices on SpaceX’s part—the first stage booster could not be recovered for potential re-use, for example, since much of the fuel necessary would be used in flight. But the success puts the company on a path to finally hit its long-dreamed-of high-speed launch cadence. Silicon Valley has idolized Steve Jobs for decades—and it’s finally paying the price SpaceX has been hoping to out-fly its competitors for the last several years, planning on a dozen to even 18 launches in a single calendar year. But in 2015, a mid-flight explosion grounded SpaceX’s rocket for six months, putting a kibosh on those plans, and a 2016 refueling mishap required four months of work to ensure the rocket was ready for flight. Now, having launched six rockets before the halfway point of 2017, the company looks set to hit its goals and finally fly more rockets than its incumbent competitors, the Boeing-Lockheed Martin joint venture United Launch Alliance, and the European champion Arianespace. That’s striking, given that SpaceX’s first commercial mission was in 2012. (ULA was formed in 2006, and Arianespace in 1980.) View photos 20 misused English words that make smart people look silly This year, Arianespace has been the victim of circumstance, with its major spaceport becoming a pawn in a political battle between impoverished French Guianans and the mainland French government. The protests have now been resolved, allowing the company to start launching again. For the rest of this year, SpaceX has plenty to do. It will launch a Bulgarian television satellite, and communications birds for Intelsat, Iridium, SES, and Echostar. It is expected to launch satellites on behalf of Taiwan and South Korea. And the company plans to launch its own demonstration satellite to provide internet access. Perhaps most importantly, it will fly three missions to the International Space Station for NASA, as well as demonstrating an uncrewed flight of its new astronaut-carrying space capsule. Plus, it expects to fly the experimental Falcon Heavy. That’s a lot of work—at least a dozen more missions—and it will require the company’s engineers and technicians to move fast and carefully, with no major mishaps. The company’s goal has long been a mission cadence of one flight every two weeks, a pace it hit this month and in March but has yet to sustain over time. The tiny signals of progress are there—during yesterday’s launch, the company began loading liquid oxygen into the rocket ten minutes later than usual, part of an effort to compress and shorten the countdown process. The rewards of frequent launches are clear: Besides establishing the Falcon 9’s reliability, and the constant stream of data used by engineers after every launch to refine the vehicle, each launch represents revenue won by SpaceX. While the company brushed off financial concerns after its 2016 mishap, with officials noting that it had no debt and $1 billion in cash on its books, replenishing its coffers will give SpaceX greater security and more resources to tackle big projects ahead—including its mooted satellite internet constellation and an inter-planetary transportation system for reaching Mars.   Sign up for the Quartz Daily Brief, our free daily newsletter with the world’s most important and interesting news. More stories from Quartz: A simple facial cue that hints at whether you’re part of the 1% Neil Gaiman has the perfect anecdote to soothe anyone with imposter syndrome Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Elon Musk's SpaceX launches its heaviest satellite yet but didn't try to recover the Falcon 9 rocket CNBC Tonight, watch SpaceX launch one of its heaviest satellites yet The Verge Elon Musk's SpaceX shortchanged its workers and now it must pay CNBC.com Watch SpaceX successfully launch Inmarsat's bus-sized satellite, one of its largest payloads yet International Business Times SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket sends Inmarsat telecom satellite to high-flying orbit GeekWire What It Really Costs to Go to Walt Disney World Money Why one couple feels like they're scraping by on $500K a year Yahoo Finance Trump is the wrong kind of businessperson to be president Yahoo Finance Mars rover reaches site that scientists still can’t explain BGR News What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, May 17 Yahoo Finance Video ‘Injustice 2’ review: Kneel before this sublime superhero fighter Yahoo Finance Steve Kerr yells the same thing every time Draymond Green shoots a 3 as part of the unusual way he manages the Warriors star Business Insider Watch the US Marine Corps' F-35 run and gun for the first time Business Insider YouTubers are drilling holes in iPhones to turn them into $5 fidget spinners Business Insider Earth’s Magnetic Field Is about to Flip—and a ‘Giant Lava Lamp’ in Earth’s Core Is Driving Force Newsweek Stocks take latest Trump drama in stride Yahoo Finance Video Clapper: US govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing Dan: At least the tide has turned against Trump. That was a necessary and important beginning. A majority of Americans neither believe him, trust him, nor support him. With each passing week of idiocy from this White House, that power against him grows. It will be a juggernaut that will not be stopped, and Trump will spiral into greater anger, bitterness and loathing toward the majority of America's citizenry. He and his stalwart supporters are an increasing minority, and in time will be swept aside by more rational thinking. It takes a while to straighten out a big ship travelling stormy waters, but it will be righted. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.3k
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 26 mins S&P 500 2,400.67 -1.65 (-0.07%) Dow 30 20,979.75 -2.19 (-0.01%) Nasdaq 6,169.87 +20.20 (+0.33%) Boeing Delivers First 737 Max to Lion Air Julie Johnsson Bloomberg May 16, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share  More Boeing Co. delivered the first 737 Max to the jetliner’s largest customer, Lion Mentari Airlines PT, a step toward reaping a cash bounty from the best-selling aircraft in company history. The Tuesday hand-off to Lion’s Malaysia affiliate, Malindo Airways, was only one day later than first scheduled after the U.S. planemaker quickly recovered from a possible engine manufacturing defect, which had grounded the fledgling Max fleet last week. Before that hiccup, the upgraded 737 had coasted through development and flight-testing months ahead of schedule -- a rarity in an industry where delays are the norm. The 737 and Airbus SE’s A320 family are the sturdy workhorses for budget carriers worldwide, built to withstand multiple short flights a day. And thanks to manufacturing scale and processes honed over decades, they are the biggest profit generators for the planemakers, one reason why investors have closely watched the progress of the latest Boeing single-aisle jet so closely. More from Bloomberg.com: Trump Claims ‘Absolute Right’ to Disclose Information to Russia The Max “is the most important program at Boeing both now and in the future,” said George Ferguson, senior air transport analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. “It is the cash generator and they can’t screw it up.” Boeing is counting on smooth sailing for the 737 Max, the newest member of the jet family dating back about fifty years. That is essential if the Chicago-based company is to make good on the cash it has promised to return to investors as production slows for the 777, the second-largest source of profit, ahead of a transition to a new model. More from Bloomberg.com: Rich Retirees Are Hoarding Cash Out of Fear Net Orders The Max family had netted 3,714 orders through the end of April, with the bulk of sales coming from the midsize -8. That jet, the first to debut, promises 8 percent lower operating costs than Airbus’s A320neo jets from upgrades that include new fuel-efficient engines and winglets. To convert that order backlog to cash, Boeing is in the process of speeding output at the Renton, Washington, factory where the jets are manufactured by 12 percent this year to a 47-jet monthly pace. Additional step-ups are planned for 2018 and 2019. More from Bloomberg.com: Mom-and-Pop Joints Are Trouncing America's Big Restaurant Chains If all goes to plan, current-generation 737 planes and the Max will generate about $25 billion in revenue this year, about 27 percent of the company total, according to Ferguson. He estimates Boeing will reap about $4 billion in operating profit from the single-aisle jets in 2017, 43 percent of its total. The manufacturer plans to roll out three other models in addition to the Max 8 headed to Malindo. And the company’s salesforce is working to find customers for a possible stretched model, the Max 10, ahead of a possible debut in Paris next month. More from Bloomberg.com The President No One Wants to Talk To McConnell Calls for ‘Apolitical’ FBI Director, Less Trump Drama 25 Million Americans Could Find Mortgage Tax Break Useless Under Trump’s Plan Read Boeing Delivers First 737 Max to Lion Air on bloomberg.com Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Boeing resumes some 737 Max aircraft test flights in Renton Puget Sound Business Journal Boeing's keeping major Japanese suppliers in the dark about its 'Middle of the Market' jets plans Puget Sound Business Journal Boeing Gets Regulatory Approval to Deliver 737 MAX The Street Boeing Wins $59M Deal to Aid MOKV Technology Risk Reduction Zacks Boeing makes first 737 Max 8 delivery to Malaysian airline Malindo Air Puget Sound Business Journal What It Really Costs to Go to Walt Disney World Money Why one couple feels like they're scraping by on $500K a year Yahoo Finance Trump is the wrong kind of businessperson to be president Yahoo Finance What to Watch in the Markets Wednesday, May 17 Yahoo Finance Video ‘Injustice 2’ review: Kneel before this sublime superhero fighter Yahoo Finance Steve Kerr yells the same thing every time Draymond Green shoots a 3 as part of the unusual way he manages the Warriors star Business Insider Watch the US Marine Corps' F-35 run and gun for the first time Business Insider YouTubers are drilling holes in iPhones to turn them into $5 fidget spinners Business Insider Stocks take latest Trump drama in stride Yahoo Finance Video The simple reason so many companies were hit by the WannaCry 2.0 ransomware Yahoo Finance James Comey created records of 'improper' phone calls and meetings he had with Trump Business Insider Trump is the wrong kind of businessperson to be president Steve: He sucked as a CEO running 4 companies bankrupt. He sucks as POTUS running the Country into the ground. LOCK HIM UP!! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.1k
Greitens says Missouri Partnership will be funded | St. Louis Public Radio skip to main content Site Menu Donate Menu News Arts & Culture Economy & Innovation Education Election St. Louis 2017 Health, Science, Environment One Year in Ferguson Politics & Issues Latest STLPR Newscast Programs Programs A-Z Schedules Cut & Paste Jazz Unlimited Millennium Mayor Politically Speaking STL History in Black & White St. Louis on the Air St. Louis Symphony We Live Here Station Info Station Info Classical KWMU-3 Jazz KWMU-2 The Bridge WQUB-2 Quincy Public Radio WQUB Blog: Inside STLPR Employment Internships Facility Rentals Contact Us Events Events Annual Dinner Arianna String Quartet Kitchen Sink Series Metroquest Public Radio On Tap Ways to Connect Contact Us Curious Louis E-Newsletters Generation Listen STL Listening Options Mobile App Podcasts/RSS Public Insight Network Ways to Give Donate Learn More Sustaining Membership Cornerstone Society Corporate Support Vehicle Donation Other Ways to Give Search Menu News Arts & Culture Economy & Innovation Education Election St. Louis 2017 Health, Science, Environment One Year in Ferguson Politics & Issues Latest STLPR Newscast Programs Programs A-Z Schedules Cut & Paste Jazz Unlimited Millennium Mayor Politically Speaking STL History in Black & White St. Louis on the Air St. Louis Symphony We Live Here Station Info Station Info Classical KWMU-3 Jazz KWMU-2 The Bridge WQUB-2 Quincy Public Radio WQUB Blog: Inside STLPR Employment Internships Facility Rentals Contact Us Events Events Annual Dinner Arianna String Quartet Kitchen Sink Series Metroquest Public Radio On Tap Ways to Connect Contact Us Curious Louis E-Newsletters Generation Listen STL Listening Options Mobile App Podcasts/RSS Public Insight Network Ways to Give Donate Learn More Sustaining Membership Cornerstone Society Corporate Support Vehicle Donation Other Ways to Give Search Greitens says Missouri Partnership will be funded By Maria Altman • May 15, 2017 TweetShareGoogle+Email Updated May 15 with comments from Gov. Greitens — Governor Eric Greitens says the Missouri Partnership will be funded. The business recruiting arm of the state was expected to get $2.25 million in state funding, but Missouri legislators eliminated the line item completely in the budget for next fiscal year. Greitens says his administration is looking for ways to get the funding back. "We’ve actually started talking already with folks within the Department of Economic Development and across government to make sure that we have all of the funding we need to make sure that the Partnership, which is very important, is able to continue its work," Greitens said. "I can guarantee that we will.” The Republican governor made those comments after Boeing announced its T-X training jet will be assembled in St. Louis, if the Air Force gives it the contract. Greitens says his administration will do everything it can to help persuade the Secretary of Defense and the Trump administration that Boeing should get the bid. Original story from May 9: The Missouri Partnership’s role is to attract new jobs and investment into the state. The public-private partnership, created by Republican Gov. Matt Blunt in 2007, was expected to get $2.25 million in state funding for Fiscal Year 2018. Instead, the money for the Missouri Partnership vanished. While $2.25 million was in the budget bill passed by the state House, the line item for “business recruitment and marketing” disappeared in the conference between the state House and Senate. Sen. Dan Brown, R-Rolla, the chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee, said no one had it in for the Missouri Partnership. “All of us like the program, it’s just a matter of do you have enough money to go around,” Brown explained in an interview with St. Louis Public Radio. Brown said there’s a will among lawmakers to put the money back in the supplemental budget. But that, he said, will depend on whether state revenues come in as estimated. Officials with the Missouri Partnership said so far this fiscal year the agency has helped attract 3,500 jobs to Missouri and more than $500 million in corporate investments. Credit File photo | St. Louis Public Radio “We are also strongly encouraged by the vocal support that has sprung up across the state and in Jefferson City for the work we do every day to bring investment and jobs to Missouri,” said spokesman Mark Sutherland in an email. “This is a great state, with talented people, and it’s an honor to work to attract economic growth to Missouri.” A spokesman for Gov. Eric Greitens did not return numerous calls and emails for comment. The loss of funding is a concern for Chambers of Commerce around the state, according to Jim Alexander, who is the senior vice president of economic development at the St. Louis Regional Chamber of Commerce. Alexander said the Missouri Partnership markets the state nationally and internationally and helps guide business projects to fruition. “We would like the state to find a solution to this funding issue and get them back on their feet because we wouldn’t want to be in a situation where the Missouri Partnership had to not go forward with their operations,” he said. The Missouri Partnership received about 80 percent of its funding from the state. The public-private partnership also works with the Hawthorn Foundation and the Missouri Department of Economic Development. Its 12-member staff helps vet available business sites, compiles information on communities and workforce and helps determine eligibility for business incentives. Alexander said officials with the Missouri Partnership told him they had enough reserve funds to operate for several months after the new fiscal year, which begins July 1. “We’re hopeful during that time there may be some movement, some ideas where we can get the Missouri Partnership fully funded and back on their feet, so they continue the important work they do for the state,” he said. Alexander said he believed there is strong support for the agency from the governor and among state lawmakers and is confident the funding will become available. Political reporter Jason Rosenbaum contributed to this story. Follow Maria on Twitter: @radioaltman Tags:  Missouri Partnership missouri department of economic development St. Louis Regional Chamber of Commerce Economic Development Top Stories TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. Related Content Missouri’s second-largest trade partner is Mexico; but tariff talk causes uncertainty By Maria Altman • Feb 17, 2017 Illustration by Susannah Lohr | St. Louis Public Radio Mexico purchased $2.56 billion in Missouri goods in 2016. That’s second only to Canada, Missouri’s top export partner, which spent $5.2 billion last year. “Exports are important for a variety of reasons, and in terms of our manufacturers it’s critical,” said Ann Pardalos, the head of the state's International Trade and Investment Office. A part of the Missouri Department of Economic Development, Pardalos’ agency works to help small manufacturers and service providers look at global markets. One way they connect businesses to international markets is through trade fairs, including the Expo Manufactura held in Monterrey, Mexico, last week. Missouri Businesses Push For Medicaid Expansion By Maria Altman • Mar 28, 2014 (Flick/Mark Coggins) Missouri’s business community is getting more vocal in pushing the state’s legislators to expand Medicaid. The St. Louis Regional Chamber held a panel Friday with business leaders who expressed frustration that the state is not capturing federal dollars to provide Medicaid coverage to more low-income residents. This year, the state will pass up $2 billion dollars in federal funds. After the panel discussion, St. Louis Regional Chamber President and CEO Joe Reagan said that Jefferson City needs to get the message. Funding economic development: St. Louis starts weighing in on options By Rachel Lippmann • Jan 11, 2017 Rachel Lippmann | St. Louis Public Radio The committee that handles budget issues for the city of St. Louis went to Cherokee Street Wednesday night to hear from members of the public about a proposed half-cent increase in the sales tax to fund economic development.  Aldermen want to put the measure before voters in April. If approved, the tax would generate an additional $20 million a year. The two dozen speakers were generally supportive of using some of the sales tax revenue to fund a partial north-south expansion of MetroLink. It's what else is, and isn't, in the bill that caused concern. St. Louis Public Radio is a service of © 2017 St. Louis Public Radio Contact Us Directions & Map Listening Options Membership News & On-Air Staff
Jane's 360 Jane's Airport 360 IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events CANSEC 2017 IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Defence HOME DEFENCE C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS C4ISR: AIR ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login C4iSR: Air Boeing pushes 737 as JSTARS replacement for the USAF Gareth Jennings, Seattle - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 16 May 2017 Boeing is pushing its commercial 737 airliner as a solution for the US Air Force's (USAF's) Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (JSTARS) recapitalisation effort, ahead of an expected service platform decision later this year. Speaking at the site of the company's Renton production facility near Seattle, Jamie Burgess, Vice-President and Program Manager for Boeing Military Aircraft's (BMA's) Mobility Surveillance and Engagement division, said that the 737 would offer the USAF all that it needs in a replacement for the ageing Northrop Grumman E-8C JSTARS in terms of size and future growth potential. "The size of the 737 is about right for a [command and control] C2 mission crew that would be spending upwards of 12 hours on an aircraft. To read the full article, Client Login (120 of 872 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Defence: C4ISR & Mission Systems IHS Jane's C4ISR & Mission Systems: Air IHS Jane's Defense Industry Solutions IHS Jane's Defense Industry & Market Intelligence Centre IHS Jane's Defense: News Intelligence Centre Module IHS Jane's DS Forecasting IHS Jane's Offsets Advisory Module IHS Jane's Defence: Platforms IHS Jane's Defence: Air & Space IHS Jane's Defence: Land IHS Jane's Defence: Sea IHS Jane's Defence: Sea Platforms IHS Jane's Fighting Ships IHS Jane's Unmanned Maritime Vehicles IHS Jane's Defence Weekly AMERICAS Wilson becomes 24th US Air Force secretary CBRNE & EOD DEFENCE Japan mulls introducing Aegis Ashore BMD system to counter North Korean threats COUNTRY RISK RNLAF readies for Reaper MILITARY CAPABILITIES Stolen hacking tools reportedly being used in global cyber-attacks COUNTRY RISK US Air Force rescinds F-35A weight restrictions AIR PLATFORMS AMERICAS Wilson becomes 24th US Air Force secretary CBRNE & EOD DEFENCE Japan mulls introducing Aegis Ashore BMD system to counter North Korean threats COUNTRY RISK RNLAF readies for Reaper MILITARY CAPABILITIES Stolen hacking tools reportedly being used in global cyber-attacks COUNTRY RISK US Air Force rescinds F-35A weight restrictions AIR PLATFORMS C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS Aselsan plots clear path for TASMUS C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT IMDEX 2017: Controp launches iSea-20HD EO/IR payload C4ISR: MARITIME Militaries shift to automated cyber defence C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Taiwan receives two Perry-class guided-missile frigates from United States C4ISR: MARITIME US Army terminates XM25 development contract for failed deliveries C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT C4ISR & MISSIONS SYSTEMS Aselsan plots clear path for TASMUS C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT IMDEX 2017: Controp launches iSea-20HD EO/IR payload C4ISR: MARITIME Militaries shift to automated cyber defence C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT Taiwan receives two Perry-class guided-missile frigates from United States C4ISR: MARITIME US Army terminates XM25 development contract for failed deliveries C4ISR: JOINT & COMMON EQUIPMENT IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Wilson becomes 24th US Air Force secretary IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Japan mulls introducing Aegis Ashore BMD system to counter North Korean threats IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Kuwaiti Hornets to get Sniper targeting pods IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Xian MA60 MPA enters service with China Coast Guard, says report IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Australia launches Naval Shipbuilding Plan IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Wilson becomes 24th US Air Force secretary CBRNE & EOD DEFENCE Japan mulls introducing Aegis Ashore BMD system to counter North Korean threats COUNTRY RISK Kuwaiti Hornets to get Sniper targeting pods AIR-LAUNCHED WEAPONS Xian MA60 MPA enters service with China Coast Guard, says report AIR PLATFORMS Australia launches Naval Shipbuilding Plan INDUSTRY FEATURED REPORT Change in the air: development of naval UASs The use of unmanned air systems from ships is growing as navies and maritime security agencies increasingly recognise the operational benefits they can bring. Richard Scott reports Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Jane's Airport 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrieve your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
Latest News Dow 20,980 -2.19 -0.01% Nasdaq 6,170 +20.20 +0.33% S&P 500 2,401 -1.65 -0.07% 3:02 A.M. ET Germany's DAX opens lower by 0.8% to 12,704 3:02 A.M. ET France's CAC 40 opens lower by 0.7% at 5,368.46 3:01 A.M. ET U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens lower by 0.4% at 7,491.28 3:01 A.M. ET Stoxx Europe 600 opens lower by 0.5% at 393.86 2:53 A.M. ET Updated The pound faces these hurdles as it battles to reclaim $1.30 2:50 A.M. ET FTSE 100 futures down 0.3% as U.S. stock futures drop 2:49 A.M. ET DAX 30, CAC 40 index futures down 0.5% as U.S. futures drop 2:46 A.M. ET Euro trading above $1.11 for first time since November 2:38 A.M. ET Opinion 3 ways Macron could change the eurozone for the better 2:38 A.M. ET Lloyds Bank returns to private ownership 2:37 A.M. ET Foxtons revenue falls 25%, but in line with view 2:23 A.M. ET ABN AMRO profit up 30%; progress made on targets 1:33 A.M. ET U.S. stock futures under pressure amid fresh concerns over Trump 1:00 A.M. ET June gold futures up $6.90, or 0.6%, to $1,243.30 an ounce 1:00 A.M. ET Nasdaq 100 futures fall 25.25 points, or 0.4%, to 5,699 1:00 A.M. ET DJIA futures down 96 points, or 0.5%, to 20,839 12:59 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures down 12.35 points, or 0.5%, to 2,384.75 12:59 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures down 12.35 points, or 0.5%, to 2,384.75 12:59 A.M. ET S&P 500 futures down 12.35 points, or 0.5%, to 2,384.75 12:58 A.M. ET Oil prices under pressure amid fresh concerns about U.S. supply Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Global Fiberglass Market for Aerospace Industry to Grow at a CAGR of Almost 5% Through 2021: Technavio By Published: May 16, 2017 5:03 p.m. ET Share LONDON, May 16, 2017 (BUSINESS WIRE) -- According to the latest market study released by Technavio, theglobal fiberglass market for the aerospace industryis expected to reach USD 188.8 million in 2021, according to their latest report. This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170516006504/en/ This research report titled ‘Global Fiberglass Market for the Aerospace Industry 2017-2021’ provides an in-depth analysis of the market in terms of revenue and emerging market trends. This market research report also includes up to date analysis and forecasts for various market segments and all geographical regions. There has been a steady increase in the number of aircraft in service and its orders. As of June 2014, Airbus and Boeing together had over 10,500 aircraft orders. In the same year, around 21,000 aircraft were in service. This number is expected to reach 42,160 over the following two decades. Advances in technology have led to the development of efficient and modern aircraft with reduced weight and fuel consumption. GE, one of the top manufacturers of Airbus, Boeing, and jet engine, are now using fiberglass in aircraft structure and components ranging from fuselages, wings, and cabin interiors to jet engines. The use of fiberglass for aerospace applications is primarily concentrated in Europe and North America. Looking for more information on this market? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio’s analysts categorize the global fiberglass market for the aerospace industry into the following major segments by the application. They are: The top three application segments for the global fiberglass market for aerospace industry are discussed below: Aerospace structural parts The global fiberglass market for aerospace structural parts is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 5% through 2021. The fiberglass is mainly used in making the primary structural parts of aircraft, which include tail fins, fairings, flaps propellers, radomes, air brakes, rotor blades, and motor parts and wing tips. Two types of fiber glasses namely S-glass and S2-glass are mainly used in aircraft due to their high strength. Fiberglass has advantages such as low cost and resistant to chemicals. As a result, they are preferred over other composite materials. Other qualities of fiberglass include impact and fatigue resistance, ideal strength-to-weight ratio. Also, they are non-flammable. According to Ajay Adikari, a lead textile, fiber, and composites research analyst from Technavio, “For reducing the cost and weight of the aircraft, which will further reduce the fuel consumption, there is a constant replacement of metals with composites. Being one of the most efficient material types, fiberglass is highly used in the aerospace industry. With the growing demand for both commercial and passenger aircraft, the market for fiberglass will also increase.” Aerospace flooring, closets, cargo liners, and seating The global fiberglass market for aerospace flooring, closets, cargo liners, and seating is expected to reach USD 56.2 million in 2021. Composites make almost 50% of a modern aircraft and fiberglass is one of the most widely used composites in the aerospace industry. With fuel price increasing significantly, there is a need to reduce the weight in aircraft to improve the fuel efficiency and payload capacity. “Both civilian and military sectors make use of fiberglass aircraft parts and components. These are differentiated by good insulating properties, good formability, tailorable shear properties by layup, and low dielectric properties. Increasing growth in the aerospace industry across regions will propel the market during the forecast period,” adds Ajay. Aerospace luggage bins and storage racks The global fiberglass market for aerospace luggage bins and storage racks is expected to grow at a CAGR of more than 4% by 2021. Fiberglass composites form an integral part of the aircraft luggage bins and storage racks. The long-term aircraft production spending from various countries will make the global aerospace industry to witness a positive growth trend. The growing demand in the travel industry from APAC and the Middle East is driving the demand for fiberglass in the aerospace industry. The top vendors highlighted by Technavio’s research analysts in this report are: Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like metals and minerals , specialty chemicals , and plastics, polymers, and elastomers . This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170516006504/en/ SOURCE: Technavio Research"> <Property FormalName="PrimaryTwitterHandle" Value="@Technavio Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Copyright Business Wire 2017 Most Popular This is one reason why the rich will get richer The shocking details you reveal about yourself when you ‘like’ things on Facebook This is the high-tech country to watch for clues on S&P 500 earnings Asian markets mostly down as dollar continues to fall How the Comey Uproar Threatens Trump's Agenda MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Log In Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Boeing delivers first 737 MAX, with more than 3,700 to go Originally published May 16, 2017 at 1:06 pm Updated May 16, 2017 at 5:22 pm Boeing made its first delivery of the 737 MAX on Tuesday to Malindo Air, which is rebranding as Batik Air Malaysia. (Boeing) Less than a week after a potential manufacturing flaw in a batch of about 30 engines grounded Boeing’s 737 MAX fleet, the FAA cleared Boeing to fly the MAX with the engines that weren’t affected. The jet maker’s first delivery went to Malindo Air, part of Indonesia’s Lion Air. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter The glitch that threatened to spoil Boeing’s smooth progress toward first delivery of its new 737 MAX was overcome quickly, as the jet maker Tuesday handed over the first MAX 8 to Malaysian carrier Malindo Air. The discovery of a potential manufacturing flaw in a batch of engines prompted Boeing on May 10 to temporarily ground its 737 MAX fleet. But Jamie Jewell, a spokeswoman for engine maker CFM International, said the potential problem is confined to “around 30” of its LEAP engines, which have already been taken off airplanes and taken away for inspection. Related Stories The first flight of the Boeing 737 MAX 9, the second version of the new MAX airplane, lands at Boeing Field in Seattle on Thursday April 13, 2017. 201525 Boeing grounds 737 MAX planes over quality issue with engine Boeing needs FAA's OK before 737 MAX jets can resume flights By Friday, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) had cleared Boeing to fly the MAX with unaffected engines. Tuesday’s first delivery of a MAX to an airline suggests the incident may prove a small blip in the jet’s otherwise remarkably untroubled development. Most Read Stories Toxic West Seattle home that sparked insane bidding war replaced with $1.2M box house  VIEW U2 at CenturyLink: Political, passionate, larger than life  VIEW Pioneer Square's F.X. McRory's is moving Dad tries to fathom why son allegedly decapitated his mother Seattle police release dashcam video of officers’ response to Mayor Ed Murray’s homeUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Boeing announced in a brief statement before the delivery that with the FAA’s approval, the 737 MAX “has resumed all flight activities.” The first MAX was officially purchased by aircraft lessor Avolon — part of China’s HNA Group, though headquartered in Ireland — which then leased the jet to Malindo, part of Lion Air Group of Indonesia. The potential engine flaw was discovered during manufacturing of some metal discs that are part of the low pressure turbine at the rear of the engine. One of CFM’s suppliers of those discs had used an incorrect forging process that created a vulnerability to cracks developing in the discs — though none were detected in more than 15 months of flight tests. The affected engines were taken off the airplanes last week and sent for inspection to CFM, which is a joint venture between engine makers GE of the U.S. and Safran of France. “We’re tearing down the engines and identifying which discs have the flaw and which don’t,” Jewell said Tuesday. Delivery schedule It’s unclear at this early stage whether Boeing’s MAX delivery schedule will be slowed by the missing engines now undergoing inspection or if it will be able to maintain the delivery rate previously planned. Certainly, the last-minute glitch spoiled the celebration of what should have been a huge milestone: the first delivery of a new model airplane, with more than 3,700 orders already on the books. The debut of the MAX means Boeing’s counterpart to the Airbus A320neo is at last in service. The Airbus plane entered service 15 months ago, though deliveries of that jet have been severely curtailed by prolonged, continuing performance problems with a different engine: the Pratt & Whitney geared turbofan. If the quality issue on the LEAP is confined to the relatively small number of engines already taken out of service, CFM just has to replace any suspect discs and catch up with engine deliveries for the MAX to get fully back on track. Boeing Commercial Airplanes Chief Executive Kevin McAllister said in a statement that the MAX “will change the face of the single-aisle market.” Chandran Rama Muthy, CEO of Malindo Air, said the airline has been very satisfied with the current model 737 and now plans to make the new 737 MAX the centerpiece of its fleet. The MAX flies farther and is 14 percent more fuel efficient that the current 737. Avolon has commitments for 60 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft, delivering through to 2021. Lion Air Group controls low-cost carrier Lion Air, regional carrier Wings Air, business-jet operator Lion BizJet, and full-service carrier Batik Air, all of Indonesia, and also holds minority stakes in Malaysia’s Malindo Air, and Thailand’s Thai Lion Air. Malindo Air will be renamed Batik Air Malaysia in the second half of this year, and the 737 MAX delivered Tuesday was already decorated in the new brand’s livery. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story France’s ATR delivers first planes to Iran as trade grows Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump James Comey ObamaCare Just In... Study: 6M with pre-existing conditions could be charged more under GOP plan Healthcare — 0s ago Nine protesters injured after Trump-Erdogan meeting: report News — 3h 25m ago Sanders: 'Trump doesn't fully understand' being president Blog Briefing Room — 3h 32m ago Potential 2020 Dems look beyond Trump Campaign — 3h 41m ago Ransomware attack inflames intelligence scrutiny Technology — 3h 42m ago GOP House runoff in SC too close to call Campaign — 3h 54m ago CNN analyst: 'We're in impeachment territory' Blog Briefing Room — 4h 19m ago Trump disclosure of classified intel may have endangered spy: report Administration — 4h 40m ago view all   Why the Navy is switching from 'goddamned steam' catapults By Ellen Mitchell - 05/16/17 04:17 PM EDT 9   © Getty Images A digital launch system installed on the new USS Gerald Ford aircraft carrier has become President Trump’s newest defense industry target. Trump, who since December has bashed cost overruns in the Lockheed Martin-made F-35 fighter jet and the Boeing-produced Air Force One, recently turned his attention to the Navy’s Electro-Magnetic Aircraft Launch System (EMALS).  Rather than use EMALS, Trump said he told the Navy to return to “goddamned steam” catapult technology to launch aircraft from newly built aircraft carriers, according to an interview he did with Time magazine. ADVERTISEMENT But switching the catapult system would cost the Navy millions of dollars extra on a ship already pegged at $12.9 billion, the most expensive vessel in U.S. history, according to defense experts.   Trump’s raised the issue of the catapults when recounting a conversation he had with while touring the Huntington Ingalls Industries’s Newport News, Va., shipyard in early March.   “You know the catapult is quite important,” Trump told Time. “So I said ‘what is this?’ ‘Sir, this is our digital catapult system.’ He said ‘well, we’re going to this because we wanted to keep up with modern [technology].’ I said, ‘You don’t use steam anymore for catapult?’ ‘No sir.’ I said, ‘Ah, how is it working?’ ‘Sir, not good. Not good. Doesn’t have the power. You know the steam is just brutal. You see that sucker going and steam’s going all over the place, there’s planes thrown in the air.'"   But when told about EMALS being used instead, Trump was skeptical of the technology.  “They have digital. What is digital? And it’s very complicated; you have to be Albert Einstein to figure it out. And I said — and now they want to buy more aircraft carriers. I said, ‘What system are you going to be —' ‘Sir, we’re staying with digital.’ I said, ‘No you’re not. You going to goddamned steam, the digital costs hundreds of millions of dollars more money and it’s no good.’" EMALS, made by defense contractor General Atomics, is already installed on the Ford, the first of three new aircraft carriers made by Huntington Ingalls.  It is unclear whether Trump wants Huntington Ingalls to rip EMALS out of the Ford and return to the steam system and whether he wants the next two carriers under construction — the USS John F. Kennedy and USS Enterprise — to have steam catapults installed. The Navy declined to say whether anyone in the Trump administration had contacted the service regarding EMALS. Pentagon spokesman Capt. Jeff Davis told reporters on Friday that the Defense Department will “maintain close contact with the White House as we develop future budget requests.”   A Huntington Ingalls spokeswoman said the Ford has been through its builder’s trials at the Newport News shipyard and has been sent to Norfolk, Va., where the ship is awaiting delivering to the Navy. “EMALS is fully functional at this point,” she told The Hill. Huntington Ingalls and General Atomics referred further questions on EMALS and Trump’s comments to the Navy. EMALS will replace the more than 60-year-old steam-powered catapult systems used to launch aircraft. Developed in the 1950s, the catapults used steam piped from the ship’s turbines to reliably launch planes.  The system does have its downsides. Steam catapults can damage or reduce the life of the airframe, take up more space on ships, are harder to maintain and can’t launch as many planes as electrical ones. It’s also difficult to control when launching different types of aircraft, such as drones versus a fighter jet.  EMALS has also had its fair share of problems. The system’s development was plagued with issues, which some attributed to the Ford’s three-year delay. The system’s first public launch on the Ford in June 2015 was notoriously unsuccessful.  The Navy still stands behind the new technology, which is expected to save the service an estimated $4 billion in maintenance costs over the vessel’s 50-year lifetime, according to officials. Jerry Hendrix, a senior fellow at the Center for a New American Security, said Trump’s criticism of the Ford program’s cost and time overruns has merit. “Over its life expectancy, EMALS is projected to be a lower cost, but that’s a dangerous projection because we’ve had no experience with it,” he told The Hill.  Steam, meanwhile, has been a “reliable set of technology” and would lower the overall cost of building a ship, making it easier to reach Trump’s goal of a 350-ship Navy.  For example, the previous class of aircraft carrier, the Nimitz, cost about $7 billion compared to the Ford’s $12.9 billion.  Seth Crospey, director of the Center for American Seapower at the Hudson Institute, argued in favor of the electromagnetic system, stating that “EMALS works.” “I was a little surprised because I recall it wasn’t that long ago that the president said he was going to start an Office of American Innovation headed by his son-in-law, and the idea was to modernize technology inside government and that catapult and recovery system, if that’s not an example of modernizing technology, I don’t what is,” Crospey said. While steam launch is not an antiquated system, as people might think, EMALS has the advantaged of accelerating a plane more gradually. That puts less stress on the aircraft and in turn lengthens their lifespan, he added.  Further, Crospey said, designing future Ford-class carriers to use steam instead of EMALS would be “quite expensive” and add “big time” delays. “My guess is there will probably be more bugs to work out once we start launching and recovering aircraft, but that’s normal for new technology,” he said. “If you look back at other changes in Navy technology … the change from sail to steam or coal to oil, you find pretty much the same thing. When all is said and done everybody’s pleased with the result.”  If Trump does indeed want the Ford to be refitted with steam catapults, it would require a major overhaul, just weeks before the carrier is set to be delivered to the Navy.  The Ford was designed without the pipes to run steam from the turbines to the catapults. The Navy and Huntington Ingalls would need to install such pipes, rip out EMALS and try to find the space for the steam catapult system. The service could not say how much it would cost should it be directed to replace EMALS. Rebecca Kheel contributed.   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 GOP nears total exasperation with... Exasperated Republicans in the House and Senate are growing tired of... 1,520 Shares 2 Snowden on ransomware attack: 'It'... Edward Snowden also called the ongoing ransomware scourge "a perfect storm... 427 Shares 3 Eight days that shook Trump's... It was supposed to be a quiet week.The White House had just earned its... 262 Shares 4 Israeli intelligence ‘boiling mad... One Israeli intelligence officer said Trump had "confirmed" Israel's "... 207 Shares 5 McCain: Trump scandals reaching '... Arizona Sen. John McCain (R) reportedly said Tuesday that scandals within... 197 Shares 6 Independent senator: Impeachment... Sen. Angus King, a Maine independent who caucuses with Democrats, said he... 164 Shares 7 White House scrambles to limit... The White House scrambled on Tuesday to limit the damage from President... 142 Shares 8 Chaffetz ready to issue subpoena... House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) indicated he’s... 126 Shares 9 Fox host: No Republicans 'willing... Fox News host Bret Baier shared Tuesday there weren't "any Republicans... 122 Shares 10 Fallon finds similarities between... “Tonight Show” host Jimmy Fallon on Monday aired a video comparing... 115 Shares 11 Frustration abounds in Trump White... Trump World has a blunt message for the president: empower your staff or... 114 Shares 12 Trump asked Comey to end Flynn... President Trump asked former FBI Director James Comey to end the federal... 104 Shares 13 CNN analyst: 'We're in impeachment...  CNN political analyst David Gergen said Tuesday that he believe President... 93 Shares 14 NYT report: Trump told Comey to... President Trump reportedly told now-ousted FBI Director James Comey to... 80 Shares 15 Trump called McMaster 'a pain' who... President Trump has called National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster "a pain... 76 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Company Careers Diversity and Inclusion Sustainability Tech Facts and Spaces Philanthropy and Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution and Order Management Data and Content Financial Data Management Integration and Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg Markets Bloomberg Technology Bloomberg Pursuits Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg Opinion Bloomberg Businessweek Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. For Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Manage Contracts and Orders Support Americas+1 212 318 2000 EMEA+44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific+65 6212 1000 MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Boeing Delivers First 737 Max to Lion Group by Julie Johnsson @juliejohnsson More stories by Julie Johnsson May 16, 2017, 3:43 PM EDT May 16, 2017, 4:38 PM EDT Handover comes one day late after brief grounding last week The planemaker has more than 3,700 orders for Max models Boeing's 737 MAX 8 was handed over to Malindo Air on May 16. Source: Boeing Boeing Co. delivered the first 737 Max to the jetliner’s largest customer, Lion Mentari Airlines PT, a step toward reaping a cash bounty from the best-selling aircraft in company history. The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The Tuesday hand-off in Seattle to Lion’s Malaysia affiliate, Malindo Airways, was only one day later than first scheduled after the U.S. planemaker quickly recovered from a possible engine manufacturing defect, which had grounded the fledgling Max fleet last week. Before that hiccup, the upgraded 737 had coasted through development and flight-testing months ahead of schedule -- a rarity in an industry where delays are common. The 737 and Airbus SE’s A320 family are the sturdy workhorses for budget carriers worldwide, built to withstand multiple short flights a day. And thanks to manufacturing scale and processes honed over decades, they are the biggest profit generators for the planemakers, one reason why investors have closely watched the progress of the latest Boeing single-aisle jet so closely. The Max “is the most important program at Boeing both now and in the future,” said George Ferguson, senior air transport analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence. “It is the cash generator and they can’t screw it up.” Boeing is counting on smooth sailing for the 737 Max, the newest member of the jet family dating back about fifty years. That is essential if the Chicago-based company is to make good on the cash it has promised to return to investors as production slows for the 777, the second-largest source of profit, ahead of a transition to a new model. Net Orders The Max family had netted 3,714 orders through the end of April, with the bulk of sales coming from the midsize -8. That jet, the first to debut, promises 8 percent lower operating costs than Airbus’s A320neo jets from upgrades that include new fuel-efficient engines and winglets. To convert that order backlog to cash, Boeing is speeding output at the Renton, Washington, factory where the jets are manufactured by 12 percent this year to a 47-jet monthly pace. Additional step-ups are planned for 2018 and 2019. If all goes to plan, current-generation 737 planes and the Max will generate about $25 billion in revenue this year, about 27 percent of the company total, according to Ferguson. He estimates Boeing will reap about $4 billion in operating profit from the single-aisle jets in 2017, 43 percent of its total. “This airline will change the face of the single-aisle market,” Kevin McAllister, chief executive officer of Boeing’s commercial airplanes division, said in a statement Tuesday. The manufacturer plans to roll out three other models in addition to the Max 8 headed to Malindo at a pace of about one a year. And the company’s salesforce is working to find customers for a possible stretched model, the Max 10, ahead of a possible debut in Paris next month. Malindo, whose name is derived from the country names of Malaysia and Indonesia, will be the first airline to fly the 737 Max commercially. The carrier is owned by Malaysia’s National Aerospace and Defence Industries and Lion Air. Its Indonesia-based parent announced a 201-plane order for the Max in early 2012. Southwest Airlines, which placed the initial order for the newest 737 in late 2011, is due to take its first delivery in July, about two months earlier than expected. The Dallas-based carrier plans to start commercial flights with the Max on Oct. 1, after retiring the oldest planes in its fleet. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Rich Retirees Are Hoarding Cash Out of Fear Mom-and-Pop Joints Are Trouncing America's Big Restaurant Chains Apple Plans Laptop Upgrades to Take on Microsoft 25 Million Americans Could Find Mortgage Tax Break Useless Under Trump’s Plan Fyre Festival Was Buried Under Millions in Debt Before It Even Began Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Boeing & Aerospace Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Boeing & Aerospace Log In Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Boeing delivers first 737 MAX, with more than 3,700 to go Originally published May 16, 2017 at 1:06 pm Updated May 16, 2017 at 5:22 pm Boeing made its first delivery of the 737 MAX on Tuesday to Malindo Air, which is rebranding as Batik Air Malaysia. (Boeing) Less than a week after a potential manufacturing flaw in a batch of about 30 engines grounded Boeing’s 737 MAX fleet, the FAA cleared Boeing to fly the MAX with the engines that weren’t affected. The jet maker’s first delivery went to Malindo Air, part of Indonesia’s Lion Air. Share story By Dominic Gates Seattle Times aerospace reporter The glitch that threatened to spoil Boeing’s smooth progress toward first delivery of its new 737 MAX was overcome quickly, as the jet maker Tuesday handed over the first MAX 8 to Malaysian carrier Malindo Air. The discovery of a potential manufacturing flaw in a batch of engines prompted Boeing on May 10 to temporarily ground its 737 MAX fleet. But Jamie Jewell, a spokeswoman for engine maker CFM International, said the potential problem is confined to “around 30” of its LEAP engines, which have already been taken off airplanes and taken away for inspection. Related Stories The first flight of the Boeing 737 MAX 9, the second version of the new MAX airplane, lands at Boeing Field in Seattle on Thursday April 13, 2017. 201525 Boeing grounds 737 MAX planes over quality issue with engine Boeing needs FAA's OK before 737 MAX jets can resume flights By Friday, the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) had cleared Boeing to fly the MAX with unaffected engines. Tuesday’s first delivery of a MAX to an airline suggests the incident may prove a small blip in the jet’s otherwise remarkably untroubled development. Most Read Stories Toxic West Seattle home that sparked insane bidding war replaced with $1.2M box house  VIEW U2 at CenturyLink: Political, passionate, larger than life  VIEW Pioneer Square's F.X. McRory's is moving Dad tries to fathom why son allegedly decapitated his mother Seattle police release dashcam video of officers’ response to Mayor Ed Murray’s homeUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Boeing announced in a brief statement before the delivery that with the FAA’s approval, the 737 MAX “has resumed all flight activities.” The first MAX was officially purchased by aircraft lessor Avolon — part of China’s HNA Group, though headquartered in Ireland — which then leased the jet to Malindo, part of Lion Air Group of Indonesia. The potential engine flaw was discovered during manufacturing of some metal discs that are part of the low pressure turbine at the rear of the engine. One of CFM’s suppliers of those discs had used an incorrect forging process that created a vulnerability to cracks developing in the discs — though none were detected in more than 15 months of flight tests. The affected engines were taken off the airplanes last week and sent for inspection to CFM, which is a joint venture between engine makers GE of the U.S. and Safran of France. “We’re tearing down the engines and identifying which discs have the flaw and which don’t,” Jewell said Tuesday. Delivery schedule It’s unclear at this early stage whether Boeing’s MAX delivery schedule will be slowed by the missing engines now undergoing inspection or if it will be able to maintain the delivery rate previously planned. Certainly, the last-minute glitch spoiled the celebration of what should have been a huge milestone: the first delivery of a new model airplane, with more than 3,700 orders already on the books. The debut of the MAX means Boeing’s counterpart to the Airbus A320neo is at last in service. The Airbus plane entered service 15 months ago, though deliveries of that jet have been severely curtailed by prolonged, continuing performance problems with a different engine: the Pratt & Whitney geared turbofan. If the quality issue on the LEAP is confined to the relatively small number of engines already taken out of service, CFM just has to replace any suspect discs and catch up with engine deliveries for the MAX to get fully back on track. Boeing Commercial Airplanes Chief Executive Kevin McAllister said in a statement that the MAX “will change the face of the single-aisle market.” Chandran Rama Muthy, CEO of Malindo Air, said the airline has been very satisfied with the current model 737 and now plans to make the new 737 MAX the centerpiece of its fleet. The MAX flies farther and is 14 percent more fuel efficient that the current 737. Avolon has commitments for 60 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft, delivering through to 2021. Lion Air Group controls low-cost carrier Lion Air, regional carrier Wings Air, business-jet operator Lion BizJet, and full-service carrier Batik Air, all of Indonesia, and also holds minority stakes in Malaysia’s Malindo Air, and Thailand’s Thai Lion Air. Malindo Air will be renamed Batik Air Malaysia in the second half of this year, and the 737 MAX delivered Tuesday was already decorated in the new brand’s livery. Dominic Gates: 206-464-2963 or dgates@seattletimes.com View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story France’s ATR delivers first planes to Iran as trade grows Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Scroll down to content Posts Posted on 17 May 2017 Integra LifeSciences Announces the European Launch of Integra® Dermal Regeneration Template Single Layer “Thin” PLAINSBORO, N.J., May 17, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Integra LifeSciences Holdings Corporation (Nasdaq:IART), a leading global medical technology company, today announced that it has launched in Europe Integra® Dermal Regeneration Template (IDRT) Single Layer “Thin” for dermal repair defects reconstruction in “one-step” procedure. Integra® Dermal Regeneration Template Single Layer “Thin” is the latest extension of Integra’s collagen range of dermal repair products. Since the introduction of IDRT in 1996, the brand portfolio has expanded to include single layer, bilayer and flowable versions. This latest addition reinforces the company’s proven advanced collagen technology for more than 20 years in a variety of indications, including life-threatening burns, scar revisions and diabetic foot ulcers.„The European clinical community has been looking forward to the market release of Integra Single Layer Thin, the thinnest dermal substitute available,” said Stéphane Corp, vice president of Tissue Technologies in Europe.  „We will now be able to provide plastic and reconstructive surgeons a thinner matrix for dermal repair they can use in a single-stage procedure, while maintaining the same aesthetic and functional benefits of a two-stage procedure, which will ultimately reduce overall hospital stays for patients.”Integra® Dermal Regeneration Template Single Layer “Thin” will be marketed by Integra’s European Tissue Technologies sales organization in Europe, the Middle East and Africa and by Integra’s Canada and Latin America Sales organization later this year.About Integra Integra LifeSciences is dedicated to limiting uncertainty for clinicians, so they can concentrate on providing the best patient care.  Integra offers innovative solutions, including leading plastic and regenerative technologies, in specialty surgical solutions, and orthopedics and tissue technologies.For more information, please visit: www.integralife.euThis news release contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the products and services provided by Integra.  Such forward looking statements involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from predicted or expected results.  Among other things, the willingness of surgical professionals to use Integra products may affect the prospects for their use in surgical procedures.  In addition, the economic, competitive, governmental, technological and other factors, identified under the heading „Risk Factors” included in Item IA of Integra’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016 and information contained in subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission could affect actual results.Contact Information: Investors: Nora Brennan +1 609 936 2488 Michael Beaulieu + 1 609 750 2827 michael.beaulieu@integralife.com Media: Laurene Isip (U.S.) + 609 750 7984 laurene.isip@integralife.com Marie-Anne Girel (Europe) +33 4 37 47 59 70 marie-anne.girel@integralife.com Posted on 17 May 2017 Metformin Hydrochloride Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Metformin Hydrochloride Market Analysis Report contains all Analytical and Statistical brief about Market Overview, Growth, Demand and Forecast Research. This Metformin Hydrochloride Market report offers some penetrating overview and solution in the complex world of Metformin Hydrochloride Industry. The Metformin Hydrochloride Market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Metformin Hydrochloride Industry. This Market Research report of 150 Pages focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. It also provides granular analysis of the market share, segmentation, revenue forecasts and geographic regions of the market. The Report Comprises of Various Company Profiles of Fundamental Market Players of Metformin Hydrochloride Market. With thorough market segment in terms of different Countries, this report divides the market into a few key countries, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share, and growth rate of the market in these countries over the forecast period 2016-2021. For Any Query or Customised Report, Contact Our Expert at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10271455    The Metformin Hydrochloride Market to grow at a substantial Compound Annual Growth Rate during the forecast period 2016-2021. Metformin Hydrochloride Market Report includes Regions Like: North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific (APAC), Middle East and Africa, Rest of World (ROW). Report highlights include key market dynamics of sector. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. The current market scenario and future prospects of the sector also have been studied. Additionally, prime strategical activities in the market, which includes product developments, mergers and acquisitions, partnerships, etc., are discussed. The research report offers answers to several important questions related to the growth of the Metformin Hydrochloride market. Finally, the feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. In a word, the report provides major statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Ask for Sample of Metformin Hydrochloride market research report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10271455 Major Table of Contents of Mentioned in the Report 2016-2021 include: Metformin Hydrochloride Market Overview (2016 – 2021) include: Product Overview and Scope, Market Segment by Type, Production Market Share, Metformin Hydrochloride Consumption Market Share by Application, Market Size (Value) and Applications, Metformin Hydrochloride Status and Outlook, Government Policies Metformin Hydrochloride Market Competition by Manufacturers (2016 – 2021) include: Metformin Hydrochloride Market by Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers, Revenue and Share by Manufacturers, Average Price by Manufacturers By Market, Manufacturers Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Type, Market Competitive Situation and Trends, Market Concentration Rate, Metformin Hydrochloride Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers. Metformin Hydrochloride Market Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis (2016 – 2021) include: Company Name, Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors, Metformin Hydrochloride Market by Product Type, Application and Specification, Company A Metformin Hydrochloride Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Main Business/Business Overview. Metformin Hydrochloride Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Consumption, Export and Import (2016 – 2021) include: Market Capacity, Production and Growth, Revenue and Growth of Market, Production, Consumption, Export and Import, Metformin Hydrochloride Market Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type (2016 – 2021) include: Metformin Hydrochloride Market by Production and Market Share by Type, Revenue and Market Share by Type, Price by Type, Production Growth by Type, Metformin Hydrochloride Market Analysis by Application (2016 – 2021) include: Metformin Hydrochloride Market Consumption and Market Share by Application, Consumption Growth Rate by Application, Market Drivers and Opportunities, Potential Application, Emerging Markets/Countries. Metformin Hydrochloride Market Analysis by Regions (Provinces) (2016 – 2021) include: Production Market, Production Value and Price by Regions (Provinces), Production and Market Share by Regions (Provinces), Production Value and Market Share by Regions (Provinces), Sales Price by Regions (Provinces), Consumption by Regions (Provinces), Production, Consumption, Export and Import. Metformin Hydrochloride Market Manufacturing Cost Analysis (2016 – 2021) include: Metformin Hydrochloride Market by Key Raw Materials Analysis, Key Raw Materials, Price Trend of Key Raw Materials, Key Suppliers of Raw Materials, Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials, Proportion of Manufacturing Cost Structure, Raw Materials, Labour Cost, Manufacturing Expenses, and Manufacturing Process Analysis of Metformin Hydrochloride. Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers (2016 – 2021) include: Industrial Chain Analysis, Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing, Raw Materials Sources of Metformin Hydrochloride Market by Major Manufacturers, Downstream Buyers. Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders (2016 – 2021) include: Metformin Hydrochloride Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Marketing Channel Development Trend, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, and Distributors/Traders List. Market Effect Factors Analysis (2016 – 2021) include: Metformin Hydrochloride Market by Technology Progress/Risk, Substitutes Threat, and Technology Progress in Related Industry, Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change, and Economic/Political Environmental Change. Metformin Hydrochloride Market Forecast (2016 – 2021) include: Metformin Hydrochloride Market by Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast, Production, Import, Export and Consumption Forecast, Production Forecast by Type and Price Forecast, Consumption Forecast by Application, Metformin Hydrochloride Market Production, Consumption, Import and Export Forecast by Regions (Provinces), Production Forecast by Regions (Provinces), Consumption Forecast by Regions (Provinces),  Production, Consumption, Import and Export Forecast by Regions (Provinces). Get Full Report at $ 2800 (Single User License) at – http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10271455     Posted on 17 May 2017 Idler Pulley Market: Global Industry Trend Analysis 2012 to 2017 and Forecast 2017 – 2025 The idler pulley is a mechanical part in the vehicle, functions to guide and maintain the tension on the drive belt. The idler pulley offers the required tension in the driving belt and also other systems parts such as alternators, air compressors, water pumps and power steering pumps are helped by the function of the idler pulley. On under tension, the vehicle can experience vibration, early failure of belt, noise and spillage. In such a scenario idler pulley play an important role. The idler pulley is available in steel, cast iron and plastic material. Owing to the light weight design trend in the automotive industry, the demand for plastic idler pulley is high. Features in the idler pulley are, they are designed with a surface being smooth, riveted or grooved pattern. These patterns serve the different need, for instance, grooved design in the idler pulley reduces the friction as well as wear on the belt, and smoothness prevents belt scuffing whereas riveted design adds durability to the idler pulley. The idler pulley is manufactured for OEMs and are also available in the aftermarket. The aftermarket for idler pulley is expected to grow at substantial growth rate due to the product life cycle and the products in the aftermarket are less expensive compared to OEM. A sample of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/samples/15463 Global Idler Pulley Market: Drivers and Restraints The idler pulley market is primarily driven by the growing automotive industry. The increasing sales of automotive vehicles drive the consumption of idler pulley. Further, the idler pulley has to be replaced when worn out and thus, the replacement rate of idler pulley is also quite high. However, the strict regulations for auto component manufacturing challenge the idler pulley manufacturers. Global Idler Pulley Market:  Segmentation On the basis of idler pulley type, idler pulley market can be segmented as follows: Flat belt idler pulley, With flange, Without flange, V- belt idler pulley, Serpentine. On the basis of material type, idler pulley market can be segmented as follows: Steel, Cast iron, Glass filled polymer. On the basis of distribution channel, idler pulley market can be segmented as follows: OEM, Aftermarket. Global Idler Pulley Market:  Region wise Outlook The global idler pulley market is divided into seven regions, namely North America, Latin America, Asia Pacific excluding Japan (APEJ), Western Europe, Eastern Europe, Japan and the Middle East and Africa (MEA). The automotive industry growth is influenced by the improved sentiment of the consumers. In the emerging markets, factors such as stabilised government structure, a rise in the purchasing power, developments in the infrastructure attract the investments in the auto component industries in the developing regions. The APEJ holds the majority of the share in the global idler pulley market owing to the vast presence of small scale manufacturers. The idler market in Western Europe is quite stable and matured in terms of production. Factor such as the strong technological base for efficient production of the idler pulley, coupled with a high spending power of consumers in the Europe as well as North America region exhibits influence on the idler pulley market. Global Idler Pulley Market:  Key Players Some of the key players identified in the global idler pulley market include: Dayco Products, LLC, SKF AB, The Gates Corporation, Capitol Stampings Corp., Superior Industries, LLC, The Timken Corporation, Parcan Group, Clutch Bearings Industries Co., Ltd., Jiuh Men Industry Co., Ltd., Precision, Inc., Schaeffler Technologies AG & Co. KG, Standard Motor Products, Inc. To view TOC of this report is available upon request @ http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com/toc/15463 The research report presents a comprehensive assessment of the market and contains thoughtful insights, facts, historical data, and statistically supported and industry-validated market data. It also contains projections using a suitable set of assumptions and methodologies. The research report provides analysis and information according to market segments such as geography, technology and applications. About Us Persistence Market Research (PMR) is a third-platform research firm. Our research model is a unique collaboration of data analytics and market research methodology to help businesses achieve optimal performance. To support companies in overcoming complex business challenges, we follow a multi-disciplinary approach. At PMR, we unite various data streams from multi-dimensional sources. By deploying real-time data collection, big data, and customer experience analytics, we deliver business intelligence for organizations of all sizes. Contact Us Persistence Market Research 305 Broadway 7th Floor, New York City, NY 10007, United States, USA – Canada Toll Free: 800-961-0353 Email: sales@persistencemarketresearch.com Web: http://www.persistencemarketresearch.com Posted on 17 May 2017 Cramo Plc: Managers’ transactions Vantaa, Finland, 2017-05-17 08:00 CEST (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — Cramo Plc    Stock Exchange Release 17 May 2017 at 9.00 am (EET) Posted on 17 May 2017 Global Bale Net Wrap Market Perspective by Comprehensive Analysis, Growth Prediction to 2022 Bale Net Wrap Market Analysis Report contains all Analytical and Statistical brief about Market Overview, Growth, Demand and Forecast Research. This Bale Net Wrap Market report offers some penetrating overview and solution in the complex world of Bale Net Wrap Industry. The Bale Net Wrap Market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Bale Net Wrap Industry. This Market Research report of 150 Pages focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. It also provides granular analysis of the market share, segmentation, revenue forecasts and geographic regions of the market. The Report Comprises of Various Company Profiles of Fundamental Market Players of Bale Net Wrap Market. With thorough market segment in terms of different Countries, this report divides the market into a few key countries, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share, and growth rate of the market in these countries over the forecast period 2017-2022. For Any Query or Customised Report, Contact Our Expert at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10687618    The Bale Net Wrap Market to grow at a substantial Compound Annual Growth Rate during the forecast period 2017-2022. Bale Net Wrap Market Report includes Regions Like: North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific (APAC), Middle East and Africa, Rest of World (ROW). Report highlights include key market dynamics of sector. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. The current market scenario and future prospects of the sector also have been studied. Additionally, prime strategical activities in the market, which includes product developments, mergers and acquisitions, partnerships, etc., are discussed. The research report offers answers to several important questions related to the growth of the Bale Net Wrap market. Finally, the feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. In a word, the report provides major statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Ask for Sample of Bale Net Wrap market research report at:  http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10687618 Major Table of Contents of Mentioned in the Report 2017-2022 include: Bale Net Wrap Market Overview (2017 – 2022) include: Product Overview and Scope, Market Segment by Type, Production Market Share, Bale Net Wrap Consumption Market Share by Application, Market Size (Value) and Applications, Bale Net Wrap Status and Outlook, Government Policies Bale Net Wrap Market Competition by Manufacturers (2017 – 2022) include: Bale Net Wrap Market by Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers, Revenue and Share by Manufacturers, Average Price by Manufacturers By Market, Manufacturers Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Type, Market Competitive Situation and Trends, Market Concentration Rate, Bale Net Wrap Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers. Bale Net Wrap Market Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis (2017 – 2022) include: Company Name, Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors, Bale Net Wrap Market by Product Type, Application and Specification, Company A Bale Net Wrap Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Main Business/Business Overview. Bale Net Wrap Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Consumption, Export and Import (2017 – 2022) include: Market Capacity, Production and Growth, Revenue and Growth of Market, Production, Consumption, Export and Import, Bale Net Wrap Market Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type (2017 – 2022) include: Bale Net Wrap Market by Production and Market Share by Type, Revenue and Market Share by Type, Price by Type, Production Growth by Type, Bale Net Wrap Market Analysis by Application (2017 – 2022) include: Bale Net Wrap Market Consumption and Market Share by Application, Consumption Growth Rate by Application, Market Drivers and Opportunities, Potential Application, Emerging Markets/Countries. Bale Net Wrap Market Analysis by Regions (Provinces) (2017 – 2022) include: Production Market, Production Value and Price by Regions (Provinces), Production and Market Share by Regions (Provinces), Production Value and Market Share by Regions (Provinces), Sales Price by Regions (Provinces), Consumption by Regions (Provinces), Production, Consumption, Export and Import. Bale Net Wrap Market Manufacturing Cost Analysis (2017 – 2022) include: Bale Net Wrap Market by Key Raw Materials Analysis, Key Raw Materials, Price Trend of Key Raw Materials, Key Suppliers of Raw Materials, Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials, Proportion of Manufacturing Cost Structure, Raw Materials, Labour Cost, Manufacturing Expenses, and Manufacturing Process Analysis of Bale Net Wrap. Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers (2017 – 2022) include: Industrial Chain Analysis, Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing, Raw Materials Sources of Bale Net Wrap Market by Major Manufacturers, Downstream Buyers. Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders (2017 – 2022) include: Bale Net Wrap Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Marketing Channel Development Trend, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, and Distributors/Traders List. Market Effect Factors Analysis (2017 – 2022) include: Bale Net Wrap Market by Technology Progress/Risk, Substitutes Threat, and Technology Progress in Related Industry, Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change, and Economic/Political Environmental Change. Bale Net Wrap Market Forecast (2017 – 2022) include: Bale Net Wrap Market by Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast, Production, Import, Export and Consumption Forecast, Production Forecast by Type and Price Forecast, Consumption Forecast by Application, Bale Net Wrap Market Production, Consumption, Import and Export Forecast by Regions (Provinces), Production Forecast by Regions (Provinces), Consumption Forecast by Regions (Provinces),  Production, Consumption, Import and Export Forecast by Regions (Provinces). Get Full Report at $ 3000 (Single User License) at – http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10687618     Posted on 17 May 2017 Global Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2022 Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Analysis Report contains all Analytical and Statistical brief about Market Overview, Growth, Demand and Forecast Research. This Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market report offers some penetrating overview and solution in the complex world of Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Industry. The Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Industry. This Market Research report of 150 Pages focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. It also provides granular analysis of the market share, segmentation, revenue forecasts and geographic regions of the market. The Report Comprises of Various Company Profiles of Fundamental Market Players of Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market. With thorough market segment in terms of different Countries, this report divides the market into a few key countries, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share, and growth rate of the market in these countries over the forecast period 2017-2022. For Any Query or Customised Report, Contact Our Expert at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10689093    The Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market to grow at a substantial Compound Annual Growth Rate during the forecast period 2017-2022. Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Report includes Regions Like: North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific (APAC), Middle East and Africa, Rest of World (ROW). Report highlights include key market dynamics of sector. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. The current market scenario and future prospects of the sector also have been studied. Additionally, prime strategical activities in the market, which includes product developments, mergers and acquisitions, partnerships, etc., are discussed. The research report offers answers to several important questions related to the growth of the Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging market. Finally, the feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. In a word, the report provides major statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Ask for Sample of Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging market research report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10689093 Major Table of Contents of Mentioned in the Report 2017-2022 include: Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Overview (2017 – 2022) include: Product Overview and Scope, Market Segment by Type, Production Market Share, Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Consumption Market Share by Application, Market Size (Value) and Applications, Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Status and Outlook, Government Policies Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Competition by Manufacturers (2017 – 2022) include: Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market by Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers, Revenue and Share by Manufacturers, Average Price by Manufacturers By Market, Manufacturers Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Type, Market Competitive Situation and Trends, Market Concentration Rate, Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers. Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis (2017 – 2022) include: Company Name, Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors, Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market by Product Type, Application and Specification, Company A Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Main Business/Business Overview. Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Consumption, Export and Import (2017 – 2022) include: Market Capacity, Production and Growth, Revenue and Growth of Market, Production, Consumption, Export and Import, Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type (2017 – 2022) include: Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market by Production and Market Share by Type, Revenue and Market Share by Type, Price by Type, Production Growth by Type, Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Analysis by Application (2017 – 2022) include: Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Consumption and Market Share by Application, Consumption Growth Rate by Application, Market Drivers and Opportunities, Potential Application, Emerging Markets/Countries. Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Analysis by Regions (Provinces) (2017 – 2022) include: Production Market, Production Value and Price by Regions (Provinces), Production and Market Share by Regions (Provinces), Production Value and Market Share by Regions (Provinces), Sales Price by Regions (Provinces), Consumption by Regions (Provinces), Production, Consumption, Export and Import. Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Manufacturing Cost Analysis (2017 – 2022) include: Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market by Key Raw Materials Analysis, Key Raw Materials, Price Trend of Key Raw Materials, Key Suppliers of Raw Materials, Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials, Proportion of Manufacturing Cost Structure, Raw Materials, Labour Cost, Manufacturing Expenses, and Manufacturing Process Analysis of Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging. Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers (2017 – 2022) include: Industrial Chain Analysis, Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing, Raw Materials Sources of Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market by Major Manufacturers, Downstream Buyers. Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders (2017 – 2022) include: Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Marketing Channel Development Trend, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, and Distributors/Traders List. Market Effect Factors Analysis (2017 – 2022) include: Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market by Technology Progress/Risk, Substitutes Threat, and Technology Progress in Related Industry, Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change, and Economic/Political Environmental Change. Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Forecast (2017 – 2022) include: Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market by Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast, Production, Import, Export and Consumption Forecast, Production Forecast by Type and Price Forecast, Consumption Forecast by Application, Anti-Counterfeiting Packaging Market Production, Consumption, Import and Export Forecast by Regions (Provinces), Production Forecast by Regions (Provinces), Consumption Forecast by Regions (Provinces),  Production, Consumption, Import and Export Forecast by Regions (Provinces). Get Full Report at $ 3000 (Single User License) at – http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10689093     Posted on 17 May 2017 Global Linezolid Market Research Report: Top Manufactures, Regional Analysis and Forecast by 2021 Linezolid Market Analysis Report contains all Analytical and Statistical brief about Market Overview, Growth, Demand and Forecast Research. This Linezolid Market report offers some penetrating overview and solution in the complex world of Linezolid Industry. The Linezolid Market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Linezolid Industry. This Market Research report of 150 Pages focuses on the major drivers and restraints for the key players. It also provides granular analysis of the market share, segmentation, revenue forecasts and geographic regions of the market. The Report Comprises of Various Company Profiles of Fundamental Market Players of Linezolid Market. With thorough market segment in terms of different Countries, this report divides the market into a few key countries, with sales (consumption), revenue, market share, and growth rate of the market in these countries over the forecast period 2016-2021. For Any Query or Customised Report, Contact Our Expert at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10491218    The Linezolid Market to grow at a substantial Compound Annual Growth Rate during the forecast period 2016-2021. Linezolid Market Report includes Regions Like: North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific (APAC), Middle East and Africa, Rest of World (ROW). Report highlights include key market dynamics of sector. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. The current market scenario and future prospects of the sector also have been studied. Additionally, prime strategical activities in the market, which includes product developments, mergers and acquisitions, partnerships, etc., are discussed. The research report offers answers to several important questions related to the growth of the Linezolid market. Finally, the feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. In a word, the report provides major statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Ask for Sample of Linezolid market research report at: http://www.absolutereports.com/enquiry/request-sample/10491218 Major Table of Contents of Mentioned in the Report 2016-2021 include: Linezolid Market Overview (2016 – 2021) include: Product Overview and Scope, Market Segment by Type, Production Market Share, Linezolid Consumption Market Share by Application, Market Size (Value) and Applications, Linezolid Status and Outlook, Government Policies Linezolid Market Competition by Manufacturers (2016 – 2021) include: Linezolid Market by Capacity, Production and Share by Manufacturers, Revenue and Share by Manufacturers, Average Price by Manufacturers By Market,  Manufacturers Manufacturing Base Distribution, Sales Area, Product Type, Market Competitive Situation and Trends, Market Concentration Rate, Linezolid Market Share of Top 3 and Top 5 Manufacturers. Linezolid Market Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis (2016 – 2021) include: Company Name, Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base, Sales Area and Its Competitors, Linezolid Market by Product Type, Application and Specification, Company A Linezolid Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Main Business/Business Overview. Linezolid Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Consumption, Export and Import (2016 – 2021) include: Market Capacity, Production and Growth, Revenue and Growth of Market, Production, Consumption, Export and Import, Linezolid Market Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type (2016 – 2021) include: Linezolid Market by Production and Market Share by Type, Revenue and Market Share by Type, Price by Type, Production Growth by Type, Linezolid Market Analysis by Application (2016 – 2021) include: Linezolid Market Consumption and Market Share by Application, Consumption Growth Rate by Application, Market Drivers and Opportunities, Potential Application, Emerging Markets/Countries. Linezolid Market Analysis by Regions (Provinces) (2016 – 2021) include: Production Market, Production Value and Price by Regions (Provinces), Production and Market Share by Regions (Provinces), Production Value and Market Share by Regions (Provinces), Sales Price by Regions (Provinces), Consumption by Regions (Provinces), Production, Consumption, Export and Import. Linezolid Market Manufacturing Cost Analysis (2016 – 2021) include: Linezolid Market by Key Raw Materials Analysis, Key Raw Materials, Price Trend of Key Raw Materials, Key Suppliers of Raw Materials, Market Concentration Rate of Raw Materials, Proportion of Manufacturing Cost Structure, Raw Materials, Labour Cost, Manufacturing Expenses, and Manufacturing Process Analysis of Linezolid. Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers (2016 – 2021) include: Industrial Chain Analysis, Upstream Raw Materials Sourcing, Raw Materials Sources of Linezolid Market by Major Manufacturers, Downstream Buyers. Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders (2016 – 2021) include: Linezolid Marketing Channel, Direct Marketing, Indirect Marketing, Marketing Channel Development Trend, Market Positioning, Pricing Strategy, Brand Strategy, Target Client, and Distributors/Traders List. Market Effect Factors Analysis (2016 – 2021) include: Linezolid Market by Technology Progress/Risk, Substitutes Threat, and Technology Progress in Related Industry, Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change, and Economic/Political Environmental Change. Linezolid Market Forecast (2016 – 2021) include: Linezolid Market by Capacity, Production, Revenue Forecast, Production, Import, Export and Consumption Forecast, Production Forecast by Type and Price Forecast, Consumption Forecast by Application, Linezolid Market Production, Consumption, Import and Export Forecast by Regions (Provinces), Production Forecast by Regions (Provinces), Consumption Forecast by Regions (Provinces),  Production, Consumption, Import and Export Forecast by Regions (Provinces). Get Full Report at $ 2800 (Single User License) at – http://www.absolutereports.com/purchase/10491218     Posted on 17 May 2017 Moottorin säätäminen uusiutuvalle dieselille pienentää polttoaineen kulutusta ja päästöjä Neste Oyj Lehdistötiedote 17.5.2017 klo 9.00Moottorin säätäminen uusiutuvalle dieselille pienentää polttoaineen kulutusta ja päästöjäDieselmoottorin polttoaineen kulutusta sekä hiilidioksidi- ja säänneltyjä lähipäästöjä voidaan alentaa säätämällä moottori hyödyntämään 100-prosenttisen HVO-tyyppisen (Hydrotreated Vegetable Oil) uusiutuvan dieselin, kuten Neste MY uusiutuvan dieselin, ominaisuuksia.Maailman johtaviin moottorien kehitystyöhön erikoistuneisiin insinööritoimistoihin lukeutuvan FEV:n tuore tutkimus osoitti, että moottorin ohjausparametrien säätäminen Neste MY uusiutuvan dieselin käyttöä varten voi testisyklistä riippuen:parantaa moottorin hyötysuhdetta jopa noin 8,5 %pienentää polttoaineen kulutusta litroina jopa noin 4 %vähentää hiilivety- (HC) ja hiilimonoksidipäästöjä (CO) jopa noin 70 %vähentää pienhiukkaspäästöjä (PM) jopa noin 50 %mahdollistaa typenoksidipäästöjen vähentämisen jopa noin 30 %.Tulokset perustuvat lukuihin, jotka saatiin vertailemalla samaa moottoria, kun se oli säädetty Neste MY uusiutuvalle dieselille ja kun se oli säädetty tyypilliselle eurooppalaiselle EN 590 fossiiliselle dieselille Euro 6 päästönormien mukaisella tasolla. Mittaukset tehtiin ennen katalysaattoria ja hiukkassuodatinta.Tulokset riippuvat valitusta moottorista, eikä kaikkia parannuksia voida saavuttaa samanaikaisesti. Yllä listatut luvut koskevat vain Neste MY uusiutuvaa dieseliä, joka on EN 15940 standardin vaatimukset täyttävä parafiininen diesel. Samankaltaisia tuloksia voi odottaa saavansa moottorin säätämisestä myös muille HVO-tyyppisille uusiutuville dieseleille. Tulokset eivät ole yleistettävissä perinteisiin biodieseleihin.„Johtavan asiantuntijatahon tekemä tutkimus osoitti, että moottorin säätäminen Neste MY uusiutuvalle dieselille tarjoaa hyötyjä: se voi pienentää polttoaineen kulutusta ja hiilidioksidipäästöjä. Oikeilla kalibroinneilla se voi lisäksi auttaa vähentämään pakokaasupäästöjä”, Nesteen polttoaine- ja moottoriasiantuntija Markku Honkanen sanoo.„Moottorin optimointi HVO-tyyppisille vähähiilisille polttoaineille tarjoaa moottorivalmistajille lisää keinoja moottorin tehokkuuden parantamiseen sekä lähipäästörajojen noudattamiseen todellisissa ajo-olosuhteissa, kuten Euroopassa voimassa oleva Euro 6 -päästöstandardi edellyttää”, Honkanen selventää.Taustaa tutkimuksesta:Tutkimuksella selvitettiin keinoja pienentää polttoaineen kulutusta heikentämättä moottorin suorituskykyä sekä kasvattamatta äänitasoa ja typenoksidipäästöjä (Euro 6 -päästönormin NOx raja 80 mg/km) verrattuna perinteiselle fossiiliselle dieselille säädettyyn moottoriin. Moottorin säätäminen Neste MY uusiutuvalle dieselille pienensi polttoaineen kulutusta ja typenoksidipäästöjä samalla, kun suorituskyky ja äänitaso säilyivät ennallaan ns. premium-moottorilta vaaditulla tasolla.Nesteen uusiutuvalle dieselille optimaalisia moottoriparametrejä selvitettäessä varioitiin sekä moottorikonstruktion osia että moottorin ohjaukseen liittyviä parametrejä. Optimaaliset parametrit selvitettiin moottorikokein, ja tulokset todennettiin lopuksi kokonaisella ajoneuvolla tehdyin mittauksin laboratorio-olosuhteissa, jotka simuloivat todellisia ajo-olosuhteita ja sertifiointitestitoimenpiteitä. Parhaat tulokset saavutettiin muokkaamalla vain moottorin ohjausparametrejä, kuten polttoaineen ruiskutuksen ohjausta (ajoitus, ruiskutuspaine ja -määrä), ilmamäärää ja pakokaasun takaisinkierrätyksen määrää ja strategiaa. Tutkimuksen tilaaja oli Neste.FEV lyhyesti The FEV Group, headquartered in Aachen, Germany, is an internationally recognized vehicle development services provider. FEV’s expertise ranges from consulting to the development and testing of innovative vehicle concepts through readiness for serial production. In addition to traditional engine and transmission development, vehicle integration, calibration, and the homologation of state-of-the-art gasoline and diesel engines, increasing importance is being placed on the development of hybrid and electric powertrains as well as alternative fuels. FEV experts focus on the advancement of electronic control systems, as well as connected vehicles and automation. The „FEV Software and Testing Solutions” product portfolio complements these services with cutting-edge test fields, measuring equipment and software solutions that help make the development process more efficient and transfer significant process steps from the road to the test rig – or even to computer simulation. FEV offers services to its transport industry customers around the world, and employs over 4,300 specialists in high-tech development centers at 35 locations on four continents. Posted on 17 May 2017 Global Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast to 2022 Summary Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices – Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2017 To 2022” In this report, we analyze the Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices industry from two aspects. One part is about its production and the other part is about its consumption. In terms of its production, we analyze the production, revenue, gross margin of its main manufacturers and the unit price that they offer in different regions from 2012 to 2017. In terms of its consumption, we analyze the consumption volume, consumption value, sale price, import and export in different regions from 2012 to 2017. We also make a prediction of its production and consumption in coming 2017-2022. At the same time, we classify different Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices based on their definitions. Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What is more, the Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally, the feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1273952-global-peripheral-venous-thrombectomy-devices-industry-market-research-2017 The report can answer the following questions: 1. What is the global (North America, South America, Europe, Africa, Middle East, Asia, China, Japan) production, production value, consumption, consumption value, import and export of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices? 2. Who are the global key manufacturers of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices industry? How are their operating situation (capacity, production, price, cost, gross and revenue)? 3. What are the types and applications of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices? What is the market share of each type and application? 4. What are the upstream raw materials and manufacturing equipment of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices? What is the manufacturing process of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices? 5. Economic impact on Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices industry and development trend of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices industry. 6. What will the Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices market size and the growth rate be in 2022? 7. What are the key factors driving the global Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices industry? 8. What are the key market trends impacting the growth of the Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices market? 9. What are the Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices market challenges to market growth? 10. What are the Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices market opportunities and threats faced by the vendors in the global Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices market? Objective of Studies: 1. To provide detailed analysis of the market structure along with forecast of the various segments and sub-segments of the global Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices market. 2. To provide insights about factors affecting the market growth. To analyze the Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices market based on various factors- price analysis, supply chain analysis, porte five force analysis etc. 3. To provide historical and forecast revenue of the market segments and sub-segments with respect to four main geographies and their countries- North America, Europe, Asia, and Rest of the World. 4. To provide country level analysis of the market with respect to the current market size and future prospective. 5. To provide country level analysis of the market for segment by application, product type and sub-segments. 6. To provide strategic profiling of key players in the market, comprehensively analyzing their core competencies, and drawing a competitive landscape for the market. 7. To track and analyze competitive developments such as joint ventures, strategic alliances, mergers and acquisitions, new product developments, and research and developments in the global Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices market. At any Query @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1273952-global-peripheral-venous-thrombectomy-devices-industry-market-research-2017 Table of Contents 1 Industry Overview of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices     1.1 Brief Introduction of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices 1.1.1 Definition of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices 1.1.2 Development of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices Industry 1.2 Classification of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices 1.2.1 Type One 1.2.2 Type Two 1.2.3 Type Three 1.3 Status of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices Industry 1.3.1 Industry Overview of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices 1.3.2 Global Major Regions Status of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices 2 Industry Chain Analysis of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices     2.1 Supply Chain Relationship Analysis of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices 2.2 Upstream Major Raw Materials and Price Analysis of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices 2.3 Downstream Applications of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices 2.3.1 Application 1 2.3.2 Application 2 2.3.3 Application 3 3 Manufacturing Technology of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices     3.1 Development of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices Manufacturing Technology 3.2 Manufacturing Process Analysis of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices 3.3 Trends of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices Manufacturing Technology 4 Major Manufacturers Analysis of Peripheral Venous Thrombectomy Devices     4.1 Company 1 4.1.1 Company Profile 4.1.2 Product Picture and Specifications 4.1.3 Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Gross and Revenue 4.1.4 Contact Information 4.2 Company 2 4.2.1 Company Profile 4.2.2 Product Picture and Specifications 4.2.3 Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Gross and Revenue 4.2.4 Contact Information 4.3 Company 3 4.3.1 Company Profile 4.3.2 Product Picture and Specifications 4.3.3 Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Gross and Revenue 4.3.4 Contact Information 4.4 Company 4 4.4.1 Company Profile 4.4.2 Product Picture and Specifications 4.4.3 Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Gross and Revenue 4.4.4 Contact Information 4.5 Company 5 4.5.1 Company Profile 4.5.2 Product Picture and Specifications 4.5.3 Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Gross and Revenue 4.5.4 Contact Information 4.6 Company 6 4.6.1 Company Profile 4.6.2 Product Picture and Specifications 4.6.3 Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Gross and Revenue 4.6.4 Contact Information 4.7 Company 7 4.7.1 Company Profile 4.7.2 Product Picture and Specifications 4.7.3 Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Gross and Revenue 4.7.4 Contact Information 4.8 Company 8 4.8.1 Company Profile 4.8.2 Product Picture and Specifications 4.8.3 Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Gross and Revenue 4.8.4 Contact Information 4.9 Company 9 4.9.1 Company Profile 4.9.2 Product Picture and Specifications 4.9.3 Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Gross and Revenue 4.9.4 Contact Information 4.10 Company ten 4.10.1 Company Profile 4.10.2 Product Picture and Specifications 4.10.3 Capacity, Production, Price, Cost, Gross and Revenue 4.10.4 Contact Information Buy Now @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=1273952 Continued…. Contact Us: sales@wiseguyreports.com Ph: +1-646-845-9349 (US) ; Ph: +44 208 133 9349 (UK) Posted on 17 May 2017 AFRICA OIL ANNOUNCES EMEKUYA-1 OIL DISCOVERY IN KENYA May 17, 2017 (AOI-TSX, AOI-Nasdaq Stockholm) … Africa Oil Corp. (“Africa Oil”, “AOC” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce that the Emekuya-1 well in Block 13T, Northern Kenya has encountered approximately 75 metres of net oil pay in two zones. Posts navigation Page 1 Page 2 … Page 48,090 Next page Search Recent Posts Integra LifeSciences Announces the European Launch of Integra® Dermal Regeneration Template Single Layer “Thin” Metformin Hydrochloride Market to register high demand rate Worldwide: Top manufactures, challenges and Drivers by 2021 Idler Pulley Market: Global Industry Trend Analysis 2012 to 2017 and Forecast 2017 – 2025 Cramo Plc: Managers’ transactions Global Bale Net Wrap Market Perspective by Comprehensive Analysis, Growth Prediction to 2022 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register May-June 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz $16 Billion U.S. Air Force T-X Competition: Who Will Win? Dave Majumdar May 16, 2017 TweetShareShare If the U.S. Air Force chooses Boeing’s submission for its T-X advanced jet trainer competition, the company expects to build the aircraft in Saint Louis, Missouri. The move would generate up to 1,800 jobs in the Midwestern city and keep the company’s plant open for the foreseeable future after production of the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and EA-18G Growler inevitably comes to a close. Boeing has thus far built two prototype T-X aircraft for the Air Force’s competition. “Our highly skilled St. Louis workforce designed, assembled and brought Boeing T-X to life, and they continue to define the future, not just for our company, but for our customers and the global aerospace industry,” Shelley Lavender, St. Louis senior executive and president of Boeing Military Aircraft, said in a statement. Boeing’s offering is a custom designed aircraft based on technology from the company’s F/A-18 series fighters. Rival Lockheed Martin is offering its T-50A, which was developed in South Korea using technology from the company’s F-16 Fighting Falcon. Both aircraft are powered by a single General Electric F404 afterburning turbofan and should offer comparable aircraft performance. Meanwhile, Italian manufacturer Leonardo is offering its T-100 trainer—while was ultimately derived from the Russian Yakovlev Yak-130—for the T-X competition. There are also several other marginal competitors that are considering bidding on the project, but out of those, only Leonard is a serious contender. That being said, the European bid only has an outside shot of winning the tender. Northrop Grumman—which built the Air Force’s current advanced trainer, the T-38 Talon—dropped out of the contest in February 2017 after concluding it was not worth the effort. The company had developed and built a F404-powered prototype for the T-X competition, but it is not clear if the aircraft ever flew before the company shelved its efforts. The Air Force is expected to pick a winner for the T-X tender before the end of the year. The T-X program could be worth as much as $16 billion for an initial buy of 350 planes for the U.S. Air Force. The U.S. Air Force specifically requested that the aircraft have space, weight, power and hardpoints built-in for a future growth variant which could serve in other roles. It’s not inconceivable that a future T-X variant might be used as an aggressor or light attack aircraft. Moreover, allied air forces are certain to be interested in purchasing the winner of the T-X competition, thus the $16 billion value of the current Air Force program is just the tip of the iceberg. Dave Majumdar is the defense editor for the National Interest. You can follow him on Twitter: @davemajumdar. Image Credit: Creative Commons.  TweetShareShare View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Dave Majumdar Why the Federal Reserve Should Focus on America's Wage Problem If the U.S. economy is going to accelerate on a sustainable basis, then wages will need to do so as well. Samuel Rines China's New 'Silk Road' Is Based on Its National-Security Agenda Chinese influencers are popping up across the European landscape. James Jay Carafano Trump and the Art of Dealing with Israel Trump initially led Israel to believe that he wasn't interested in a two-state solution. Now, the president has changed his mind. Dov S. Zakheim Latest Issue May-June 2017 Kissinger's Moral Example Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Iran's Missile Defenses Slashing Command Bolton's Beijing High Five for Clinton Father Knows Best . . . ? Prelude: What to Expect in This Space The Wildest Dream: Bombing Iran Heavyweight Huddle on Iraq Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Wednesday May 17, 2017 Life & Style Travel Larger / SmallerNight Mode Cathay Pacific Airbus A350 starts Melbourne flights Craig Platt 1 Feb 2017, 4:54 p.m. New cutting-edge aircraft makes first flight on Hong Kong-Melbourne route. Cathay Pacific Airbus A350 starts Melbourne flights The Cathay Pacific A350 arrives in Melbourne for the first time. Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit Cathay Pacific's new Airbus A350 aircraft arrived in Melbourne on Wednesday on its first flight into Australia. It kicks off daily flights for the A350-900 on the Melbourne to Hong Kong route for the airline. The new A350-900 is Airbus' rival to the Boeing Dreamliner. Like its rival, the A350 is also a lightweight aircraft, but with some key differences. Unlike the Dreamliner, which has a body is composed primarily of carbon fibre, the A350 uses a combination of materials, including plastic reinforced by carbon fibre, along with titanium and aluminium alloys. More than 70 per cent of the aircraft is made of lightweight materials, helping airlines save on fuel. The aircraft manufacturer says its A350 uses 25 per cent less fuel than Boeing's longest-range plane, the 777. Airbus says that, also like the Dreamliner, the A350 helps reduce jet-lag on long-haul flights, thanks to a lower cabin altitude than previous generation planes, meaning higher oxygen levels. The airline says the draught-free air circulation system – filtering the cabin air every three minutes – will keep humidity levels in check. The Cathay A350 features three classes - business, premium and economy - for a total of 280 seats. The 38-seat business class cabin features more legroom for passengers, with an extra three inches (7.6 cm) in seat pitch. The seat, which converts to a fully flat bed, also features extra storage space, 'do not disturb' and 'wake up call' functions. One of the most unusual aspects of the economy class cabin is the 3-3-3 layout. For a large, twin-aisle aircraft, having only three seats in the middle of the cabin, instead of four or five, means there are only three "middle" seats per row. Another unusual feature of the new economy class seat is the headrest - Cathay's new design is a six-way headrest with larger side-cushions that can be folded in and out at different angles. Possibly the best seat outside the premium classes is row 60 on the window. The exit row in front of this seat features only two, not three, economy seats, meaning the passenger in the window seat enjoys significantly extra legroom. Melbourne Airport chief of aviation, Simon Gandy, welcomed the arrival of the new plane into Melbourne. "Right now we're witnessing the greatest revolution in aircraft technology since the invention of the jet engine. These aircraft are lighter, more fuel efficient, and have far greater range than their predecessors," he said. Cathay will fly the A350 on one its three daily flights from Melbourne to Hong Kong. It will also begin flying an A350 on the Brisbane-Hong Kong route from March. Qatar Airways became the first airline to fly the A350 to Australia when it started flights on the Adelaide-Doha route in May last year. Singapore Airlines also began A350 flights to Australia last year, but only for a brief period before moving the aircraft onto its Singapore to San Francisco route. See also: A350 versus Dreamliner: Which plane is best for long haul flights? See also: On board the new Cathay Pacific Airbus A350 Flight of Fancy: The Traveller.com.au podcast To subscribe to the Traveller.com.au podcast Flight of Fancy, click here. The story Cathay Pacific Airbus A350 starts Melbourne flights first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News No joke: reward offered for missing circus clown Illawarra remains an area of high demand Windang Road’s 80km/h zone is okay Windang Road speed limit cut not the answer No risk in loco demolition Editor's Picks An addict broke her jaw. The force broke her spirit Man, 20, bitten by shark in waist-deep water on South Coast Top Stories Wollongong homeless woman left heartbroken after dog impounded No joke: reward offered for missing circus clown Not paid enough? Check how much people in your job earn 'Substantial' soaking to end the Illawarra's sunny spell ‘I’m gonna go bash mummy again’: Berkeley man jailed for beating girlfriend in front of toddler son Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Take a walk down memory lane with Elton John: flashback photos Take a walk down memory lane with these iconic Sir Elton John photos from the archives. Look who got married in the Illawarra: photos Do you know any of the Illawarra couples who tied the knot this year? 5 exquisite, little-known walking tracks to explore in Wollongong Lace up your walking boots, it’s time to escape the Illawarra's beaten tracks. Illawarra's most expensive homes 2016 – in pictures Location, location location. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Regional Focus National World Domain Business Politics Digital Edition Sport Local Sport Hawks Nest Dragon's Den Fishing AFL Soccer Basketball Junior Sport News Opinion Letters Opinion Editorial Community Local Business Feature Competitions Sponsorships Subscribe Forms Life & Style Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Relationships Travel Cars Pets & Animals Entertainment Books & Arts Celebrity TV & Movies Technology TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Catalyst Multimedia Today's Paper Topics ePaper WealthCheck SEARCH Follow Home News Markets Companies Money & Banking Economy Info-tech Opinion Specials BLink Portfolio Editorial Columns Letters Books Blogs AMERICAN PERISCOPE Then there were 3 C GOPINATH comments   ·   print   ·   T+  ·   T- Tweet China’s aviation ambitions take off In the first week of May, the C919, a single-aisle, twin-engine aircraft for the commercial market had a successful maiden test flight lasting about an hour. And with that, the aircraft business began the movement from a duopoly to an oligopoly. For years the two segments of the aircraft industry had just two players each. The larger aircraft market has been controlled by Airbus and Boeing and the smaller by Embraer and Bombardier. And now the C919, a 150-170 seat aircraft made by state-owned Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (Comac), is set to change the landscape. China is very keen that the rest of its reputation catch up to further its global ambitions. Its aerospace sector builds on the country’s pride and nobody counts the pennies. In early March, China launched a cargo spacecraft to dock with its unmanned orbiting space laboratory to test re-supply possibilities for a planned manned space laboratory in five years. This, when Russia has given up on Mir and the US is having second thoughts about the expenses of the International Space Station. Funding for aircraft development in China comes with a blank cheque.Not easy Comac has announced that the company will commercialise production and begin deliveries in about three years. But that’s what they said in 2015, and the original date for the first flight was 2014. The project has been quite delayed; it cannot be easy to design and build an aircraft when the technology is closely held by so few around the world, and much of it subject to export restrictions. A report in China Daily USA explained that more than 50 per cent of the components were made either by Chinese companies or by foreign joint ventures in China. Most of the large components were made by the Aviation Industry Corporation of China. Critical components that have come from overseas include avionics from Rockwell Collins, and engines from a joint venture between GE, USA, and France’s Safran SA. Much help has come from the West; the three pilots on the maiden flight graduated from the National Test Pilot School of the US. The C919 will compete with Airbus A320 and Boeing’s 737 series. From the time the C919 was first conceived and designed, Airbus and Boeing have improved their aircraft. They are positioning themselves for greater operational performance and possibly lower costs. Airbus assembles some A320 aircraft in Tianjin, and Boeing in collaboration with Comac is due to set up a completion and delivery centre in China. Comac is also a supplier to Boeing. The company estimates that there is a domestic demand for at least about 2,000, and a memo is sure to go out to the domestic airlines from the party about which aircraft to buy. The global market for aircraft is certainly large enough to accommodate three players; the two current players have long waitlists and often delay deliveries leading to order cancellations. But with a new entrant unmindful of profitability and backed by foreign policy objectives and large financial support, the competition will certainly get to be more interesting. The writer is a professor at Suffolk University, Boston (This article was published on May 16, 2017) Post Comment Related NEWS China mulls steps to protect interests of its airlines China to invest $80 billion in 193 aviation projects this year TOPICS World | China | transport and logistics | airlines and aviation | Get more of your favourite news delivered to your inbox SEND MY NEWS Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed. Tweet Please Wait while comments are loading... 1.  Comments will be moderated by The Hindu Business Line editorial team. 2.  Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. 3.  Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters,       or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text.       (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). 4.  We may remove hyperlinks within comments. 5.  Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Columns Slate Statistalk From The Viewsroom The Cheat Sheet MOST POPULAR MOST COMMENTED How will GST impact MSMEs? Rolling out GST Pax Sinica? GM mustard deserves the green signal A work in progress Then there were 3 All you wanted to know about UDAN Is it time for a new Fiscal Responsibility Act? The unknown minefield that is cyberspace China’s One Belt, One Road gamble Columnists Ashima Goyal Chitra Narayanan C.P. Chandrasekhar and Jayati Ghosh Aarati Krishnan Gnanasekaar T C. Gopinath Mohan Murti Narendar Pani G. Parthasarathy Raghuvir Srinivasan Rasheeda Bhagat D. Sampathkumar R Srinivasan Thomas K Thomas Vidya Ram LATEST NEWS US stock futures, dollar fall on rising concerns over Trump 11 min. ago Sensex trading flat; Adani Ports, Infosys stocks plunge 22 min. ago Edelweiss Financial Q4 net jumps 40% 27 min. ago Can women be given option of saying no to triple talaq: Apex court to AIMPLB 32 min. ago Mukesh Ambani leads Forbes list of Global Game Changers 42 min. ago More » O P E N close Recent Article in Opinion GM mustard deserves the green signal Its higher yields can be a game-changer. To allay fears, it can be commercially grown in a few areas and its effects monitored » Business Line: Home | News | Markets | Companies | Money & Banking | Economy | Info-tech | Opinion | Specials | BLink | Portfolio | This Site: About Us | Contacts | Privacy Policy | Archives | Subscription | RSS Feeds | Site Map | Brand Quest | ePaper | Social | BL Club | Mobile | Group Sites: The Hindu | தி இந்து | Business Line | BL on Campus | Sportstarlive | Frontline | The Hindu Centre | RoofandFloor | STEP | Publications | eBooks | Images | Comments to: web.businessline@thehindu.co.in. Copyright © 2017, The Hindu Business Line. NEVER miss any latest news! we will have it delivered hot to your inbox! SUBSCRIBE Please enter your email. Thank You. Newsletter has been successfully subscribed.
About DoD Buzz Twitter Facebook Military.com Sea Air Land Space Cyber International Intelligence Policy Industry Video Latest Headlines May 16, 2017 | Firms Announce Possible Locations to Build T-X Trainer May 15, 2017 | Super Tucano Enters Air Force Light Attack Demonstration May 12, 2017 | Ford Carrier Starting Sea Trials Before Delivery: Report May 10, 2017 | McCain Offers Sympathy to Pentagon Bookkeepers May 9, 2017 | Mattis OK With Defense Spending Boost — for Now Search for: Home Air Firms Announce Possible Locations to Build T-X Trainer TOPICS:BoeingLeonardoLockheed MartinT-X Boeing's first of two production-ready aircraft built for the U.S. Air Force's advanced pilot training competition took to the skies over St. Louis Lambert International Airport, Dec. 21, 2016, for a successful first flight. (Boeing photo) Posted By: Oriana Pawlyk May 16, 2017 Lawmakers take note: Defense contractors vying for the Air Force‘s T-X contract to replace the T-38 Talon have announced where they would build the aircraft. Boeing Co. became the latest to do so Monday when it announced it would build the new trainer in St Louis, where it already manufactures the F/A-18 Super Hornet and where the additional work would support another 1,800 jobs in the region. The Chicago-based aerospace giant is collaborating with Saab on the program and is the only bidder to offer a brand-new design. Leonardo S.p.A., which broke off from its dual venture with Raytheon Co. earlier this year to go solo on the competition instead, would build its T-100 integrated jet training system in Tuskegee, Alabama. Lockheed Martin Corp., which is working with Korea Aerospace Industries Ltd. to design a modified version of the T-50, would build the aircraft at its plant in Greenville, South Carolina. Sierra Nevada Corp. and Turkish Aerospace Industries, which Aviation Week reported are partnering on their own design that could be more fuel-efficient, haven’t yet disclosed where they would build the plane. Earlier this year, a team including Northrop Grumman Corp. and BAE Systems Plc exited the competition altogether. The Air Force in December launched the potentially $16 billion competition to build a replacement to the Northrop-made T-38, which entered service in 1961. The service wants to buy 350 new trainer aircraft at a time when the service needs to replenish its fighter pilot ranks. The contract is expected to be awarded later this year. Previous post About the Author Oriana Pawlyk Oriana Pawlyk is a reporter at Military.com. She can be reached at oriana.pawlyk@military.com. Follow her on Twitter at @Oriana0214. Related Articles F-16 Grounding Highlights Need for Upgrades Navy Seeks Feedback on UCLASS Program Lockheed Martin Receives $1.3 Billion F-35 Contract Boeing Wins $4 Billion, Five-Year Chinook Deal Military.com on Facebook Most Popular Posts Twitter Feed Tweets by @Militarydotcom Recent Comments Fred Pollard on Hack of Ukrainian Power Grid Marks ‘New Territory,’ Analyst Says Valvatorez on U.S. Dominates Global Arms Trade: Report FormerDirtDart on We’re Back! Thank You for Your Patience Chris on We’re Back! Thank You for Your Patience xxTomcatxx on U.S. Dominates Global Arms Trade: Report Got a Hot Tip? Get the DoD Buzz Newsletter Twitter | Facebook Copyright Military.com 2017
🔍 Home Magazines Advertising Events Videos Contact us Special Reports Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Shipbuilding/Repair Deepwater Offshore Coastal/Inland Government Equipment Training Law & Regulations Inmarsat Launches Fourth Global Xpress Satellite Posted by Michelle Howard May 16, 2017 Photo: Inmarsat Inmarsat, a provider of global mobile satellite communications, has confirmed the successful launch of the fourth, high-speed broadband communications satellite in its transformational Global Xpress (GX) constellation. Inmarsat GX is the world’s first globally available, broadband connectivity service and was created to enable communities across the world to benefit from the emerging digital society. Inmarsat-5 F4 (I-5 F4) was launched by SpaceX on a Falcon 9 rocket at 00:21 (BST) / 19:21 (ET) from the historic launch pad 39A at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Following satellite separation at 00:53 (BST) / 19:53 ET, we acquired telemetry from our Perth ground station at 01:04 BST / 20:04 ET. The launch team from Inmarsat and Boeing Network & Space Systems, the manufacturer of I-5 F4, are now raising the spacecraft to a geostationary orbit, at which point the satellite will deploy its solar arrays and reflectors, and undergo payload testing.  I-5 F4 joins the three GX satellites already in orbit, which have, since December 2015, been delivering unprecedented service speeds, global coverage, reliability and security to users on land, at sea and in the air.   The fourth satellite adds further capacity to the GX network, as well as in-orbit redundancy that further upgrades the reliability and resilience of Inmarsat’s service offerings.     Email Related News Campbell Acquires Barges, Towboats from ACBL Campbell Transportation Company, Inc. said it has signed an agreement with American Commercial Barge Line LLC (ACBL) to acquire… New Double Drum Bow Winch from JonRie JonRie Marine Winches has launched its new Container Master Series “220” double drum bow winch, currently installed on the tug Independent… India Deploys Eastern Fleet Ships Overseas Indian Naval Ships Shivalik, Sahyadri, Jyoti and Kamorta of the Eastern Fleet manouvering in the Andaman Sea. The task force… Five Power Defence Drill in International Waters Australia, Malaysia, Singapore, New Zealand and the United Kingdom have completed Five Power Defence Arrangements exercise in international waters… Australia’s New Patrol Boat Named Cape Fourcroy The Australian Navy’s ninth Cape-class patrol boat was officially named during a ceremony held at the HMAS Stirling naval base in Western Australia. US Navy to Christen Submarine Indiana The Navy will christen its newest Virginia-class fast attack submarine, the future USS Indiana (SSN 789), during an 11 a.m. Partners Aim to Encourage Maritime Entrepreneurs, Innovation SUNY Maritime College and EEX Maritime Oy, of Finland, will be working together to encourage entrepreneurs and technological innovations in the maritime industry. NSSLGlobal Launches Cellular/VSAT Hybrid System VSAT provider NSSLGlobal has launched its first-ever hybrid cellular/VSAT solution for maritime vessels, the Cellular Marine System. This service will complement NSSLGlobal’s airtime VSAT offering… Popular News Late & Overweight: Germany's New Frigates Found Wanting Germany's much-delayed new frigates, built by ThyssenKrupp and Luerssen for at least 650 million euros ($710 million) apiece New Floating Dry Dock for Marisco in Hawaii A new concrete floating dry dock has been launched by Singapore marine engineering company GL Engineering & Construction Pte Ltd (GL E&C). CBP Withdraws Obama-proposed Jones Act Changes U.S. Customs and Border Protection has withdrawn an Obama-era proposal to modify a law that governs shipping Southeast Asia's Largest Concrete Floating Dry Dock Launched Southeast Asia’s largest concrete floating dry dock has been launched by Singapore’s marine engineering company Jobs 🔍 Teledyne Impulse – Engineering Manager ● Teledyne Marine Teledyne RD Instruments / Oceanscience Technical Sales Manager ● Teledyne Marine Dispatcher/Operations ● Bouchard Transportation Co., Inc. Night Dispatcher ● Bouchard Transportation Co., Inc. ● Melville, NY, USA Teledyne SeaBotix – Global Head of Sales - ROV ● Teledyne Marine Post Resume Employers – Post Jobs Maritime Reporter and Engineering News’ first edition was published in New York City in 1883 and became our flagship publication in 1939. It is the world’s largest audited circulation magazine serving the global maritime industry, delivering more insightful editorial and news to more industry decision makers than any other source. Subscribe Maritime Reporter E-News is the subsea industry's largest circulation and most authoritative ENews Service, delivered to your Email three times per week Subscribe for Maritime Reporter E-News Subscribe to Maritime Reporter Magazine Subscribe to Marine News Magazine Subscribe to Maritime Reporter Email News Download Maritime Global News iPhone and Android app Maritime Directory Maritime Intelligence Terms and Conditions Copyright Privacy Archive MarineLink.com MaritimeProfessional.com MaritineTechnologyNews.com WorldEnergyNews.com MaritimeJobs.com YachtingJournal.com MarineElectronics.com MaritimePropulsion.com Maritime Reporter Magazine Marine News Magazine Maritime Professional Magazine Marine Technology Magazine Maritime Magazines White Papers US Maritime Intelligence Maritime Directory
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All Boeing Shares Go Up as Cowen Reiterates Outperform Rating TheStreet Staff May 16, 2017 9:37 AM EDT Boeing (BA) shares rose almost 1.5% in pre-open trading on Tuesday, just days before President Trump plans a middle east visit, including a stop in Saudi Arabia, a nation the U.S. has recently agreed to sell $100 billion in arms. Read The Full Story Here: Boeing Shares Rise as Cowen Reiterates Outperform Rating, Sees Strong Backlog This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like Boeing Shares Rise as Cowen Reiterates Outperform Rating, Sees Strong Backlog Boeing BA shares rose almost 1.5% in pre-open trading on Tuesday. Gregory Morcroft May 16, 2017 4:06 PM EDT Boeing Gets Regulatory Approval to Deliver 737 MAX Boeing is expected to deliver the first 737 MAX this month following final approval of the aircraft's CFM Leap-1B engines from the FAA and EASA. Giovanni Bruno May 16, 2017 2:20 PM EDT Boeing Selects St. Louis Plant For Potential Jet Program The St. Louis plant would manufacture Boeing's T-X trainer jets. Giovanni Bruno May 15, 2017 12:45 PM EDT Trending European Stocks Called Lower as Trump Allegations Hit Global Markets Ford Makes This Super Fancy Pickup Truck You Never Heard of Before -- Here's What It's Like 20 Large Retailers Besides J.C. Penney Are Closing Waves of Stores FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal If Ford Tweeted Photos of Amazing Cars Like Tesla's Elon Musk, Maybe Its Stock Price Would Go Up Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:04 GMT +317 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search Inmarsat-5 Satellite to Expand Capacity of High-Speed Broadband Network - Boeing © REUTERS/ Joe Skipper Tech 17:25 16.05.2017Get short URL 17823 The final Inmarsat-5 satellite will boost speed and reliability of Inmarsat’s global broadband network once the satellite becomes fully operational later this year, the defense and aerospace contractor Boeing announced in a press release on Tuesday. WASHINGTON (Sputnik) — Boeing has a strategic partnership with Inmarsat and currently provides both military-band and commercial services to US government customers, the release explained. More photos from today's Falcon 9 launch → https://t.co/095WHWMtKp pic.twitter.com/QlfWZ2mHRB — SpaceX (@SpaceX) 16 мая 2017 г. ​"This is the fourth Inmarsat-5 satellite Boeing has built for Inmarsat’s Global Xpress network," the release stated. "After reaching its final orbit, the satellite will undergo testing and checkout before being declared operational." Quick video recap of Falcon 9 launch of Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 pic.twitter.com/W8eVUEsH6r — SpaceX (@SpaceX) 16 мая 2017 г. ​The satellite was launched on Monday from the US state of Florida on a Falcon 9 rocket built by the private company Space X. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 23 Tags: SpaceX Falcon 9, Inmarsat 5F-2, SpaceX TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 10:03First Case of Human Contracting Bird Flu Registered in China's Shanxi Province 09:53Russia Ready to Boost Counterterror Cooperation With Partners - Putin 09:40Latest Cyberattack Proves Necessity of Joint Efforts Against Cybercrime - Moscow 09:37Armed Attackers Storm TV Station Compound in Eastern Afghanistan 09:13Foreign NGOs Promote Rise of Extremism in Russia - Russian Security CouncilAll news This Is What Scares Israel’s Army Far More Than Missile Attacks 16838 Troubles Chasing US Aircraft Carriers Amid Tensions on Korean Peninsula 16527 North Korean Problem: Washington Sees No Options 'Apart From Starting a War' 13218 Vladimir Putin Plays Grand Piano at Chinese Leader’s Residence (VIDEO) 10260 Boobs and Butts: Vietnamese Girl's Nude Photos Wow Web Surfers 9520All news How Gorbachev Destroyed the USSR's Military Space Program, & What It Cost Russia 39 Kurdish Expansion Plans Risk Undermining Russia-Sponsored Safe Zones in Syria 28 Washington Should Cure Anti-Russia Hysteria With Memory of WWII, Analyst Says 28 Torch-Wielding Mob Led by White Nationalist Protests Confederate Statue Removal 25 Top Think Tank Once Predicting 'Russia's Collapse' Now Freaked Over Its Vitality 23All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Russian, Syrian Marines Hold Joint Firing Drills in Port City of Tartus Trump, You’re Fired ... Out of a Cannon ... Into the Sun Russia's Black Sea Fleet, More Than Two Centuries on Duty News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu TIMING IS EVERYTHING SpaceX’s sixth successful launch in 2017 puts Elon Musk’s company on pace to beat its rivals Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business May 16, 2017 The big bird flies. (SpaceX) Share Written by Tim Fernholz Obsession Space Business May 16, 2017 Flying the biggest satellite that SpaceX has ever launched, weighing in at more than 6 metric tons, proved a routine piece of business for the company’s Falcon 9 rocket yesterday. The Inmarsat-owned satellite, built by Boeing, was originally scheduled to fly on a larger rocket, the Falcon Heavy, that SpaceX hopes to debut later this year. Flying the big bird on a smaller rocket required some sacrifices on SpaceX’s part—the first stage booster could not be recovered for potential re-use, for example, since much of the fuel necessary would be used in flight. But the success puts the company on a path to finally hit its long-dreamed-of high-speed launch cadence. SpaceX has been hoping to out-fly its competitors for the last several years, planning on a dozen to even 18 launches in a single calendar year. But in 2015, a mid-flight explosion grounded SpaceX’s rocket for six months, putting a kibosh on those plans, and a 2016 refueling mishap required four months of work to ensure the rocket was ready for flight. Now, having launched six rockets before the halfway point of 2017, the company looks set to hit its goals and finally fly more rockets than its incumbent competitors, the Boeing-Lockheed Martin joint venture United Launch Alliance, and the European champion Arianespace. That’s striking, given that SpaceX’s first commercial mission was in 2012. (ULA was formed in 2006, and Arianespace in 1980.) This year, Arianespace has been the victim of circumstance, with its major spaceport becoming a pawn in a political battle between impoverished French Guianans and the mainland French government. The protests have now been resolved, allowing the company to start launching again. For the rest of this year, SpaceX has plenty to do. It will launch a Bulgarian television satellite, and communications birds for Intelsat, Iridium, SES, and Echostar. It is expected to launch satellites on behalf of Taiwan and South Korea. And the company plans to launch its own demonstration satellite to provide internet access. Perhaps most importantly, it will fly three missions to the International Space Station for NASA, as well as demonstrating an uncrewed flight of its new astronaut-carrying space capsule. Plus, it expects to fly the experimental Falcon Heavy. That’s a lot of work—at least a dozen more missions—and it will require the company’s engineers and technicians to move fast and carefully, with no major mishaps. The company’s goal has long been a mission cadence of one flight every two weeks, a pace it hit this month and in March but has yet to sustain over time. The tiny signals of progress are there—during yesterday’s launch, the company began loading liquid oxygen into the rocket ten minutes later than usual, part of an effort to compress and shorten the countdown process. The rewards of frequent launches are clear: Besides establishing the Falcon 9’s reliability, and the constant stream of data used by engineers after every launch to refine the vehicle, each launch represents revenue won by SpaceX. While the company brushed off financial concerns after its 2016 mishap, with officials noting that it had no debt and $1 billion in cash on its books, replenishing its coffers will give SpaceX greater security and more resources to tackle big projects ahead—including its mooted satellite internet constellation and an inter-planetary transportation system for reaching Mars. Most Popular Silicon Valley has idolized Steve Jobs for decades—and it’s finally paying the price Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Aerospace 3D Printing Market by Manufacturer and Regions ReportsWeb.com has announced the addition of the Global Aerospace 3D Printing Market Research Report 2017 The report focuses on global major leading players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 16, 2017 ) This report studies Aerospace 3D Printing in Global market, especially in North America, Europe, China, Japan, Southeast Asia and India, focuses on top manufacturers in global market, with capacity, production, price, revenue and market share for each manufacturer, covering Airbus Boeing GE Honeywell International Rolls-Royce AERIA Luxury Interiors JBRND Moog MTU Aero Engines Norsk Titanium Pratt & Whitney Purchase this report -http://www.reportsweb.com/buy&RW0001536191/buy/2900 and get, Discount on report purchase - http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001536191/discount Market Segment by Regions, this report splits Global into several key Regions, with production, consumption, revenue, market share and growth rate of Aerospace 3D Printing in these regions, from 2011 to 2021 (forecast) , like North America Europe China Japan Southeast Asia India Split by product type, with production, revenue, price, market share and growth rate of each type, can be divided into Stainless Steel Titanium Alloy Nickel Base Superalloy Split by application, this report focuses on consumption, market share and growth rate of Aerospace 3D Printing in each application, can be divided into Aircraft Parts Engine Body Other Get free sample copy of report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001536191/sample Table of Content 1 Aerospace 3D Printing Market Overview 2 Global Aerospace 3D Printing Market Competition by Manufacturers 3 Global Aerospace 3D Printing Production, Revenue (Value) by Region (2011-2016) 4 Global Aerospace 3D Printing Supply (Production) , Consumption, Export, Import by Regions (2011-2016) 4.1 Global Aerospace 3D Printing Consumption by Regions (2011-2016) 4.2 North America Aerospace 3D Printing Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.3 Europe Aerospace 3D Printing Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.4 China Aerospace 3D Printing Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.5 Japan Aerospace 3D Printing Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.6 Southeast Asia Aerospace 3D Printing Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 4.7 India Aerospace 3D Printing Production, Consumption, Export, Import (2011-2016) 5 Global Aerospace 3D Printing Production, Revenue (Value) , Price Trend by Type 5.1 Global Aerospace 3D Printing Production and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.2 Global Aerospace 3D Printing Revenue and Market Share by Type (2011-2016) 5.3 Global Aerospace 3D Printing Price by Type (2011-2016) 5.4 Global Aerospace 3D Printing Production Growth by Type (2011-2016) 6 Global Aerospace 3D Printing Market Analysis by Application 6.1 Global Aerospace 3D Printing Consumption and Market Share by Application (2011-2016) 6.2 Global Aerospace 3D Printing Consumption Growth Rate by Application (2011-2016) 6.3 Market Drivers and Opportunities 6.3.1 Potential Applications 6.3.2 Emerging Markets/Countries 7 Global Aerospace 3D Printing Manufacturers Profiles/Analysis 7.1 Airbus 7.1.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.1.2 Aerospace 3D Printing Product Type, Application and Specification 7.1.2.1 Stainless Steel 7.1.2.2 Titanium Alloy 7.1.3 Airbus Aerospace 3D Printing Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.1.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.2 Boeing 7.2.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.2.2 Aerospace 3D Printing Product Type, Application and Specification 7.2.2.1 Stainless Steel 7.2.2.2 Titanium Alloy 7.2.3 Boeing Aerospace 3D Printing Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.2.4 Main Business/Business Overview 7.3 GE 7.3.1 Company Basic Information, Manufacturing Base and Its Competitors 7.3.2 Aerospace 3D Printing Product Type, Application and Specification 7.3.2.1 Stainless Steel 7.3.2.2 Titanium Alloy 7.3.3 GE Aerospace 3D Printing Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin (2015 and 2016) 7.3.4 Main Business/Business Overview 8 Aerospace 3D Printing Manufacturing Cost Analysis 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis 12 Global Aerospace 3D Printing Market Forecast (2016-2021) 13 Research Findings and Conclusion Get more information about Aerospace 3D Printing Market at http://www.reportsweb.com/global-aerospace-3d-printing-market-research-report-2017 Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +91-20-67278686 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Lethal Injection Bill Cosby Scandal TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement News U.S. news World Investigations Crime & Courts Asian America Latino NBCBLK News May 12 2017, 12:19 pm ET Faulty Repairs Cause $4 Million in Damage to Air Force One’s Oxygen System by Hans Nichols Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement One of the president's Air Force One planes was put at risk when mechanics used contaminated tools during "heavy maintenance" last April, causing roughly $4 million in damages, according to the Air Force. The contamination occurred in April of last year while President Barack Obama was still president. Because of unsafe cleaning procedures, there was a risk of fire breaking out on the plane. Secret Service agents stand by as Air Force One departs from Dallas Love Field Airport March 12, 2016 in Dallas. Ashley Landis / Getty Images pool file Three Boeing mechanics working on the plane, "failed to follow proper maintenance procedures leading to the contamination of the oxygen system," according to a report by the Air Force Materiel Command. They were working on a VC-25A, one of two specially configured Boeing 747-200B aircraft, which are known as Air Force One when they fly the president. Boeing repaid for the damages at its own expense. After he was elected but before he assumed office, President Donald Trump threatened to cancel an order with Boeing for two updated 747's that would join the Air Force One fleet. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Inside Trump's Beef With Boeing Over Air Force One 2:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/827068995570" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> "Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion," he said on twitter. "Cancel order!" But on his inaugural flight as president, he called one of the current versions "beautiful," and a "great plane." Hans Nichols Twitter Email Topics U.S. news, Military First Published May 12 2017, 12:19 pm ET Next Story From Death Row to Freedom: The Long Journey of James Dennis advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Subscribe | Sign in. 76° Mostly Cloudy See complete forecast Search menu Advanced Search Archives Site map Submit a photo News Today's news Weather Local news Town Talk Lights & Sirens Old Home Town Events Obituaries City hall Business State & regional Kansas government Crime, fire & courts Legal Announcements Schools & education First Bell KU news Heard on the Hill Haskell Couples Births Sound off Statehouse Live Sports KUsports Haskell Royals Chiefs Sporting KC High school Professional Columns KU Today Events Health Entertainment Living Faith Food Travel Home & Garden Pets Volunteers Events Health Opinion Staff blogs Editorials Letters to the editor Saturday column On the street Discussion/Forums Your turn Local columns Syndicated columns Submit your letter Multimedia Videos Photo galleries Audio slide shows Submit a photo Help Subscribe Social media directory Contact us Email & Text alerts Advanced search Submit a photo Submit a news item Emergency resources Username FAQ's Business Directory Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Apartments Deals Coupons Circulars Today's news Letter to the editor: Our leader Email Print Facebook Tweet Post a comment By Randi Hacker, Lawrence May 17, 2017 Advertisement To the editor: Here is a quote from a recent Time interview with Donald J. Trump: “They said the F-35 program is now straightened out and the costs are way down. They’re down because of me. Then Boeing when the F-18, I mean I must have got thirty-five million of each plane off ... You know they had the F-35s, they had thirty-five of them fly over Japan when [Defense Secretary] General [James] Mattis was there, and they were not detected by the radar. They flew over and everyone said where the hell did they come from? That’s stealth. It’s pretty cool, right. Thirty-five of them flying at a high speed, low, and they were not detected. They flew right over the top of the deal, nobody knew they were coming. Pretty cool, right?” Our diplomatic relations, foreign policy and nuclear codes are in the hands of this man. Copyright 2017 The Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. We strive to uphold our values for every story published. Print Favorite Comment E-mail to a friend Facebook Tweet LinkedIn StumbleUpon Google + Tumblr Wordpress Reddit Copy and paste the link: More like this story on LJWorld.com Letter to the editor: Give Trump a chance Opinion: Trump diminishing GOP chances Trump: U.S. must 'greatly strengthen' nuclear capability Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Sign in to comment Login/Signup loading... Most discussed Most e-mailed Trump revealed highly classified info to Russia, reportedly putting source at risk May 16, 2017 · 25 comments Blog: School district won't say what it plans to pay Hayden in new COO position; new questions about timing of superintendent's resignation May 16, 2017 · 16 comments Source: Trump asked Comey to shut down Flynn investigation May 16, 2017 · 5 comments Opinion: Republicans, rein in Trump now May 16, 2017 · 6 comments Police investigating armed robbery at Lawrence fast food restaurant May 16, 2017 · 6 comments Opinion: 3 U.S. presidents and the truth May 15, 2017 · 13 comments Former Kansas Rep. Joshua Svaty to run for governor in 2018 May 16, 2017 · 4 comments Hayden to resign as Lawrence superintendent, will stay with district in new role, pending board approval May 12, 2017 · 25 comments Kansas House puts full repeal of Brownback's 2012 tax cuts up for consideration May 15, 2017 · 4 comments Trump abruptly axes FBI’s Comey in midst of Russia probe May 9, 2017 · 41 comments More KU names new vice provost of diversity and equity May 16, 2017 Lawrence teen played crucial role in uncovering long-lost city of Etzanoa May 16, 2017 Former Kansas Rep. Joshua Svaty to run for governor in 2018 May 16, 2017 More Advertisement Sections Today's news / Local / State / Sports / Entertainment / Living / Business / Opinion / Faith / Politics / LJWorld.com News archives / About / Feedback / Contact / Media licensing requests / Terms of service / Staff / Jobs / Sitemap / e-Edition Services Subscribe / Advertising / Customer service / Online Store Submit News / Photo / Events / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Births / Letter to the Editor / Press release / DMCA Notice Also online Photos / Podcasts / Videos / Circulars / Mobile edition / Email Alerts & Newsletters / Kansas Weddings Magazine / Social media directory Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Lawrence Journal-World. All rights reserved. See our terms of use for RSS feeds.
Skip to section navigation Skip to page content Objective Analysis. Effective Solutions. Toggle Menu Site-wide navigation About RAND RAND at a Glance Vision History and Mission Leadership Organizational Structure Contacts Locations Quality Standards Educational Opportunities Employment Support RAND Press Room Events Research Policy Focus Children and Families Education and the Arts Energy and Environment Health and Health Care Infrastructure and Transportation International Affairs Law and Business National Security Population and Aging Public Safety Science and Technology Terrorism and Homeland Security Trending Topics North Korea Health Insurance International Diplomacy Information Security The Islamic State (Terrorist Organization) Adolescent Health Immigrants and Emigrants Corrections All Topics Browse Reports Research Programs Homeland Security Operational Analysis Center RAND Army Research Division RAND Australia RAND Education RAND Europe RAND Health RAND Justice, Infrastructure, and Environment RAND Labor and Population RAND National Security Research Division RAND Project AIR FORCE All Programs Featured Research Activities RAND International Center for Asia Pacific Policy Center for Global Risk and Security Center for Middle East Public Policy Center for Russia and Eurasia RAND Gulf States Policy Institute Research Departments Latest Insights Reports Iranian Domestic Issues Could Challenge the Nuclear Deal Lessons from Russia's Operations in Ukraine Blog Posts What Street Food Vendors in Uganda Need to Succeed Mining the Moon for Rocket Fuel to Get Us to Mars Multimedia Preventing Veteran Suicide Direction of Foreign Policy in Trump Administration's First 100 Days Policy Experts All Experts Spotlight Deborah Cohen @DrDebCohen Commentary: What Street Food Vendors in Uganda Need to Succeed Hans Pung Commentary: A Risk Worth Taking? The Rationale Behind Prime Minister May's Early Election Gambit By Policy Focus Children and Families Education and the Arts Energy and Environment Health and Health Care Infrastructure and Transportation International Affairs Law and Business National Security Population and Aging Public Safety Science and Technology Terrorism and Homeland Security Capabilities Drawing upon decades of experience, RAND provides research services, systematic analysis, and innovative thinking to a global clientele that includes government agencies, foundations, and private-sector firms. Capabilities Overview RAND Solutions Who We Work For Public Sector Philanthropic Sector Private Sector Work with Us Explore Business Contacts About RAND Research Disciplinary Expertise Methods Centers Quality Standards Featured Solutions Assessing and Articulating the Wider Benefits of Research Managing Escalation in Crisis and War Methods Centers RAND Center for Causal Inference RAND Center for Scalable Computing and Analysis Graduate School The Pardee RAND Graduate School (PRGS.edu) is the largest public policy Ph.D. program in the nation and the only program based at an independent public policy research organization—the RAND Corporation. About PRGS Admissions Academics and Degree Program Students Faculty Featured Video on PRGS.edu Overview: Pardee RAND Graduate School Student Spotlight Ashley N. Muchow Assistant Policy Researcher; Ph.D. Candidate, Pardee RAND Graduate School Jesse Lastunen Assistant Policy Researcher; Ph.D. Candidate, Pardee RAND Graduate School About 中文(简体) العربية Sign In Sign out Cart Toggle Search Site-wide SearchSearch RAND > The RAND Blog > The RAND Blog commentary (The Conversation) May 16, 2017 Mining the Moon for Rocket Fuel to Get Us to Mars An artist's rendering of a refueling depot between Earth and the moon Photo by Sung Wha Kang/RISD/CC BY-ND 4.0 by Gary Li, Danielle DeLatte, Jerome Gilleron, Samuel Wald, Therese Marie Jones Forty-five years have passed since humans last set foot on an extraterrestrial body. Now, the moon is back at the center of efforts not only to explore space, but to create a permanent, independent space-faring society. Planning expeditions to Earth's nearest celestial neighbor is no longer just a NASA effort, though the U.S. space agency has plans for a moon-orbiting space station that would serve as a staging ground for Mars missions in the early 2030s. The United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing, is planning a lunar fueling station (PDF) for spacecraft, capable of supporting 1,000 people living in space within 30 years. Billionaires Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos and Robert Bigelow all have companies aiming to deliver people or goods to the moon. Several teams competing for a share of Google's US$30 million cash prize are planning to launch rovers to the moon. We and 27 other students from around the world recently participated in the 2017 Caltech Space Challenge, proposing designs of what a lunar launch and supply station for deep space missions might look like, and how it would work. The raw materials for rocket fuel Right now all space missions are based on, and launched from, Earth. But Earth's gravitational pull is strong. To get into orbit, a rocket has to be traveling 11 kilometers a second — 25,000 miles per hour! Any rocket leaving Earth has to carry all the fuel it will ever use to get to its destination and, if needed, back again. That fuel is heavy — and getting it moving at such high speeds takes a lot of energy. If we could refuel in orbit, that launch energy could lift more people or cargo or scientific equipment into orbit. Then the spacecraft could refuel in space, where Earth's gravity is less powerful. The moon has one-sixth the gravity of Earth, which makes it an attractive alternative base. The moon also has ice, which we already know how to process into a hydrogen-oxygen propellant that we use in many modern rockets. Roving Luna NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter and Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite missions have already found substantial amounts of ice in permanently shadowed craters on the moon. Those locations would be tricky to mine because they are colder and offer no sunlight to power roving vehicles. However, we could install big mirrors on the craters' rims to illuminate solar panels in the permanently shadowed regions. Rovers from Google's Lunar X Prize competition and NASA's Lunar Resource Prospector, set to launch in 2020, would also contribute to finding good locations to mine ice. Imagining a moon base Depending on where the best ice reserves are, we might need to build several small robotic moon bases. Each one would mine ice, manufacture liquid propellant and transfer it to passing spacecraft. Our team developed plans to accomplish those tasks with three different types of rovers. Our plans also require a few small robotic shuttles to meet up with nearby deep-space mission vehicles in lunar orbit. One rover, which we call the Prospector, would explore the moon and find ice-bearing locations. A second rover, the Constructor, would follow along behind, building a launch pad and packing down roadways to ease movements for the third rover type, the Miners, which actually collect the ice and deliver it to nearby storage tanks and an electrolysis processing plant that splits water into hydrogen and oxygen. The Constructor would also build a landing pad where the small near-moon transport spacecraft we call Lunar Resupply Shuttles would arrive to collect fuel for delivery as newly launched spacecraft pass by the moon. The shuttles would burn moon-made fuel and would have advanced guidance and navigation systems to travel between lunar bases and their target spacecraft. A gas station in space When enough fuel is being produced, and the shuttle delivery system is tested and reliable, our plan calls for building a gas station in space. The shuttles would deliver ice directly to the orbiting fuel depot, where it would be processed into fuel and where rockets heading to Mars or elsewhere could dock to top up. The depot would have large solar arrays powering an electrolysis module for melting the ice and then turning the water into fuel, and large fuel tanks to store what's made. NASA is already working on most of the technology needed for a depot like this, including docking and fuel transfer. We anticipate a working depot could be ready in the early 2030s, just in time for the first human missions to Mars. The Earth-moon Lagrangian Point 1 is the perfect pit stop for a spacecraft on its way to Mars or the outer planets. To be most useful and efficient, the depot should be located in a stable orbit relatively near both the Earth and the moon. The Earth-moon Lagrangian Point 1 (L1) is a point in space about 85 percent of the way from Earth to the moon, where the force of Earth's gravity would exactly equal the force of the moon's gravity pulling in the other direction. It's the perfect pit stop for a spacecraft on its way to Mars or the outer planets. Leaving Earth Our team also found a fuel-efficient way to get spacecraft from Earth's orbit to the depot at L1, requiring even less launch fuel and freeing up more lift energy for cargo items. First, the spacecraft would launch from Earth into Low Earth Orbit with an empty propellant tank. Then, the spacecraft and its cargo could be towed from Low Earth Orbit to the depot at L1 using a solar electric propulsion tug, a spacecraft largely propelled by solar-powered electric thrusters. This would let us triple the payload delivery to Mars. At present, a human Mars mission is estimated to cost as much as US$100 billion, and will need hundreds of tons of cargo (PDF). Delivering more cargo from Earth to Mars with fewer rocket launches would save billions of dollars and years of time. A base for space exploration Building a gas station between Earth and the moon would also reduce costs for missions beyond Mars. NASA is looking for extraterrestrial life on the moons of Saturn and Jupiter. Future spacecraft could carry much more cargo if they could refuel in space — who knows what scientific discoveries sending large exploration vehicles to these moons could enable? By helping us escape both Earth's gravity and dependence on its resources, a lunar gas station could be the first small step toward the giant leap into making humanity an interplanetary civilization. Gary Li is a Ph.D. candidate in mechanical and aerospace engineering at the University of California, Los Angeles. Danielle DeLatte is a Ph.D. student in aeronautics and astronautics at the University of Tokyo. Jerome Gilleron is a Ph.D. candidate in aerospace engineering at the Georgia Institute of Technology. Samuel Wald is a Ph.D. student in aeronautics and astronautics at Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Therese Jones is a Ph.D. candidate in public policy at the Pardee RAND Graduate School. Disclosure statement Gary Li receives funding from the American Society for Engineering Education (ASEE). Danielle DeLatte receives funding from the University of Tokyo. Jerome Gilleron is a member of Space Generation Advisory Council. Samuel Wald does not work for, consult, own shares in or receive funding from any company or organization that would benefit from this article, and has disclosed no relevant affiliations beyond the academic appointment above. Therese Jones receives funding from the Homeland Security Operations and Analysis Center and the National Defense Research Institute. She is affiliated with RAND. This article was originally published on The Conversation on May 14, 2017. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Authors Therese Marie Jones Assistant Policy Researcher; Ph.D. Candidate, Pardee RAND Graduate School Topics Earth Sciences Emerging Technologies Space Exploration Space Science and Technology Related Resources Commentary The Democratization of Space Mar 28, 2016 William Welser IV @WilliamWelserIV Blog Space Talk Launches Politics Aside Nov 14, 2014 Commentary Debris Poses Increased Threat to Exploration May 16, 2014 William Welser IV @WilliamWelserIV, Dave Baiocchi @DaveBaiocchi Previous Blog PostA Risk Worth Taking? The Rationale Behind Prime Minister May's Early Election GambitNext Blog PostWhat Street Food Vendors in Uganda Need to Succeed Save to My RAND Email Print Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn About The RAND Corporation is a research organization that develops solutions to public policy challenges to help make communities throughout the world safer and more secure, healthier and more prosperous. RAND is nonprofit, nonpartisan, and committed to the public interest. Vision Leadership Quality Standards Career Opportunities Santa Monica, CA Washington, DC Pittsburgh, PA New Orleans, LA Boston, MA San Francisco, CA Cambridge, UK Brussels, BE Canberra, AU Connect Contact Us Contact Us Locations I am interested in Jobs at RAND Media Resources Congressional Resources Doing Business with RAND Supporting RAND Educational Opportunities Alumni Association Follow RAND Corporation on Facebook RAND Corporation on Twitter RAND Corporation on LinkedIn RAND Corporation on YouTube RAND Corporation on Google Plus RAND Corporation RSS Feeds RAND Corporation mobile applications Stay Informed Subscribe to the weekly Policy Currents newsletter to receive updates on the issues that matter most. Subscribe View all email newsletters Resources Multimedia Latest Reports Browse by Author RAND Classics Databases and Tools Site Information Site Map PRIVACY POLICY Support Policy Feedback Help 1776 Main Street Santa Monica, California 90401-3208 RAND® is a registered trademark. Copyright © 1994-2017 RAND Corporation.
Menu Biglaw Small Law Firms Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Counsel Business Development Future of the Supreme Court Justice Privacy Bonuses ATL Rankings Asia Chronicles Government Appellate Court Blog CLE Litigation Finance Podcast Career Center Job Listings Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends Resource Center Send Tips Advertise Events About X Close Signup Modal Above The Law In your inbox Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Send Tips Advertise Events About Above the Law 3 Lessons Learned From Litigating A Landmark Case Non-Sequiturs: 05.16.17 High-Profile Terminations: The Right Way And The Wrong Way To Do It eDiscovery Is Big Business — And Worth Fighting Over For Providers 10 Things To Know About Employee Benefits And Executive Compensation Law Is Your Firm Vulnerable To The Recent Ransomware Attack? Self-Driving… To Criminal Charges? California Cannabis: The Marijuana Retailing Rules (Part II) Top Five Reasons For Solo Or Small Firm Lawyer To Hire A Summer Associate HUGE LAYOFF REPORT: Biglaw Firm Lays Off Associates, Staff, And Partners Diversity In The Legal Profession: The More Things Change, The More They Stay The Same – Until They Don’t Bill Cosby Says The Darndest Things R-E-S-P-E-C-T (Can U Talk To Ur Professor Like This?) Wilson Sonsini Tops Life Sciences Law Firm Index For 2nd Straight Year State Accidentally Abolishes ‘American Rule’ For Attorneys’ Fees Biglaw Small Law Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Legal Tech Justice Government Appellate Court Blog Career Center Job Listings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Resource Center Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends CLE Wilson Sonsini Tops Life Sciences Law Firm Index For 2nd Straight Year Can You Pass Personal Finance 101? Take The Quiz To Find Out Do Associates Defy Generational Stereotypes? Download Our Free Report Law Schools, Litigators, SCOTUS, Supreme Court 3 Lessons Learned From Litigating A Landmark Case Paul, Weiss partner Roberta Kaplan reflects on the history-making case of United States v. Windsor. By David Lat May 16, 2017 at 7:42 PM Shares75 Edie Windsor and Roberta Kaplan (Photo by Brad Barket/Getty) What do Roberta Kaplan, the longtime Paul, Weiss partner and Above the Law’s 2013 Lawyer of the Year, and J. Michael Luttig, the Fourth Circuit judge turned Boeing general counsel, share in common? Not a lot, you might think. Kaplan, a leading liberal litigator, is most famous for winning the Supreme Court case of United States v. Windsor, a landmark LGBT rights ruling. Judge Luttig, in contrast, was for many years a top conservative contender to sit on the high court (and is now reportedly under consideration to serve as FBI director). Well, here’s your answer: they both spoke at law school graduations this year, and in their remarks, they both stressed the importance of the rule of law. In her commencement address at Pace Law School, Robbie Kaplan even gave Judge Luttig (and Above the Law) a nice shout-out: This sense of inherent dignity that animates the Supreme Court’s jurisprudence in Windsor and Obergefell is not necessarily limited to people. Like my client Edie Windsor, principles and institutions like the United States Constitution, the Rule of Law, and the Presidency itself have their own sense of dignity. Those of you who read the Above the Law blog may have seen a post about a speech former Fourth Circuit Judge Michael Luttig gave at the graduation of the University of South Carolina law school earlier this month. In that speech, Judge Luttig proclaimed that “we in the legal profession are the stewards and guardians of the Rule of Law – the foundation of civilized society and the guarantor of liberty. If this sounds as if the lawyer holds a special place in the constitutional order that is our democracy and that we are weighted by an almost-sacred responsibility, it is because we do and we are.” In these polarized times, it’s nice to see two legal luminaries from opposite sides of the aisle stressing the importance of the rule of law (even if they might disagree on whether specific actions — such as President Donald Trump’s firing of FBI director James Comey, discussed by Kaplan in her speech — are consistent with the rule of law). This is just one highlight from Robbie Kaplan’s moving and thoughtful speech, in which she shares three lessons she learned from litigating the Windsor case. Flip to the next page to read her remarks in full (and if you haven’t read it already, check out her wonderful memoir, Then Comes Marriage (affiliate link)). Promoted Sponsored Content Emergence Of Lateral Market In Dallas-Fort Worth Emergence Of Lateral Market In Dallas-Fort Worth A look into a growing region. An interview with Kinney Recruiting. A look into a growing region. An interview with Kinney Recruiting. Stephanie Wilkins Promoted Sponsored Content Become More Efficient In Your Practice With Bloomberg Law Become More Efficient In Your Practice With Bloomberg Law Bloomberg Law consolidates the best labor and employment law resources in the market… Bloomberg Law has one of the best tools in... Bloomberg BNA 1 2Next » Shares75 Topics Biglaw, Commencement, Graduation, Graduation speakers, J. Michael Luttig, Law Schools, Litigators, Mike Luttig, Paul Weiss, Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison, Politics, Robbie Kaplan, Roberta A. Kaplan, Roberta Kaplan, SCOTUS, Supreme Court —ADVERTISEMENT— ATL Law Firm Directory Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP More stats and coverage Insider Rating B+ Industry Reputation A- Top Practice by Headcount Litigation 46% Latest Revenue $0 Firm Size 949 lawyers Largest Office Latest on Paul, Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton & Garrison LLP New York Biglaw Makes Waaaay More Money Than The Rest Of You Paul, Weiss Investigating Bill O’Reilly Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson Returns Home — To Paul, Weiss Morning Docket: 01.23.17 Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Popular Articles HUGE LAYOFF REPORT: Biglaw Firm Lays Off Associates, Staff, And Partners Law School Once Again Destroys State’s Bar Exam Passage Rate State Accidentally Abolishes ‘American Rule’ For Attorneys’ Fees eDiscovery Is Big Business — And Worth Fighting Over For Providers California’s Bar Exam Results Are Absolutely Abysmal 3 Lessons Learned From Litigating A Landmark Case High-Profile Terminations: The Right Way And The Wrong Way To Do It Ninth Circuit Goes Full ‘Korematsu’ On Muslim Ban Lawyer A Closer Look At George Conway, Wachtell Lipton Partner And Husband Of Kellyanne Conway The 2017 Am Law 100: A Turning Point For Biglaw? Holdout Firm Flip-Flops On Salary Who Is The Mystery Law Student Who Came To The Rescue Of A Biglaw Partner? R-E-S-P-E-C-T (Can U Talk To Ur Professor Like This?) Fixing Law Schools Requires More ‘How To’ And Less ‘What To’ Upsetting The Applecart Of Legal Research From the Above the Law Network Are We In A Golden Age of Legal Research Innovation? Source: Lawsites Blog BEST LIFE SCIENCES LAW FIRM RANKING 2017 Source: Lake Whillans Happy Birthday, Texas Attorneys! (Or, How To Fulfill Your Texas Requirements) Source: Lawline CLE Need Leads Delivered Right to Your Law Firm? Source: Thomson Reuters Want to Be a Rainmaker? Patch Your Intake Pipeline. Source: Thomson Reuters FindLaw Case Study: Is The Grass Really Greener? Source: Thomson Reuters 5 Things First-Years Need To Do To Survive Biglaw Source: Lateral Link Emergence Of Lateral Market In Dallas-Fort Worth Source: Kinney Recruiting Non-Sequiturs: 05.16.17 Shares75 Promoted Sponsored Content Can You Pass Personal Finance 101? Take The Quiz To Find Out Can You Pass Personal Finance 101? Take The Quiz To Find Out Knowing the right answers can help you navigate through life’s financial decisions on the road to achieving your dreams… Knowing the right answers can help you navigate through life’s financial decisions on the road to achieving your dreams… Above The Law Promoted Sponsored Content Bridging the Business Intelligence Gap in Legal Operations Bridging the Business Intelligence Gap in Legal Operations For many legal departments, there is a wide gap between the metrics they need and the metrics they get. Closing the gap between the metrics you need and the metrics you get. Catalyst Recent Jobs Rechtsanwalt (m/w) für Bau- und Immobilienrecht in Frankfurt Location: Frankfurt, Germany posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Covenant Analyst Location: New York, New York posted by Xtract Research Mid Level Finance Associate Location: Dallas, Texas posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Senior Attorney - Regulatory Location: Memphis, Tennessee posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Director of Research and Content Development Location: New York City, New York posted by Intelligence Squared U.S. view all » Promoted Sponsored Content Join Us In San Francisco For Better Know A Circuit Event Join Us In San Francisco For Better Know A Circuit Event Request your RSVP now. Request your RSVP now. Elie Mystal Promoted Sponsored Content The Rocket Matter Office 365 Integration: Two Powerful Clouds, One Amazing Experience The Rocket Matter Office 365 Integration: Two Powerful Clouds, One Amazing Experience Rocket Matter’s email integration is an extremely helpful way to organize all of the information in your matters and cut down on the time it takes to bill for correspondence. Rocket Matter’s email integration is an extremely helpful way to organize all of the information in your matters and cut down on the time it takes to bill for correspondence. Rocket Matter Newsletter Signup Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Editorial Staff Managing Editor David Lat Editors Staci Zaretsky Joe Patrice Breaking Media Editor at Large Elie Mystal × Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. ×
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Election Results Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Political Headlines Rep. Duncan Hunter's campaign spent on trip to Las Vegas amid probe The San Diego Union-tribune | Tuesday, May 16, 2017, 5:15 p.m. Rep. Duncan Hunter, R-Calif., speaks during a news conference on Capitol Hill in Washington. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Updated 10 hours ago SAN DIEGO — Rep. Duncan Hunter's latest financial filings show his campaign continues to incur expenses at places such as cigar lounges, where he has previously said he prefers to hold small-scale fundraising events. His campaign spent $353 on “food/beverages” at Alpine Tobacco Company, a smoking lounge. The first-quarter report also shows Hunter's campaign paid a $1,042 hotel bill at The Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas and spent $896 at one of the hotel's bars, The Chandelier, where patrons can drink inside a huge crystal chandelier. Hunter, R-Calif., has reimbursed more than $60,000 in mistaken, personal or undocumented expenditures to his treasury since the Federal Election Commission and The San Diego Union-Tribune began questioning his expenses a year ago. More recently, the House Ethics Committee announced that it would halt an inquiry into Hunter's spending in deference to a federal criminal investigation. Use of campaign funds for personal benefit is illegal, to avoid undue influence by contributors such as defense contractors, whose bottom line can be affected by decisions in Congress. Hunter's office did not respond to questions about the official or campaign-related reasons for the recent travel to Las Vegas or the charges at the smoking lounge. After a previous Union-Tribune story about spending at cigar lounges, spokesman Joe Kasper sent an email to supporters saying all the expenses were permissible. “Hunter holds events at cigar lounges and has raised money there — in one instance, folks from D.C. were in the area and Hunter hosted a small fundraiser,” the email said. “In fact, Hunter prefers small events over large ones, and the idea that only big events can occur is ridiculous. It's also not uncommon for members of Congress to support campaign staff, volunteers and supporters through campaign funds. “So the mere suggestion that something occurred out of the parameters of permissible expenses is dead wrong.” The campaign reported paying the Chandelier bar on Jan. 11, and the hotel charge on Jan. 19. The campaign reported one contribution around those dates — $500 from David A. Whelan, a Boeing Co. executive from California, on Jan. 17. It was the first contribution the campaign reported receiving in January. The campaign received two contributions on Jan. 23 and four on Jan. 29. The latest campaign reports also show Hunter spent $69,000 in legal fees and paid $9,000 in campaign consulting fees to his wife, Margaret. The campaign reported receiving $146,000 in the quarter, with significant support from defense contractors. The final balance of funds in the treasury was $701,000. The campaign has been under scrutiny since the unusual spending came to light in April 2016. Hunter has reimbursed the campaign treasury for charges including video games, oral surgery, private school tuition, a garage door and a family trip to Italy. The charges Hunter has reimbursed included thousands of dollars for gas fill-ups, groceries, fast food and items purchased from department stores — all of which could be legitimate campaign expenses, but also have a lot in common with the expenses of a typical suburban family. The new spending report shows no charges for gas, grocery stores, fast food or department stores. Hunter has denied involvement in any “criminal activity” and attributed the charges in question to innocent mistakes and mix-ups between his campaign and personal credit cards, both of which are blue. At least $16,500 of the money Hunter's campaign raised during the first quarter of the year came from people associated with the Louisiana-based shipbuilder Edison Chouest Offshore and two of its subsidiaries, Galliano Marine Services and Bollinger Shipyards. On Feb. 22, the U.S. Coast Guard - overseen by a subcommittee Hunter chairs - announced that Bollinger Shipyards was one of five companies awarded about $20 million in fixed-price contracts for design studies for faster, less-expensive production of new ice-breaking ships. The Union-Tribune reported last year that Hunter was pushing the Coast Guard to lease or buy the Aiviq, an icebreaker owned by Edison Chouest Offshore even though Coast Guard officials had insisted the ship did not meet its needs without significant upgrades. The five icebreaker contract-winners also included General Dynamics/NASSCO. The company's political action committee reported contributing $1,500 to Hunter's campaign Feb. 15 and another $2,500 on Feb. 26. Edison Chouest Offshore did not respond to the Union-Tribune's request for comment. A spokesperson for General Dynamics/NASSCO declined to comment. A spokesman for Hunter's office provided a statement in response to questions about the contracts and campaign contributions. “It's no secret that Congressman Hunter is a champion for his constituents and for the American defense industry,” the statement said. “To suggest that any official action he may have taken was related in any way to a campaign contribution is categorically false, and it's worth noting that all contracting selection decisions are made by the United States Coast Guard and not by the Congress.” More Politics Peduto cruises to big win in Pittsburgh's mayoral primary Connelly, Spurgeon, McGinley win in Allegheny County Common Pleas primaries; Mullen wins easily Palmosina defeats incumbent Ellenbogen in Allegheny County Council primary Coghill defeats Deemer in open-seat Pittsburgh City Council primary Democrats warn their Trump obsession will hurt party TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Election roundup: Results from races across Western Pennsylvania Drug sweep nets 3 in New Kensington Peduto cruises to big win in Pittsburgh's mayoral primary Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Featured Photography Week in Pictures (May 8 - May 14) A curated collection of photojournalism from around the region, nation and world. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Recent News Newbuilding Bulkers’ Prices on the Rise, as Ship Owners Turn to Higher Spec Vessels Capesize Index- Holding within the support zone LPG freight rate recovery to be confined to smaller vessels Weaker demand across vessel segments weigh on Baltic index “Ballast Water Management Legislation Implementation: Practical problems in need of an answer” Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide, Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping    Home Shipping News top stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Recent Videos Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Market Rates Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Home / Shipping News / International Shipping News / Inmarsat confirms successful launch of the fourth Global Xpress satellite Inmarsat confirms successful launch of the fourth Global Xpress satellite in International Shipping News 17/05/2017 Inmarsat (LON: ISAT), the world’s leading provider of global mobile satellite communications, has confirmed the successful launch of the fourth, high-speed broadband communications satellite in its transformational Global Xpress (GX) constellation. Inmarsat GX is the world’s first globally available, broadband connectivity service and was created to enable communities across the world to benefit from the emerging digital society. Inmarsat-5 F4 (I-5 F4) was launched by SpaceX on a Falcon 9 rocket at 00:21 (BST) / 19:21 (ET) from the historic launch pad 39A at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Following satellite separation at 00:53 (BST) / 19:53 ET, we acquired telemetry from our Perth ground station at 01:04 BST / 20:04 ET. The launch team from Inmarsat and Boeing Network & Space Systems, the manufacturer of I-5 F4, are now raising the spacecraft to a geostationary orbit, at which point the satellite will deploy its solar arrays and reflectors, and undergo payload testing. Inmarsat I-5 F4 launch I-5 F4 joins the three GX satellites already in orbit, which have, since December 2015, been delivering unprecedented service speeds, global coverage, reliability and security to users on land, at sea and in the air. The fourth satellite adds further capacity to the GX network, as well as in-orbit redundancy that further upgrades the reliability and resilience of Inmarsat’s service offerings. “For Inmarsat, reliability and resilience are paramount,” said Rupert Pearce, CEO, Inmarsat. “Delivering global commercial services over the GX network, which we achieved at the end of 2015, was only the start of our Global Xpress project. I-5 F4 augments the capabilities of GX and, alongside our existing L-band constellations, enables Inmarsat to provide guaranteed global connectivity to industries and governments worldwide. “I would like to thank all my colleagues at Inmarsat, whose hard work and dedication is seeing Global Xpress setting a new standard of excellence for broadband communications in established VSAT markets, such the maritime and government sectors, while also rapidly gaining strong traction in new market areas, such as the rapidly expanding aviation passenger connectivity sector. “I also wish to extend my sincere thanks to our satellite manufacturing partner Boeing and our launch partner SpaceX for delivering a successful launch outcome.” Source: Inmarsat 2017-05-17 hellenicshippingnews.. tweet Share Previous: Höegh Autoliners sells Höegh Triton for green recycling Next: Shanghai steel edges up after 3-day slide, but glut weighs Related News Newbuilding Bulkers’ Prices on the Rise, as Ship Owners Turn to Higher Spec Vessels 17/05/2017 Capesize Index- Holding within the support zone 17/05/2017 LPG freight rate recovery to be confined to smaller vessels 17/05/2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Anti-Spam Please enter the CAPTCHA text Sponsors Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Read More Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Read More WEEKLY CONTAINER INDEX Read More FOLLOW US LIVE SHIPS TRAFFIC MAP Read More STOCK NEWS Read More Sponsors Newsletter Subscribe to our email newsletter. Email address: Name: Surname: Please insert the code you see in the picture. Recent Videos Pioneering Spirit 17/05/2017 M/V MEIRYU 一般貨物船 富山港湾運送 Cargo ship 大阪港 2017-APR 17/05/2017 May 16 Energy Commentary: Bob Iaccino 16/05/2017 #SCPorts Welcomes the Largest Ship Ever to Call the US East Coast 16/05/2017 Mariner Load out and sail away 16/05/2017 Ship FEDERAL CHURCHILL on Welland Canal 16/05/2017 Asia report: Optimism continues to carry equity markets 16/05/2017 Ocean Giant’s Annual Resupply of McMurdo Station, Antarctica 16/05/2017 Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide Online Daily Newspaper on Hellenic and International Shipping Shipping News Top Stories Hellenic Shipping News International Shipping News Dry Bulk Market Piracy and Security News Shipping: Emission Possible Marine Insurance P&I Club News Port News Shipbuilding News Shipping Law News Interviews Recent Videos Live Piracy Map Live Ships Worldwide Traffic Map Real Time Marine Weather DNV GL Maritime Academy Hellas Events and Training Courses Useful Links Rss Feeds Site Map Mobile Applications and Social Media Commodities Commodity News Chinese iron ore and steelmaking prices Freight News Guide for Carriage of Hazardous Materials Ship Risk Profile Calculator World Economy World Economy News IMF/OECD News Oil & Energy Oil & Companies News General Energy News Bunker Prices Worldwide Report / Analysis Weekly Dry Time Charter Estimates Weekly Tanker Time Charter Estimates Weekly Container Reports Index Weekly Vessel Valuations Report Daily Tanker Market Rates Daily Tanker Fixtures Weekly Shipbrokers Reports Monthly Shipbrokers Reports Weekly Demolition Reports Weekly Ship Sales Weekly Shipbuilding Reports Marine Engine Specifications Shipping Glossary Connect with Us Contact us - Send your news Subscribe to our free daily newsletter Stock Market News Stock News Stock Market Snapshot Daily Currencies Ratings Hellenic Shipping Companies Live Hellenic Shipping Stocks Live International Shipping Stocks Live Commodity Trade Markets Follow us © 2017 Copyright Hellenic Shipping News Worldwide All Rights Reserved. Diclaimer - Web Design & Development PG-Software This site uses cookies More infoNo problem
News E-edition Subscribe Sign in Daily Sun News Jump to content Home News Web exclusive Agriculture Briefs Business Education Government Local Police and Fire Local Links Sports High School Recreation Youth Opinion Editorials Polls Commentary Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Community Entertainment People Health & Fitness Home & Garden Religion Weddings & Engagements Obituaries and Births Obituaries & Death Notices Births Events Today's events Submit an event Media Photos Videos Galleries Our Valley Buy photos Classifieds Search ads Place ad Classifieds login Special Sections Contact Us Subscribe E-edition Contact the Daily Sun Staff Listing News Tips Letter to the Editor Anniversary Engagement Wedding Upvote 0 Norman Kidd OBITUARY Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Norman Kidd Norman Kidd, 78, passed away on May 11, 2017, at his home in Prosser after battling lung cancer for two-and half years. He was born on November 5, 1938, in Tonopah, Nev., to Everett Kidd and Clara Kidd Huffman. They moved to Redmond, Oregon when he was eight. In high school, he was on the wrestling team and graduated in 1957. After graduation, he joined the U.S. Air Force and was stationed in Tacoma, where he met and married Blanche Happy of Puyallup in 1959. Norm went to work for Boeing in Seattle as an engineer and worked on the Hydrofoil, which was an experimental water craft to be used on the Mekong River in Vietnam. Norm and Blanche raised four children while working for himself in construction. That job lasted until they moved their family to a 20-acre farm in Sunnyside. Norm began working for P.W. Pipe where he retired after 27 years before finally moving to Prosser. Norm enjoyed hunting and boating with family and friends. He also enjoyed rodeos where several of his friends were involved. Norm is survived by his wife, Blanche; his four children, Lee Kidd of Kennewick, Shawn Kidd (Robin) of Sunnyside, Brenda Clarke (Brian) of Prosser and Kimberly Kidd (Poncho) of Federal Way; five grandchildren, Brad (KayLeigh), Calvin (Kelly) and Matthew (Megan) Clarke and Colette and Alexia Kidd; and two great-grandsons, Branden and Jace Clarke with a third on the way. He was preceded in death by his father, Everett Kidd, his mother, Clara Huffman and a sister, Altha Langholz. A special thanks to the medical staff at Kadlec Cancer Center. Visitation is scheduled from 4 to 7 p.m. Friday, May 19, at Prosser Funeral Home. The funeral service will be held at 2 p.m. on Saturday, May 20, 2017, at Prosser Funeral Home. Concluding services and burial, with full military honors, will follow at the Prosser Cemetery. Message for the family may be left at www.prosserfuneralhome.com More like this story Norman Lee Nesary DEATH NOTICE OBITUARY Joziah Paul Martinez Obituary Comments Comments are subject to moderator review and may not appear immediately on the site. Please read our commenting policy before posting. Any comment violating the site's commenting guidelines will be removed and the user could be banned from the site. Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Sign in to comment Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email > 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Hot Jobs View all listings CITY OF SUNNYSIDE CITY OF SUNNYSIDE MABTON SCHOOL DISTRICT #120 JOURNEYMAN ELECTRICIAN OFFICE MANAGER RECORDS ADMINISTRATOR Mobile version Tablet version Sunnyside Daily Sun News 600 S. 6th St., P.O. Box 878 Sunnyside, WA 98944 Ph. 509-837-4500 - Fax 509-837-6397 Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Eagle Newspapers, Inc. All rights reserved.
PurchasingB2B Subscribe News Features Opinions Events More Digital Edition Digital Archives Salary Calculator Subscribe About Us Contact Us Advertise WestJet welcomes back Rossen Dimitrov Rossen has also worked with multiple global airlines including Qatar Airways May 16, 2017 Categories Travel Management Canada Topics Business Operations Tags Chief Guest Experience Officer Qatar Airways Rossen Dimitrov WestJet May 16, 2017 Purchasing B2B CALGARY—WestJet today announced that Rossen Dimitrov will return to WestJet as Rossen Dimitrov returns to WestJet as Chief Guest Experience Officer (CNW Group/WestJet) Chief Guest Experience Officer effective May 15, 2017. Rossen was WestJet’s Director of Inflight Services from 2011 to 2013. Rossen will be responsible for WestJet’s inflight, catering, contact centre, onboard product development and guest experience teams. He will also provide experience and expertise as WestJet launches its new Boeing MAX aircraft with elevated Plus service, and will be a key team member as the airline makes product and configuration decisions for its recently announced Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner fleet. Rossen has worked with multiple global airlines including Qatar Airways where he helped launched its business class product, Qsuite. He was ranked third on Future Travel Experience’s “Power List 2016.” He helped Qatar Airways garner a number of awards and accolades including Skytrax’s 2016 World’s Best Business Class, World’s Best Business Class Lounge, and Best Airline Staff in the Middle East. Rossen also sits on the Future Travel Experience Advisory Board, which is defining the end-to-end passenger experience of the future. Share This Post Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Print this page Related Posts WestJet to purchase 65 Boeing 737 MAX aircraft WestJet wins Stevie Award WestJet selects Panasonic for inflight entertainment and connectivity WestJet announced new Quebec routes Air Canada to launch its own loyalty program Toronto Pearson working with Southern Ontario Airport Network Services Advertise Contact Us Subscribe Print Subscribe E-News View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Manufacturing Network Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Connected Aerospace > Inmarsat launches fourth Global Xpress satellite Inmarsat launches fourth Global Xpress satellite May 16, 2017 Linda Blachly EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Inmarsat-5 F4 (I-5 F4) was launched by SpaceX on a Falcon 9 rocket May 16 at 00:21 (BST)/19:21 (ET) from launch pad 39A at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Following satellite separation at 00:53 (BST)/19:53 ET, Inmarsat said it acquired telemetry from the Perth ground station at 01:04 BST/20:04 ET. Inmarsat Twitter feed Related Media Photo Gallery: The first flight of Boeing's 787-10 Advertisement Global mobile satellite communications services provider Inmarsat launched the fourth high-speed broadband communications satellite in its Global Xpress program, Inmarsat-5 F4 (I-5 F4). According to Inmarsat, the Boeing-built I-5 F4 satellite was launched May 16 by SpaceX on a Falcon 9 rocket at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida. I-5 F4 joins the three GX satellites already in orbit, which have, since December 2015, been “delivering unprecedented service speeds, global coverage, reliability and security to users on land, at sea and in the air,” Inmarsat said in a statement.  “The fourth satellite adds further capacity to the GX network, as well as in-orbit redundancy that further upgrades the reliability and resilience of Inmarsat’s service offerings.” Inmarsat CEO Rupert Pearce said, “Delivering global commercial services over the GX network, which we achieved at the end of 2015, was only the start of our Global Xpress project. I-5 F4 augments the capabilities of GX and, alongside our existing L-band constellations, enables Inmarsat to provide guaranteed global connectivity to industries and governments worldwide.” Inmarsat GX is the first globally available, broadband connectivity service and was created to enable communities across the world to benefit from the emerging digital society. The first Global Xpress satellite—Inmarsat-5 F1—was launched in December 2013 and entered commercial service in July 2014, covering Europe, the Middle East, Africa and Asia. This was followed by the launch of Inmarsat-5 F2 on Feb. 1, 2015, which covers the Americas and the Atlantic Ocean and entered commercial service in August. Inmarsat-5 F3 was launched Aug. 28, 2015, from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan on an International Launch Services Proton Breeze M launch vehicle. Linda Blachly linda.blachly@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Inmarsat to launch third Global Xpress satellite Aug. 28   Inmarsat launches first Global Xpress satellite   Inmarsat launches second Global Express satellite   Inmarsat: GX program ‘on track for introduction in 2015’   Inmarsat: First Global Xpress satellite to launch Dec. 8   Blogs & Commentary May 10, 2017 blog The face of an airline It is almost impossible to imagine Etihad Airways without James Hogan, but come July that will be a reality. How do airline brands move on when their face changes?...More May 5, 2017 blog Doug Parker: ‘Our stock is so undervalued it defies logic’ What will it take for Wall Street to buy into the notion that US airlines are safe—and even forward-thinking—investments?...More May 2, 2017 blog US lawmakers are angry, but want airlines to self-regulate Today’s congressional hearing on US airline customer service was certainly a venting exercise for lawmakers. The question is, will this new wave of airline bashing stop at angry words or be followed by regulation?...More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location May 3, 2017 Article Boom CEO sees market for 1,000 supersonic passenger jets by 2035 Denver-based Boom Technology founder and CEO Blake Scholl believes the company’s first supersonic passenger aircraft can enter commercial service as soon as 2023 and there is a market for as many as 1,000 supersonic airliners to be delivered by 2035....More May 2, 2017 Article A4A airlines will no longer remove boarded passengers from aircraft All Airlines for America (A4A) member airlines are now committed to not removing a boarded passenger from an aircraft in a bumping situation and all are committed to ensuring crew being transported are booked in advance, A4A president and CEO Nicholas Calio said....More May 2, 2017 Article Confident businesses, consumers drive strong air travel demand Global air travel demand is more robust than expected so far in 2017 because of growing business and consumer confidence, according to IATA chief economist Brian Pearce....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS World News LATEST NEWS IAS officer found dead in Lucknow WB civic polls: TMC ahead in plains, GJM in hills Karnataka seeks regulatory approvals for second runway project at Kempegowda International Airport Chidambaram's columns did not exactly set Yamuna on fire: Piyush Goyal Handover all James Comey documents on Donald Trump: US Congress to FBI Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy Modi sarkar@3AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnologyMisc. Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRET 2Good 4GoodCSR CompendiumCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›World News 12:02 PM | 17 Maymarket stats SENSEX 30,59411.36 NIFTY 50 9,507-5.30 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,240146.00 USD/INR 64.01-0.07 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW SpaceX launches Inmarsat communications satellite Miami: By AFP | Updated: May 17, 2017, 01.03 AM IST Post a Comment “We’ve had confirmation of spacecraft separation,” said a SpaceX commentator about 30 minutes after launch, signaling that the satellite was successfully deployed to a distant, geostationary orbit. Promote your Business on Economictimes.com for free and reach out to millions of potential Customers List Your Business Find Service Near You SpaceX has launched a communications satellite for Inmarsat, marking its first launch for the London-based mobile broadband company. The Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite, built by Boeing, on Monday blasted off atop a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida at 7.21 PM (2321 GMT). “We’ve had confirmation of spacecraft separation,” said a SpaceX commentator about 30 minutes after launch, signaling that the satellite was successfully deployed to a distant, geostationary orbit. “We’ve had good orbits, good separation, all you can ask for today.” The satellite is the fourth in the company’s Global Xpress (GX) constellation, aimed at providing high-speed mobile broadband service. “Inmarsat, the only operator of a global Kaband network, created the GX platform to enable communities across the world to benefit from the emerging digital society,” said a company statement. Comments(0)Add Comments SpaceX launches Inmarsat communications satellite Miami: To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter READ MORE ONSpaceXsatellite launchMobile companyImmarsatEnglandCommunicationsBroadband Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB Tasty Deep Samosas! Khao toh jaano! Deep Foods Find a State Farm® agent near you! State Farm Insurance Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell DevelopersMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Raymond to replace 10,000 jobs with robots in next 3 years 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Construction firms to get a fillip from arbitration gains From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Grow your business. Reach targeted audience COLOMBIA TV Stars Who Earn More Than Bollywood Actors CRITICSUNION 12 astonishing amazing parks you can visit in USA Viral Vacation Ideas Terra Alegria Villas in Whitefield, Bangalore m1 Homes "Frexit" is a scenario, but probability is not high A nation of immigrants, but ambivalent about immigration French cabinet announcement delayed to Wednesday: Presidency Top stocks in focus on Wednesday, 17 May 2017 Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Pushing back against China's One Belt One Road, India, Japan build strategic 'Great Wall' Beijing's real plan revealed: Pakistan could soon turn into China's economic colony Finance Minister Arun Jaitley launches clean money portal as govt tightens grip on tax evaders HC notifies AG: Seeks disqualification of Adityanath as CM Sri Lanka backs India's concern over Kashmir in China's OBOR project More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBengal Civic Poll Results|RERA Amazon Sale|BSE Sensex Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
null
  News Magazines Events Industry Calendar Products   Home >> News: May 16th, 2017 >> Story Satnews Daily May 16th, 2017 Impressive User Throughput Demo'd by Gilat's Airborne Modem with Gogo's 2Ku Service Gilat Satellite Networks Ltd. (NASDAQ, TASE: GILT) developed an in-flight connectivity (IFC) solution that has now demonstrated unprecedented end-user throughput of more than 100 Mbps in Gogo’s live airborne media and investor event — Gilat’s airborne modem powers Gogo’s 2Ku service and will be installed in over 1,600 aircraft across more than 13 airlines this year. On May 9th 2017, Gogo hosted a major, high visibility industry event on their Boeing 737 test plane, the “Jimmy Ray.” Gogo’s 2Ku system and Gilat’s modem demonstrated more than 100 Mbps performance. This is acknowledged to be the highest performance ever achieved onboard a commercial aircraft, as well as demonstrating continuous service with excellent user experience, according to the company. The test flight confirmed its noteworthy throughput and user experience as well as successfully demonstrated interoperability capabilities of Gilat’s aero modem with the aircraft’s Communication (IFEC) avionic system. As previously announced, Gogo selected Gilat to provide the onboard VSAT modem and satellite baseband infrastructure for its next generation IFC solution. The recent flights were done upon completion of Supplement Type Certifications (STC) for this system for Boeing and Airbus aircrafts. Michael (Miki) Barak, VP Commercial Aviation & Mobility, at Gilat indicated that the SkyEdge II-c system features a comprehensive set of mobility technologies designed to meet the challenges of IFC, maritime and land mobility applications. These capabilities enable Gilat’s modems to achieve new levels of throughput, significant bandwidth efficiency and high service availability, as demonstrated in Gogo’s implementation. Topical Tags :  Events    Manufacturing    Systems    Service Provider          Regional Tags :  Middle East/Africa                     FREE SUBSCRIPTION Today's Top News CPI's ASC Signal Division Contracted by Roberts Communications to Provide Antennas for New Vegas Teleport During SES Industry Days, 4K High Frame Rate Technology via Satellite to be Demo'd The WE Satellite and LTE Portable WiFi Hotspot Enters the Market from Thuraya Impressive User Throughput Demo'd by Gilat's Airborne Modem with Gogo's 2Ku Service Thales Alenia Space Champ ... Makes and Takes 3D-Printed Parts into Orbit More News US Service Academies Engage in Swarm Challenge to Push the Boundaries of Autonomous Swarm Capabilities ABS Brings Pusterla in as the Firm's New European Managing Director Russia Will Soon No Longer be Dependent Upon US Satellites for ISS Communications ViaLite's Links Brought in to Upgrade a Fortune 500 Company's System On the ION Joint Navigation Conference Show Floor — Systron Donner Inertial Bringing Their Quartz MEMS Sensors and Systems Last Week's Top Stories Iran to Launch Two New Satellites, Likely Cover for Illicit ICBM Program European Consortium Team Up to Successfully Conduct Ultra-High Throughput Transmission Over Satellite An Infusion of Support for LeoSat Enterprises by SKY Perfect JSAT Corporation Nearly Fifty Percent of Commercial Aircraft to be Connected by 2021, According to Euroconsult Space Flight Laboratory's Smallsat Gets the Message  The Satellite Innovation Symposium — Presenting the Future... Inmarsat SwiftBroadband UAV Service ... a Product to Drone On About New Secretary of US Air Force is Third Woman to Serve In This Position WE Note A Blending of SATCOM and Terrestrial Comms by Thuraya Digital Delivery of Film for 331 Cinemas in the UK by Avanti Communications Group News Topics All Topics Agencies Analysis/Reports Business Moves Consumer Applications Events Executive Moves Finance Launch Manufacturing Military New Products Regulatory/Government SatBroadcasting Satellite Operator Service Provider SmallSat Systems News Regions All Regions Asia/Asia Pacific Europe Global Middle East/Africa North America South/Central America Past News Magazine Articles News & Data Current Satellite News Last Week's Top Stories News Topics News Regions Past News Magazines About Us Main Office / Sales Editorial Contacts History Staff Industry Industry Directory Free Publications Products Satellite Events 2017 SOFIC CASBAA Satellite Industry Forum Defence Satellites 2017 Space Tech Expo 2017 LATSAT CommunicAsia2017 Digital Ship Maritime Big Data Forum @Nor-Shipping
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Subscribe News Transportation Transportation TrendingHome Capital | Oil | NAFTA | Bombardier | Canadian dollar | Family Finance All fossil-fuel vehicles will vanish in 8 years in twin ‘death spiral’ for big oil and big autos, says study that’s shocking the industries Ambrose Evans-Pritchard, The Telegraph | May 16, 2017 10:08 AM ET More from The Telegraph Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon No more petrol or diesel cars, buses, or trucks will be sold anywhere in the world within eight years. The entire market for land transport will switch to electrification, leading to a collapse of oil prices and the demise of the petroleum industry as we have known it for a century. This is the futuristic forecast by Stanford University economist Tony Seba. His report, with the deceptively bland title Rethinking Transportation 2020-2030, has gone viral in green circles and is causing spasms of anxiety in the established industries. We are on the cusp of one of the fastest, deepest, most consequential disruptions of transportation in history Seba’s premise is that people will stop driving altogether. They will switch en masse to self-drive electric vehicles (EVs) that are ten times cheaper to run than fossil-based cars, with a near-zero marginal cost of fuel and an expected lifespan of 1 million miles. Only nostalgics will cling to the old habit of car ownership. The rest will adapt to vehicles on demand. It will become harder to find a petrol station, spares, or anybody to fix the 2,000 moving parts that bedevil the internal combustion engine. Dealers will disappear by 2024. Cities will ban human drivers once the data confirms how dangerous they can be behind a wheel. This will spread to suburbs, and then beyond. There will be a “mass stranding of existing vehicles”. The value of second-hard cars will plunge. You will have to pay to dispose of your old vehicle. It is a twin “death spiral” for big oil and big autos, with ugly implications for some big companies on the London Stock Exchange unless they adapt in time. The long-term price of crude will fall to US$25 a barrel. Most forms of shale and deep-water drilling will no longer be viable. Assets will be stranded. Scotland will forfeit any North Sea bonanza. Russia, Saudi Arabia, Nigeria, and Venezuela will be in trouble. It is an existential threat to Ford, General Motors, and the German car industry. They will face a choice between manufacturing EVs in a brutal low-profit market, or reinventing themselves a self-drive service companies, variants of Uber and Lyft. They are in the wrong business. The next generation of cars will be “computers on wheels”. Google, Apple, and Foxconn have the disruptive edge, and are going in for the kill. Silicon Valley is where the auto action is, not Detroit, Wolfsburg, or Toyota City. The shift, according to Seba, is driven by technology, not climate policies. Market forces are bringing it about with a speed and ferocity that governments could never hope to achieve. “We are on the cusp of one of the fastest, deepest, most consequential disruptions of transportation in history,” Prof Seba said. “Internal combustion engine vehicles will enter a vicious cycle of increasing costs.” The “tipping point” will arrive over the next two to three years as EV battery ranges surpass 200 miles and electric car prices in the US drop to $30,000. By 2022 the low-end models will be down to $20,000. After that, the avalanche will sweep all before it. “What the cost curve says is that by 2025 all new vehicles will be electric, all new buses, all new cars, all new tractors, all new vans, anything that moves on wheels will be electric, globally,” Prof Seba said. Related Uber Technologies Inc lays out aggressive partnership plan to begin testing flying taxis by 2020 in both Dallas and Dubai My pal the car: emotionally intelligent vehicles a technology dream but potential privacy nightmare The Canadian auto sector is in great shape, except for that looming existential crisis “Global oil demand will peak at 100 million barrels per day by 2020, dropping to 70 million by 2030.” There will be oil demand for use in the chemical industries, and for aviation, though Nasa and Boeing are working on hybrid-electric aircraft for short-haul passenger flights. Seba said the residual stock of fossil-based vehicles will take time to clear but 95 per cent of the miles driven by 2030 in the US will be in autonomous EVs for reasons of costs, convenience, and efficiency. Oil use for road transport will crash from 8 million barrels a day to 1 million. The cost per mile for EVs will be 6.8 cents, rendering petrol cars obsolete. Insurance costs will fall by 90 per cent. The average American household will save $5,600 per year by making the switch. The US government will lose $50 billion a year in fuel taxes. Britain’s exchequer will be hit pari passu. “Our research and modelling indicate that the $10 trillion annual revenues in the existing vehicle and oil supply chains will shrink dramatically,” Prof Seba said. “Certain high-cost countries, companies, and fields will see their oil production entirely wiped out. Exxon-Mobil, Shell and BP could see 40 per cent to 50 per cent of their assets become stranded,” the report said. These are all large claims, though familiar those on the cutting edge of energy technology. While the professor’s timing may be off by a few years, there is little doubt about the general direction. India is drawing up plans to phase out all petrol and diesel cars by 2032, leap-frogging China in an electrification race across Asia. The brains trust of Primer Minister Mahendra Modi has called for a mix of subsidies, car-pooling, and caps on fossil-based cars. The goal is to cut pollution and break reliance on imported oil, but markets will pick up the baton quickly once the process starts. China is moving in parallel, pushing for 7 million electric vehicles by 2025, enforced by a minimum quota for “new energy” vehicles that shifts the burden for the switch onto manufacturers. “The trend is irreversible,” said Wang Chuanfu, head of the Chinese electric car producer BYD, backed by Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway. At the same time, global shipping rules are clamping down on dirty high-sulphur oil used in the cargo trade, a move that may lead to widespread use of liquefied natural gas for ship fuel. This is all happening much faster than Saudi Arabia and OPEC had assumed. The cartel’s World Oil Outlook last year dismissed electric vehicles as a fringe curiosity that would make little difference to ever-rising global demand for oil. It predicted a jump in crude consumption by a further 16.4 million barrels a day to 109 million by 2040, with India increasingly taking over from China as growing market. The cartel said fossils will still make up 77 per cent of global energy use, much like today. It implicitly treated the Paris agreement on climate targets as empty rhetoric. Whether OPEC believes its own claims is doubtful. Saudi Arabia’s actions suggest otherwise. The kingdom is hedging its bets by selling off chunks of the state oil giant Saudi Aramco to fund diversification away from oil. OPEC, Russia, and the oil-exporting states are now caught in a squeeze and will probably be forced to extend output caps into 2018 to stop prices falling. Shale fracking in the US is now so efficient, and rebounding so fast, that it may cap oil prices in a range of US$45 to $55 until the end of the decade. By then the historic window will be closing. Experts will argue over Seba’s claims. His broad point is that multiple technological trends are combining in a perfect storm. The simplicity of the EV model is breath-taking. The Tesla S has 18 moving parts, one hundred times fewer than a combustion engine car. “Maintenance is essentially zero. That is why Tesla is offering infinite-mile warranties. You can drive it to the moon and back and they will still warranty it,” Prof Seba said. Self-drive “vehicles on demand” will be running at much higher levels of daily use than today’s cars and will last for 500,000 to 1 million miles each. It has long been known that EVs are four times more efficient than petrol or diesel cars, which lose 80 per cent of their power in heat. What changes the equation is the advent of EV models with the acceleration and performance of a Lamborghini costing five or 10 times less to buy, and at least 10 times less to run. “The electric drive-train is so much more powerful. The gasoline and diesel cars cannot possibly compete,” Seba said. The parallel is what happened to film cameras – and to Kodak – once digital rivals hit the market. It was swift and brutal. “You can’t compete with zero marginal costs,” he said. The effect is not confined to cars. Trucks will switch in tandem. Over 70 per cent of US haulage routes are already within battery range, and batteries are getting better each year. EVs will increase U.S. electricity demand by 18 per cent but that does not imply the need for more capacity. They will draw power at times of peak supply and release it during peak demand. They are themselves a storage reservoir, helping to smooth the effects of intermittent solar and wind, and to absorb excess base-load from power plants. Mark Carney, the Governor of the Bank England and chairman of Basel’s Financial Stability Board, has repeatedly warned that fossil energy companies are booking assets that can never be burned under the Paris agreement. He pointed out last year that it took only a small shift in global demand for coal to bankrupt three of the four largest coal-mining companies in short order. Other seemingly entrenched sectors could be just as vulnerable. He warned of a “Minsky moment”, if we do not prepare in time, where the energy revolution moves so fast that it precipitates a global financial crisis. The crunch may be coming even sooner than he thought. The Basel Board may have to add the car industry to the mix. There will be losers. Whole countries will spin into crisis. The world’s geopolitical order will be reshaped almost overnight. But humanity as a whole should enjoy an enormous welfare gain. Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: News, Transportation, oil prices, Tesla Find a Story Stock Search News Videos FP Picks Here are five things you should know about Ottawa’s new passenger bill of rights The new legislation will spell out exactly what rights airline passengers have and ensure people who purchase a ticket for a flight cannot be forced off due to overbooking Kevin Libin: Tension keeps rising over Alberta’s Heritage Fund after another ambush of political tampering from Notley’s NDP In just a few weeks, with new directors coming in under the Notley government’s new process, Albertans will find out just how serious this is getting At-home sleep apnea test coming to Ontario this year, with costs covered BresoDx is first device to come out of MaRS' Excellence in Clinical Innovation Technology Evaluation program Most sweeping rent controls in 25 years could end up making Toronto housing more expensive if building halts Ontario’s decision to tighten rent controls puts $6.5 billion in potential rental investment at risk, say developers Neighbours battle for a tiny railway that has become a lifeline in northern Manitoba For nearly a century, the Hudson Bay Railway has been the only dependable link with the outside world for remote communities, but now the threat looms that the track could be abandoned Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 26 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Southwest 737 diverts because of Pittsburgh air show Instead of Pittsburgh International, Flight 3316 landed at small Allegheny County Airport. Post to Facebook Southwest 737 diverts because of Pittsburgh air show Instead of Pittsburgh International, Flight 3316 landed at small Allegheny County Airport.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2qojUK5 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Southwest 737 diverts because of Pittsburgh air show Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 12:20 p.m. ET May 16, 2017 284 Shares This file photo from July 23, 2013, shows a Southwest Airlines jet taking off from Pittsburgh International Airport.  (Photo: Gene J. Puskar, AP) A Southwest Airlines flight bound for Pittsburgh International on Sunday instead ended up at the small Allegheny County Airport, a general aviation airfield that does not have commercial passenger service. The Southwest flight diverted to the small airport about 11 miles south of downtown Pittsburgh as the airspace around Pittsburgh International was closed with the Wings Over Pittsburgh air show underway nearby. Given that, the pilots of Southwest Flight 3316 from Orlando opted to divert to the Allegheny County Airport “to avoid using contingency fuel reserve after being in a holding pattern by air traffic controller,” Southwest said in a statement to the Pittsburgh Post-Gazette. FULL REPORT: The Southwest flight that flew nonstop — to West Mifflin The decision, in the words of the newspaper, ended up sending the Southwest flight to “a general aviation facility typically reserved for Cessnas, Pipers and corporate jets — not Boeing 737s carrying 143 passengers.” A Flight 3316 passenger told Pittsburgh’s WTAE TV that the crew initially said to expect to circle for a bit. "One flight attendant made the announcement that there was an air show going on, so there’s going to be a 20-minute delay and there might be a little bit of roughness because we were circling," passenger Margaret Waltz said to the station. IN PICTURES: 30 cool aviation photos (story continues below) FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn April's #avgeek photo gallery  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A US Airways heritage jet, bearing America West markings, lands at Mineta San Jose International Airport on March 31, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Museum of Flight's American Airlines Boeing 727 is towed across a five-lane road during a reshuffle of the museum's outdoor jets on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A giant Antonov 124 cargo jet rests on a taxiway at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Two Boeing 747 Dreamlifter cargo jets trade places at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Lufthansa's newest Boeing 747-8i takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on its delivery flight to Frankfurt, Germany, on March 25, 2015. The jet is painted in retro colors from the 1970s.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Falcon 7X business jet taxies for takeoff at Seattle's Boeing Field in this 2013 file photo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A large GE CF-6 engine powers an EVA Air Airbus A330-200 out of Fukuoka, Japan, on Jan. 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Honeywell's Boeing 757 testbed rests under the Phoenix sun on Feb. 2, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A setting sun illuminates a row of seats onboard a Southwest flight in February 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Virgin America Airbus A320 taxies for departure at Seattle-Tacoma International Airport in February 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted, soon-to-be Oman Air Boeing 737 lands at Boeing Field in Seattle in February 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Painted in the company's new livery, a KLM Boeing 777-300 lands after a test flight at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Mount Baker looms in the background as an Ethiopian Airlines Boeing 787-8 prepares to land at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An EA-18 Growler fighter jet rises above a field of flowers after practicing a carrier approach at Naval Outlying Field Coupeville, Wash., on March 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing 767s like this brand-new FedEx 767-300 freighter are still going strong, over 30 years since first flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An unpainted Boeing 777-300 prepares to land at Paine Field in Everett, Wash., in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Lufthansa's newest Boeing 747-8i takes off from Paine Field in Everett, Wash., on its delivery flight to Frankfurt, Germany, on March 25, 2015. The jet is painted in retro colors from the 1970s.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Still several miles out from landing at SeaTac, an ANA Boeing 787-8 soars high over north Seattle on March 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A P-3 turboprop submarine hunter from Naval Air Station Whidbey Island takes off from Seattle's Boeing Field in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737-900 returns a group of journalists to Seattle after a demo flight of its new cabin service, Alaska Beyond, on March 26, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 757-200 ecoDemonstrator jet takes off from Seattle's Boeing Field in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Gulfstream 650 business jet taxies to a hangar at Seattle's Boeing Field in this 2013 file photo.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Kenmore Air seaplane rises over downtown Seattle in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Rushing down the runway, an EA-18 Growler practices carrier approaches at Naval Outlying Field Coupeville, Wash., on March 27, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A U.S. Air Force KC-135 refueling jet takes off over Seattle in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Museum of Flight's Concorde jet is towed onto an active taxiway for temporary storage during a reshuffle of the museum's outdoor jets on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The Museum of Flight's American Airlines Boeing 727 is towed across a five-lane road during a reshuffle of the museum's outdoor jets on March 28, 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen San Jose's new passenger terminal shines in the noon-day sun on March 31, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A business jet clad in several hues of blue taxies for departure at Mineta San Jose International Airport in March 2015.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Silicon Valley is lit up in late-evening light, as seen from a Skywest Bombardier CRJ-900 en route to Seattle.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 30 2 of 30 3 of 30 4 of 30 5 of 30 6 of 30 7 of 30 8 of 30 9 of 30 10 of 30 11 of 30 12 of 30 13 of 30 14 of 30 15 of 30 16 of 30 17 of 30 18 of 30 19 of 30 20 of 30 21 of 30 22 of 30 23 of 30 24 of 30 25 of 30 26 of 30 27 of 30 28 of 30 29 of 30 30 of 30 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Ultimately, the decision was made to divert to Allegheny, which is capable of handling a Boeing 737. Southwest arranged transportation from the airport to Pittsburgh International so customers could retrieve their cars or catch onward connections. Southwest’s crew from Flight 3316 also had for pizza delivered to passengers while they waited, WTAE reports.  The bus ride from the Allegheny County Airport to Pittsburgh International took about 45 minutes, according to the Post-Gazette. Still, the Post-Gazette says there are some uncertainties about the impact that the air show – which was being held for the first time in six years – had on the Southwest flight. Maj. Charles Baker, the chief of the air show that was put on by the 911th Airlift Wing, tells the newspaper Wings Over Pittsburgh had procedures in place to clear the airspace for a Pittsburgh-bound commercial flight in such a situation. Baker told the Post-Gazette he's still gathering information about the incident, which – so far – he’s labeled as a “head-scratcher.” “Safety trumps all. We have no problem stopping the show for safety at any point,” Baker added to the paper. “We don’t want to be diverting anybody into Allegheny County Airport.” TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky ARCHIVES: Tears, tales and champagne flow on US Airways' last-ever flight FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Scenes from the last-ever flight on US Airways  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. US Airways flight attendant Malva McSween was among the crew working US Airways last-ever flight on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Retired flight attendant Glenda Yerse was on hand for the final flight, wearning her 1970 Allegheny Air uniform.  American Airlines Fullscreen Retired flight attendant Glenda Yersa gets a hug from former USAir Ed Colodny.  American Airlines Fullscreen Capt. Doug Rice and First Officer William Koone in the cockpit as US Airways Flight 1939 prepared to depart San Francisco for Philadelphia on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Gate agents make the final boarding announcement for US Airways Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Former USAir CEO Ed Colodny signs a model airplane for someone in the crowd at San Francisco ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen All passengers on the last leg of Flight 1939 received this coin commemorating the last-ever flight on US Airways.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Aviation enthusiasts were plentiful at San Francisco International Airport ahead of US Airways' final departure on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Retired US Airways employee Helena Valentine cries as she talks to former USAir CEO Ed Colodny in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Helena Valentine holds up USAir's first-ever employee newsletter after she got it signed by former CEO Ed Colodny ahead of Flight 1939 in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways' name shares space with American for one of the last times ever at San Francisco's airport ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen American/US Airways ticket counter agents offered to print old-style thick-stock tickets for fliers who wished to have a souvenir of US Flight 1939.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Onlookers crowd around to hear from USAir CEO Ed Colodny (left) address a crowd at San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen "God, what a ride!" former USAir CEO Ed Colodny said to a crowd in San Francisco ahead of Flight 1939 on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen The crowd assembled for US Airways' final flight listens to gateside speeches in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The flight crew for the final leg of US Airways Flight 1939 poses for a photo prior to departing San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen All passengers flying the final leg of US Airways Flight 1939 got one of these amenity kits, which are usually reserved for fliers in the premium cabins.  American Airlines Fullscreen Charles Alford, a US Airways customer service worker from Raleigh/Durham, proudly shows off his boarding pass to be on the last-ever US Airways flight on Oct. 16, 2015, in San Francisco.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Glenda Yerse (center) is flanked by Miki Godlaski (left) and Chris Goldaski (right) ahead of Flight 1939 in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways' last-ever flight -- Flight 1939 to Philadelphia -- is on the departure board at San Francisco airport on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Passengers board the last leg of US Airways Flight 1939 the evening of Oct. 16, 2015, in San Francisco.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pulls away from a gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pushes back from the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pushes back from the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The departure information for Flight 1939 at the gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways Flight 1939 pulls away from a gate in San Francisco on Oct. 16, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen THe pilots on the Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sit at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Passengers arriving to Philadelphia on Flight 1939 were welcomed by a large crowd of well-wishers on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Flight 1939 flight attendant Roger Hamlin hubs a crewmembers after arriving to Philadelphia on US Airways' last-ever flight on the morning of Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen A crowd of well-wishers -- and some goodies -- awaited fliers arriving to Philadelphia on US Airways' last-ever flight on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen The Airbus A321 operating Flight 1939 sits at the gate after arriving to Philadelphia on Oct. 17, 2015.  American Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 33 2 of 33 3 of 33 4 of 33 5 of 33 6 of 33 7 of 33 8 of 33 9 of 33 10 of 33 11 of 33 12 of 33 13 of 33 14 of 33 15 of 33 16 of 33 17 of 33 18 of 33 19 of 33 20 of 33 21 of 33 22 of 33 23 of 33 24 of 33 25 of 33 26 of 33 27 of 33 28 of 33 29 of 33 30 of 33 31 of 33 32 of 33 33 of 33 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide ARCHIVES: US Airways' final flight closes curtain on another major airline FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn A look at some of US Airways' airplane liveries from the past 35 years  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. A file photo of a USAir Boeing 727 at Washington's National Airport in 1995.  USA TODAY file photo Fullscreen US Airways planes at Phoenix Sky Harbor Airport on July 25, 2007.  Ross D. Franklin, AP Fullscreen With the Capitol in the backgroud, a US Airways plane lands at Washington's Reagan National Airport on Aug. 12, 2002.  Associated Press Fullscreen A USAir Boeing 737 circa 1988.  'Aero Icarus' via Flickr Fullscreen The tails of a US Airways plane is seen in Chicago in July 2001. In the background is the tail of Northwest Airlines, a brand that disappeared in 2008 after merging with Delta.  Tim Boyle, Getty Images Fullscreen This photo provided by Harrisburg (Pa.) International Airport shows a ticket cover and letter from US Air on its first day of flying under that new name in 1979.  Harrisburg (Pa.) International Airport Fullscreen A USAir Boening 737 jetliner taxis at Washington National Airport on Sept. 9, 1994.  Associated Press Fullscreen A USAir Express Beech 1900-C at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen Metrojet, a short-lived low-fare 'carrier within a carrier,' was one of US Airways' attempts to fight off Southwest's encroachment into the Northeast. It didn't work.  'Andrew Thomas' via Flickr Fullscreen US Airways and America West jets in Phoenix on May 19, 2005. America West acquired US Airways that year but took US Airways more-recognizable name.  Matt York, AP Fullscreen Fifth-grade students deplane a USAir Express flight at Bishop International Airport in Flint, Mich., in 1996.  Associated Press Fullscreen A USAir Jetstream 31 at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen USAir CEO Stephen Wolf stands behind a model of a jet showing the then-new US Airways name and logo at a news conference in New York on Oct. 12, 1996.  Ed Bailey, Associated Press Fullscreen A US Air British Aerospace BAE 146 circa 1989.  'SDASM Archives' via Flickr Fullscreen A undated file picture shows a US Airways A330-300 flying over Toulouse in southern France.  AFP/Getty Images Fullscreen A USAir Boeing 737 circa 1990.  'Aero Icarus' via Flickr Fullscreen The tail of US Airways' Pittsburgh Steelers-themed Airbus A319 jet as seen at its official unveiling at Pittsburgh International Airport on Sept. 12, 2007.  By Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen In this April 8, 2010 file photo, a US Airways plane takes off from Sky Harbor International Airport in Phoenix.  Cheryl Evans, The Arizona Republic Fullscreen A USAir Express "Dash 8" at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen A USAir jet takes off from Washington National Airport on Sept. 9, 1994.  Associated Press Fullscreen A USAir Boeing 737-300 landing at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen A US Airways flight prepares to depart from Pittsburgh International Airport on Sept. 13, 2004.  Gene J. Puskar, AP Fullscreen A USAir MD-80 at Pittsburgh on May 8, 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen US Airways planes in Phoenix in 2014.  Nick Oza/The Republic Fullscreen A USAir DC-9 at Pittsburgh in 1995.  Eileen Blass, USA TODAY Fullscreen A USAir Boeing 737 seen in 1995.  H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY Fullscreen A USAir Express Dash 7 near Washington National Airport in 1995.  H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY Fullscreen In this July 22, 2008, file photo, a US Airways Express plane passes behind a JetBlue plane at Boston's Logan Airport.  Lisa Poole, AP Fullscreen In this file photo from Oct. 29, 2010, a US Airways Express flight approaches Philadelphia International Airport.  Matt Rourke, AP Fullscreen A US Airways aircraft painted in the colors of the Arizona Cardinals NFL team is seen in Phoenix on Oct. 7, 2011. The plane is one of several that the airline painted in the colors of pro football teams.  Tom Tingle, The Arizona Republic Fullscreen The tail of US Airways' Pittsburgh Steelers-themed Airbus A319 jet as seen at its official unveiling at Pittsburgh International Airport on Sept. 12, 2007.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An undated file photo of a US Airways Express plane operated by regional carrier Republic.  Republic Airways Fullscreen A vintage USAir shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir Express shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir Express shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen A vintage USAir shot from American Airlines' archives.  American Airlines Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 38 2 of 38 3 of 38 4 of 38 5 of 38 6 of 38 7 of 38 8 of 38 9 of 38 10 of 38 11 of 38 12 of 38 13 of 38 14 of 38 15 of 38 16 of 38 17 of 38 18 of 38 19 of 38 20 of 38 21 of 38 22 of 38 23 of 38 24 of 38 25 of 38 26 of 38 27 of 38 28 of 38 29 of 38 30 of 38 31 of 38 32 of 38 33 of 38 34 of 38 35 of 38 36 of 38 37 of 38 38 of 38 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2qojUK5 Most Popular
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Spaceflight To Get to Mars, NASA Must Convince Lawmakers By Ian O'Neill, Space.com Contributor | May 16, 2017 11:00am ET MORE An illustration of a human Mars colony. To make human missions to Mars a reality, NASA will need to give lawmakers a compelling reason to support a crewed Red Planet mission. Credit: NASA Getting humans to Mars presents enormous challenges in science and engineering, but NASA also needs to think about political challenges, according to a panel of experts who spoke at the Humans to Mars Summit this week. If a mission to the Red Planet motived young people to pursue careers in science and related fields, which would in turn help stimulate the economy, lawmakers might get behind Mars exploration, the panelists said.  "Consistency and constancy" The biggest challenge to achieving NASA's plans for human exploration of Mars is continuity in relevant government policies throughout different presidential administrations, said Michael Raftery, who served as a project lead at Boeing on systems integration for the International Space Station. [NASA's Mars Base Vision in Images] To maintain that kind of continuity, NASA needs to show Congress and the current administration "consistency and constancy of purpose" for the project, he argued during a panel discussion titled "The Path to Afford and Sustain Human Exploration of Mars." His fellow panelists agreed. "Sustainability for a Mars exploration effort … requires a considerable degree of consensus," said Jeff Bingham, former senior advisor on space and aeronautics on the U.S. Senate's Commerce, Science and Transportation committee. "For a government-funded and -managed exploration program, probably the most important element is policy continuity." In the 1960s, the Apollo program's sole purpose was to beat the Soviet Union in the Cold War space race, so a huge amount of government funding was allocated to the space program over a short period of time, the panelists said. But the political motivations for sending humans to explore Mars, and to ultimately create a sustained presence, are much more hazy, the panelists said. Good reasons for going to Mars include science returns, fulfilling humanity's desire to explore, the creation of tangential jobs related to the program, the prestige the U.S. could gain from accomplishing such a momentous task and even that it's "human destiny" to become a multiplanetary species, said Pascal Lee, a planetary scientist at the SETI Institute. He's also director of the NASA Haughton-Mars Project, which maintains an "analogue" Mars research station in the Canadian Arctic. But none of these reasons will necessarily create the political impetus to spend a large part of NASA's budget — made up of taxpayer dollars — on such an effort, he said. "The Apollo program was definitely a Cold War response to a perceived threat, and it served the national interest to go to the moon at the time," he said. "But once you're committed to going to the moon, what are you going to do [once you get there]? … You're going to collect rocks. You're going to do science. Science is what is going to dominate your activity, but it's not the [lawmakers'] motivation for going." And therein lies a problem, the panelists said: If scientists and advocates can't convey a clear purpose for the exploration of Mars, public opinion will waver and Congress will be less inclined to support NASA funding for the project. At worst, space programs begin under one presidential administration, only for the next administration to strip funding from the project, the panelists said. For example, in 2010, the Obama administration canceled the Constellation program after a committee found the effort to be unsustainable under NASA's budget (although the Orion spaceship from the program continues to undergo development). More recently, the Trump administration's proposed 2018 NASA budget would cancel the Asteroid Redirect Mission (ARM) that is currently in development and that would send a robotic spacecraft to an asteroid and redirect it into lunar orbit. But since the Apollo era, some long-term NASA projects have survived under multiple administrations and, according to the panelists, lessons should be learned from these successes if NASA is going to achieve a crewed Mars mission. For example, the panelists pointed out that the 135 space shuttle missions were carried out over 30 years under six different administrations under an approximately "flat" budget (i.e., the NASA budget, apart from a few fluctuations, remained approximately the same year on year). In that time, with the help of Russia and other international partners, the International Space Station (ISS) was constructed, and it continues to be crewed years after the shuttle fleet was retired. Could a mission to Mars operate on a flat budget while maintaining the political and public interest to maintain funding over many years? Using the "Antarctica model," Lee argued, it might be possible to launch a science mission to Mars even if science isn't the driving motivation for sending astronauts there in the first place. "We spend about $2 billion a year to maintain a presence in Antarctica," he said. "The justification for that, on the surface, is that [the U.S. is] doing fantastic science in a very collaborative environment. But the truth is that $2 billion a year could not be justified if it wasn't for the politics of needing to be in Antarctica because other countries are there."  So, "we have to find a compelling reason to go to Mars that would justify the expenditure of tax dollars," he added. [Red Planet or Bust: 5 Crewed Mars Mission Ideas] "STEM Force" One of the main benefits to come from the Apollo program was the uptick in the number of science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) graduates, Lee said. In the U.S. during the 1960s, the number of STEM graduates approximately doubled, he said. The moon missions inspired a generation of youngsters to take on STEM topics; this gave the U.S. a competitive advantage in these fields and had tangible effects on the U.S. economy, Lee said.  A mission to Mars would have a similar effect, and if NASA's Mars exploration plans span many years, the effort could drive more than one generation of people to step into the STEM fields and supercharge the economy, Lee said.  And in peacetime, this may be one of the most potent reasons for policy makers to support human missions to Mars, he said.  Whereas the Army and Air Force protect the freedoms of the nation during wartime, Lee said, a "STEM Force" could be mobilized to safeguard the U.S. economy during peacetime. This reality isn't lost on other nations of the world, Lee said. China, for example, is pursuing an ambitious space program that includes sending probes to the moon and returning samples. While it may seem silly to aspire to a goal that Apollo accomplished nearly half a century ago, China is benefiting from the huge surge in STEM graduates inspired by the country's space program.  "There's an entire generation of young people and kids in China who are enthralled with their space program [and] by going to the moon," Lee said. Those young people are "going to become the competition, if not the de facto leaders, in STEM fields in this century and later."  What's more, China is taking incremental steps to develop the technologies to eventually land astronauts on the moon, thus avoiding the unsustainable budget spike that the Apollo program demanded because of its incredibly short timeline (less than a decade), Lee said. A Mars mission could help the U.S. avoid being left behind in space exploration and enjoy the economic benefits of generations of youngsters becoming inspired by space, Lee said. But the only way to get there on a flat NASA budget is with a continuity of government policy and a "consistency and constancy of purpose," he said. Follow Ian O'Neill @astroengine. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations Greatest Moon Missions of All Time How Will a Human Mars Base Work? NASA's Vision in Images Humans on Mars: Scouting Needed for Red Planet Resources Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular Science Movies on Netflix in May Scorpius Constellation: Facts About the Scorpion Why Does NASA Use Sounding Rockets? | Video Gas-and-Dust Cocoon Engulfs Monster Black Holes When Galaxies Collide This Futuristic Mars Rover Looks Like an Awesome NASA Tank HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Apollo Reunion, Blue Angels Among Headliners at EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 Wittman Regional Airport in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, becomes the world’s busiest airport for one week each year during EAA AirVenture Oshkosh. Wittman Regional Airport will again become the world’s busiest airport – at least for one week. Oshkosh, Wisconsin (PRWEB) May 16, 2017 Wittman Regional Airport will soon become the world’s busiest airport – at least for one week. From July 24-30, more than 10,000 aircraft and a half a million flight enthusiasts will descend for the 65th annual Experimental Aircraft Association fly-in convention, EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017. Known to many simply as “Oshkosh,” this year’s event will feature performances by some of the nation’s top stunt pilots, as well as by The Blue Angels, the official jet team of the United States Navy. First formed in 1946, the Blue Angels team of Boeing F/A-18 Hornets reaches speeds up to 700 mph, while flying as close as 18 inches to one another. Full performances are on Friday and Saturday afternoon, July 28-29, as part of the afternoon air show. “The Blue Angels carry tradition and innovation with them wherever they fly,” said Dick Knapinski, EAA’s director of communications. “Their power and precision will be on full display during AirVenture 2017.” AirVenture will also commemorate the 75th anniversary of the famous World War II Doolittle Raiders mission. In addition to welcoming the lone living member of the 80 Doolittle Raiders, 101 year-old Richard Cole, 16 B-25 bombers will fly during a reenactment of the historic raid on the evening of Wednesday, July 26. On Wednesday, July 26, the grounds will host WomenVenture, a national initiative to close the gender gap in aviation. Highlights will include a “Power Lunch” with remarks by pioneering EAA member and pilot, Dr. Janet Lapp, as well as the Women Soar You Soar aviation camp sponsored by Honda, which offers teen girls pilot mentorship opportunities. Friday, July 28 will feature an unforgettable reunion by nine of the original fifteen living Apollo Mission Astronauts, including Buzz Aldrin, Frank Borman, and Jim Lovell. Other major performances and experiences include Oracle pilot Sean D. Tucker; the AeroShell Aerobatic Team; NASA exhibits; travelling Huey helicopter and a variety of plane and aviation product introductions from the more than 800 exhibitors. The action in the skies is matched on the ground. AirVenture also includes learning centers for children and aircraft enthusiasts; aircraft of nearly every size, shape and era to view (including more than 300 warbirds, homebuilts and vintage craft); nightly activities, like a “fly-in” theater and concerts; and flight experiences on a B-17, Ford Tri-Motor and Bell 47 Helicopter. The EAA Aviation Museum is also open for tours during the week of AirVenture. About EAA AirVenture Oshkosh EAA AirVenture Oshkosh is the “World’s Greatest Aviation Celebration” and EAA’s yearly membership convention. Additional EAA AirVenture information, including advance ticket and camping purchases, is available online at http://www.eaa.org/airventure. EAA members receive lowest prices on admission rates. For more information on EAA and its programs, call 1-800-JOIN-EAA (1-800-564-6322) or visit http://www.eaa.org. Immediate news is available at http://www.twitter.com/EAA. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Mobile Money Market to 2027: Overview, Opportunities, In-Depth Analysis and Forecasts Next PostNext Light Reading Announces 2017 Leading Lights Awards Winners Search Recent Posts Trxade Group, Inc. (TRXD: OTCQB) | Trxade Group, Inc. Achieves First Profitability Quarter Since the Founding of the Company Global Vacuum Film Coating Machine Market Research Report 2017 – 2021 Zoom Telephonics Inc. (ZMTP: OTCQB) | Ultra Fast Motorola DOCSIS 3.1 Cable Modem Achieves CableLabs Certification Global Function-as-a-Service (FaaS) Market Research Report 2017 – 2021 Global Cloud Supply Chain Management (SCM) Market Research Report 2017 – 2021 RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Watch Elon Musk's SpaceX launch a bus-size satellite The space company made headlines for its rocket landings, but its latest mission involves its heaviest payload yet, followed by a Falcon 9 rocket taking a swim. Sci-Tech by Eric Mack May 15, 2017 11:25 AM PDT @ericcmack SpaceX will take a little break from recycling when it launches a European satellite Monday afternoon. Elon Musk's rocket company is set to carry the Boeing-built Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite into orbit after blasting it off from NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Florida. Inmarsat, a London-based company, operates a global, high-speed mobile broadband network that relies on its "Global Xpress" constellation of satellites: F4 is the fourth satellite in the constellation and will increase the network's capacity. The heavy satellite will set off for space aboard a Falcon 9 rocket that SpaceX has no plans of attempting to land, as it has with its recent launches. Weighing in at 13,417 pounds (6,086 kilograms), the rocket will use up most of its fuel to push the payload beyond the pull of Earth's gravity, not leaving enough for a landing attempt. Instead, the spent rocket will fall into the Atlantic Ocean, as numerous rocket boosters did before SpaceX and others like Jeff Bezos' Blue Origin led the charge toward reusable rockets. A 49-minute launch window for the mission opens at 4:20 pm PT Monday afternoon. You can watch a live webcast of the launch below at that time: SpaceX launches SpaceX completes first top-secret military mission Elon Musk's SpaceX launches recycled rocket in historic first See drone video of SpaceX landing a Falcon 9 at Cape Canaveral The satellite is the size of a double decker bus. According to Florida Today, SpaceX originally planned to launch it using its upcoming Falcon Heavy rocket, but scheduling concerns dictated switching to the smaller Falcon 9. SpaceX test-fired the bigger rocket earlier this month for the first time, and the first demonstration launch is set for later this year. The company plans to use Falcon Heavy for launches of bigger satellites like Inmarsat-5 F4 and eventually for missions to Mars. No word yet on what type of rocket Elon Musk hopes to use to launch satellites that will provide mobile broadband for his planned million-person colony on the Red Planet. 15 A look at Elon Musk's plan to move us to Mars (pictures) Technically Literate: Original works of short fiction with unique perspectives on tech, exclusively on CNET. Crowd Control: A crowdsourced science fiction novel written by CNET readers. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Sci-Tech Elon Musk Boeing NASA Space SpaceX More stories Dwarf planet Ceres' weird spots shine in new NASA movie Awww! This is what a baby star looks like 3D-printed ovaries let mice deliver healthy babies The forecast for Proxima b: Wet with a chance of alien life Close   Discuss: Watch Elon Musk's SpaceX launch a bus-size... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: Why Android is likely safe from a WannaCry-like attack Instagram adds face filters because of course Why invent new things when you can copy Snapchat with bunny ears and flower crowns? by Bridget Carey 1:46 Microsoft criticizes government's online security, Zelda may be heading to mobile Today's major tech news include Microsoft's public disappointment in the government's online security strategy, Zelda possibly making its way to mobile devices and Volvo and Audi's commitment to the Android Auto platform. by Jeff Bakalar 1:07 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 17 May 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Nestle opens third factory in Dubai Oman's TRA to announce third mobile operator Danube sees demand for more projects: Group chairman Dubai airports likely to see 100m passengers in 2017 Danube sees demand for more projects: Group chairman Law to allow expats to own property in Oman awaits approval Misr Italia buys land for $113.8mln at Egypt's new capital site DAMAC predicts Dubai property supply rise as market turns corner China's Norinco and Saudi Aramco line up $10bln refinery plan Turkey's TAV talking with banks to finance development of Saudi airports UAE's TALEX in talks with banks for working capital facility Saudi's KAEC Industrial Valley Phase 3 development to cost $35mln Oman: Major role for investment funds in Solar PV project Glencore, Carlyle team up to rescue bankrupt Moroccan refinery Egypt's Sisi: Newly-discovered oil fields to save about $3.6bln yearly Egypt will make $750mln debt payment to oil companies on June 1 Turkey's TAV seeks $250mln bank loan for Saudi airports Noon.com 'on track' to launch this year: Alabbar Egypt central bank to cancel $100,000 individual bank transfer limit Saudi sale of the century lures foreign banks, private equity Bank Muscat's Meethaq to float OMR25m sukuk on May 21 Qatar Islamic Bank sets final spread for dollar sukuk Qatar Islamic Bank gives initial price guidance for dollar sukuk Qatar International Islamic Bank appoints banks for dollar sukuk Oman's TRA to announce third mobile operator Noon.com 'on track' to launch this year: Alabbar Facebook adds Snapchat-like camera filters to Instagram UK's Notion increased funding for EU software start-ups Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudis may have option to work on hourly basis Top Saudi businessmen upbeat over Trump's visit U.S. signs new defense accord with UAE Open data to add $2.83bln annually to Dubai’s economy U.S. signs new defense accord with UAE Saudi soldier killed, five wounded in restive Qatif province Noon.com 'on track' to launch this year: Alabbar Saudi sale of the century lures foreign banks, private equity Arab Bank settlement over attacks may hit snag in U.S. appeals court International Committee of Red Cross warns of total collapse in Gaza One in four children in Arab world live in poverty: UNICEF Lebanon FX reserves fine for now, future intervention possible Glencore, Carlyle team up to rescue bankrupt Moroccan refinery Egypt's Sisi: Newly-discovered oil fields to save about $3.6bln yearly Egypt central bank to cancel $100,000 individual bank transfer limit Egypt will make $750mln debt payment to oil companies on June 1 New Nestle CEO ditches elusive sales target US allies seen cooperating despite alleged Trump secrets leak Iran's re-engagement with the world at stake in Friday presidential vote Did North Korea play a role in global cyber-attacks? Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Gulf may follow crude oil, global shares down Iraq in favour of extending any OPEC-led oil output cut-PM Abadi Dubai DFM achieves 100% compliance in Q1 results disclosure Egypt central bank to cancel $100,000 individual bank transfer limit Gulf may follow crude oil, global shares down Dubai DFM achieves 100% compliance in Q1 results disclosure Emirates Transport announces profits of $50mln in 2016 Saudi sale of the century lures foreign banks, private equity Egypt to issue $1.5bln-$2bln Eurobond within one week Lebanon FX reserves fine for now, future intervention possible Dollar starts week under shadow of underwhelming data, N. Korea Palestinian officials hope to launch e-currency in 5 years Iraq in favour of extending any OPEC-led oil output cut-PM Abadi Oil drops on rising US crude inventory Iran likely to back longer OPEC-led oil cut if all on board China's Norinco and Saudi Aramco line up $10bln refinery plan Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law New Saudi GACA policies to protect rights of travelers Worker protests come down by two-third in Dubai Arab Bank settlement over attacks may hit snag in U.S. appeals court Top Bahrain activist denied bail - rights group New Saudi GACA policies to protect rights of travelers UAE's Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed meets Donald Trump at White House Saudi touts Trump's Islamic summit as "new partnership" Egypt official expects stock market stamp duty next month Top Bahrain activist denied bail - rights group UAE working to protect children from online threats Cyber attack could spark lawsuits but not against Microsoft UAE arrested 106 human traffickers last year Arab Bank settlement over attacks may hit snag in U.S. appeals court Law to allow expats to own property in Oman awaits approval UAE's Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed meets Donald Trump at White House Saudi launches pre-Ramadan inspection campaign More than 22,000 deported from Saudi Arabia in six months Dubai Crown Prince issues resolution regulating use of recreational motorcycles Drivers beware: New traffic rules, new fines in UAE soon Muslims abroad must respect local law on veils Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Dubai’s 3-day Super Sale begins on May 18 Pop star Katy Perry to join ABC's 'American Idol' reboot Tennis-No French Open wild card for snubbed Sharapova Ride-through cafe is home-from-home for Cairo bikers UAE ministry lays down rule for organ transplant Will UAE food import ban affect Ramadan? Yemen declares state of emergency in Sanaa over cholera Surgery won't help degenerative knee problems 180 Palestinian teachers vetted to work in Kuwait Excellent performance allowance: Kuwait hikes number of attendance days for teachers Despite low funding, literacy spread among women in past 50 years Pricey schools in Dubai indifferent to new parents: Survey Dubai’s 3-day Super Sale begins on May 18 Ride-through cafe is home-from-home for Cairo bikers Ramadan Night Market starts on June 1 VAT may impact price strategy at GCC hotels New Saudi GACA policies to protect rights of travelers Ramadan Night Market starts on June 1 VAT may impact price strategy at GCC hotels Dubai plans $1.7bln tourist project on new artificial islands Pop star Katy Perry to join ABC's 'American Idol' reboot UAE, a magnet for Bollywood filmmakers Palestinian film festival opens in Gaza Oscars chief Boone Isaacs steps down from governors board Tennis-No French Open wild card for snubbed Sharapova NASCAR driver Almirola fractures back vertebra in crash Pakistan bowl out Windies in penultimate over to win series Olympics-Serena Williams, Biles join LA's 2024 Games bid Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Business Article iran IranAir receives ATR turboprops airplanes for regional growth 16 May, 2017 (Adds interview with IranAir chairman) By Tim Hepher TOULOUSE, France, May 16 (Reuters) - IranAir took delivery of four European turboprop aircraft on Tuesday, as it extended the renewal of its ageing fleet under an international sanctions-lifting deal to regional cities. The first of 20 ATR 72-600s ordered by IranAir were handed over at Franco-Italian planemaker ATR's Toulouse headquarters and are scheduled to arrive in Tehran on Wednesday. The deliveries will bring to seven the number of new Western aircraft delivered to Iran since trade reopened under a deal between Tehran and major powers to ease sanctions in exchange for restrictions on Iran's nuclear research activities. Advertisement IranAir is mostly rebuilding its fleet with deals to buy a total of 180 Airbus and Boeing passenger jets, but the arrival of ATR 70-seat planes is aimed at underserved local economies. IranAir aims to cover a populous arc in Iran's northwest and northeast and may eventually base some of the ATR planes in the Caspian city of Rasht, Chairman Farhad Parvaresh told Reuters. A similar model could ultimately be established in Bandar Abbas in the south. "This is the plan, a commercial plan, but of course it might change," Parvaresh said, speaking on board the first aircraft. Currently, 90 percent of IranAir's domestic traffic revolves around 10-12 airports, but a lower tier of destinations fail to met their potential due to a lack of small planes. "We hope very much that with this type of aircraft we can connect the small cities to the mega cities," Parvaresh said. "As the number of aircraft increases, we will increase this hub-and-spoke pattern inside the country with the small airports," he added. "But in addition to domestic routes we can also use them in the future to connect ... Iran's border cities to the border cities of our neighbours, for which it is not always economical to use bigger aircraft." Such routes might include Kish to Dubai, Lar to Qatar's capital Doha or traffic between Tabriz in Iran's Azerbaijan region and the Azeri capital Baku. Each ATR 72-600 is worth $26.8 million at list prices but planes typically trade at a discount. IranAir plans to take the remaining 16 by end-2018, including another five this year. It has so far received three Airbus jets and will get another by end-year. The first Boeing is due around May 2018. Despite the lifting of nuclear-related sanctions, Iran continues to faces hurdles in financing long-term purchases because banks are nervous of infringing separate U.S. sanctions. For now, officials say it is paying for aircraft in cash but that this money will serve as deposits for later deliveries. "Financing is going ahead but it is not finalised yet," Parvaresh said. The deal between IranAir and ATR - co-owned by Airbus and Italy's Leonardo - includes a training programme for Iranian pilots and engineers. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Edwina Gibbs and Louise Heavens) ((tim.hepher@thomsonreuters.com; +33 1 49 49 54 52; Reuters Messaging: tim.hepher.thomsonreuters@reuters.net)) © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: europe aviation Advertisement Most Popular In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Sidra Appoints Abdulrazaq Al Kuwari as Chief of Corporate Services 28 minutes ago US's GE appoints KDU as value-added re seller for dynamic positioning systems to enhance marine operational efficiency KDU Worldwide reseller for product range of SeaStream and Sealyte dynamic positioning (DP) systems. 20 hours ago Barbara Bates takes reins as new Hotwire Group CEO 20 hours ago US's Welbilt kitchen equipment announces Vice President sales for EMEA Jean-Paul Roudier has been appointed as Vice President of Sales for the EMEA region. 2 days ago Oman's Ooredoo appoints New Chief business & wholesale Officer 2 days ago Atelier EPJ Food and Beverage appoints Ryan Hattingh as partner Ryan Hattingh joins Atelier EPJ as partner. 14 May 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
Jane's 360 Jane's Airport 360 IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Register 360 My Preference 360 Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events CANSEC 2017 IDEX 2017 INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Security HOME SECURITY MILITARY CAPABILITIES ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Military Capabilities Luftwaffe availability requirements indicates preference for Chinook over King Stallion Sebastian Schulte, Berlin - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 16 May 2017 The German Air Force (Luftwaffe) would like to fulfil its heavy transport helicopter (Schwere Transporthubschrauber - STH) requirement as soon as possible and with the highest number of helicopters that can be secured with the available funds, the service's chief disclosed on 11 May, effectively putting the Boeing CH-47F Extended Range (ER) Chinook ahead of the Sikorsky's CH-53K King Stallion when comparing overall programmes costs and availability. Speaking at European Air Chiefs Conference (EURAC) in Germany, Lieutenant General Karl Müllner said that, while he has no preference among the two contenders, he does want to expedite the requirement with the most readily available platform to replace the Luftwaffe's current VFW-Fokker/Sikorsky CH-53G/GS/GA Stallion helicopters. Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options:　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (136 of 379 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Security Intelligence Solutions IHS Jane's Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Defence IHS Jane's Military and Security Assessments IHS Jane's Terrorism & Insurgency Centre IHS Jane's Military Capabilities IHS Jane's Security: News Module IHS Jane's Defence Weekly EUROPE Belgium phases out Mistral MILITARY CAPABILITIES Netherlands begins Benelux air policing COUNTRY RISK RNLAF readies for Reaper MILITARY CAPABILITIES Stolen hacking tools reportedly being used in global cyber-attacks COUNTRY RISK Collapse of Austrian coalition government increases risk of protracted political stalemate after early elections in October 2017 COUNTRY RISK EUROPE Belgium phases out Mistral MILITARY CAPABILITIES Netherlands begins Benelux air policing COUNTRY RISK RNLAF readies for Reaper MILITARY CAPABILITIES Stolen hacking tools reportedly being used in global cyber-attacks COUNTRY RISK Collapse of Austrian coalition government increases risk of protracted political stalemate after early elections in October 2017 COUNTRY RISK MILITARY AND SECURITY ASSESSMENTS Wilson becomes 24th US Air Force secretary MILITARY CAPABILITIES Japan mulls introducing Aegis Ashore BMD system to counter North Korean threats COUNTRY RISK BAE rolls out first Omani Typhoon, Hawk MILITARY CAPABILITIES Belgium phases out Mistral MILITARY CAPABILITIES IMDEX 2017: Singapore hosts inaugural international fleet review, stresses need for multilateral co-operation MILITARY CAPABILITIES MILITARY AND SECURITY ASSESSMENTS Wilson becomes 24th US Air Force secretary CBRNE & EOD DEFENCE Japan mulls introducing Aegis Ashore BMD system to counter North Korean threats COUNTRY RISK BAE rolls out first Omani Typhoon, Hawk MILITARY CAPABILITIES Belgium phases out Mistral MILITARY CAPABILITIES IMDEX 2017: Singapore hosts inaugural international fleet review, stresses need for multilateral co-operation MILITARY CAPABILITIES IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Wilson becomes 24th US Air Force secretary IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Japan mulls introducing Aegis Ashore BMD system to counter North Korean threats IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Kuwaiti Hornets to get Sniper targeting pods IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Xian MA60 MPA enters service with China Coast Guard, says report IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Australia launches Naval Shipbuilding Plan IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Wilson becomes 24th US Air Force secretary CBRNE & EOD DEFENCE Japan mulls introducing Aegis Ashore BMD system to counter North Korean threats COUNTRY RISK Kuwaiti Hornets to get Sniper targeting pods AIR-LAUNCHED WEAPONS Xian MA60 MPA enters service with China Coast Guard, says report AIR PLATFORMS Australia launches Naval Shipbuilding Plan INDUSTRY FEATURED REPORT Change in the air: development of naval UASs The use of unmanned air systems from ships is growing as navies and maritime security agencies increasingly recognise the operational benefits they can bring. Richard Scott reports Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 844 301 7334 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3763 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Jane's Airport 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2017 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Sign In  /  Sign Up Invalid Email-Id Or Password!!! Email-Id  :       Password  :   Forgot Password? Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s -- Modal content -->  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Enter your Email-id to retrieve your password Invalid Email-Id!!! Email-Id  :       Note:By clicking "Log in", you are agreeing to the terms of the Jane’s Data Terms and Conditions for Subscriptions About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s  Jane's 360 ihs.com  |   Jane's     × Register with Jane’s 360 today and join a global community of defence professionals benefiting from our news and insights. You will only need to complete this once. Title * Mr Mrs Miss Ms    Email * First Name *    Password * Last Name *    Company * Job Function * Administration Analyst Academic Consultant CEO Director Engineer Finance Military Management Purchasing Scientist Sales Strategy Student Retired VP    Address * Sector * Army Navy Air Force MOD/DOD Other Ministries Government Military Organisations Non Military Organisations Industry/Manufacturing Education/Research/Library Legal/Consulting/Other Professional Services Security Airport & Airport Service Providers    State/Province * City *    Country * United States United Kingdom Canada Afghanistan Ascension Islands Aland Islands Albania Algeria America Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burma Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China, Peoples Republic Of Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Congo, The Democratic Republic of The Cook Islands Costa Rica Cote D'Ivoire Croatia Curacao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Diego Garcia Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands (Malvinas) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guinea-Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Holy See (Vatican City State) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia, The Former Yugoslav Republic Of Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic Of Monaco Mongolia Montenegro Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russian Federation Rwanda Saint Barthelemy Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia St. Martin (French) St Maarten (Dutch) Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Sudan South Sudan Spain Sri Lanka Suriname Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Taiwan, Province of China Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic Of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, US Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zaire Zambia Zimbabwe Post/Zip *    Phone Number Jane’s Defence Weekly Jane’s International Defence review Jane’s Airport Review Jane’s Navy International Please select the newsletters you would like to receive. Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Defence      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Security      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Air Forces Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Land Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Naval Forces      Jane's Weekly News Briefs - Airport Jane's 360      Airport 360 Jane’s may also share the information you provide with carefully selected third party companies. Please indicate if you wish to be excluded from receiving third party communications. phone mail e-mail By submitting this request, I agree with the Jane’s email and privacy policy .     About Jane’s  |   Privacy Policy  |   Terms of Use © 2015 Jane’s
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity Aircraft Interiors IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Aircraft & Engines > Airframes > Iran Air receives first four ATR 72-600s Iran Air receives first four ATR 72-600s May 16, 2017 Victoria Moores EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Iran Air Related Media Gallery: Latest developments in cabin interiors Advertisement Iran Air has taken the first four ATR 72-600s from a firm order for 20 of the type, forming part of the airline’s post-sanctions fleet renewal. International sanctions on Iran were lifted in January 2016, freeing Iran Air to place large aircraft orders with Airbus, ATR and Boeing. “The ATR 72-600 will form the core of the regional aircraft of the Iran Air fleet and will substantially contribute to the expansion and development of the services provided by the national airline across the country,” ATR said. The Iranian national carrier took delivery of the four ATR 72-600s on May 16, after agreeing to take 20 of the type plus 20 options in February 2016. This contract was formalized in April 2017. Iran Air CEO Farhad Parvaresh said the aircraft, which will be delivered between now and the end of 2018, will strengthen regional connectivity and create new business opportunities. “There are still historical moments in aviation, and this is one of them, as Iran’s traveling public gains access to increased supply of air transportation,” ATR CEO Christian Scherer said. Iran Air was created in 1961 and flies to 35 international and 25 domestic destinations. The country has 60 domestic airports and ATR previously said it sees potential for further orders from the country. Victoria Moores victoria.moores@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Iran Air orders up to 40 ATR 72-600s 1   Binter Canarias orders six ATR 72-600s   Air France confirms five ATR 72-600s for HOP!   Bangkok Airways receives first of nine ATR 72-600s   Myanmar Airways inks deal for up to 12 ATR 72-600s   Blogs & Commentary May 10, 2017 blog The face of an airline It is almost impossible to imagine Etihad Airways without James Hogan, but come July that will be a reality. How do airline brands move on when their face changes?...More May 5, 2017 blog Doug Parker: ‘Our stock is so undervalued it defies logic’ What will it take for Wall Street to buy into the notion that US airlines are safe—and even forward-thinking—investments?...More May 2, 2017 blog US lawmakers are angry, but want airlines to self-regulate Today’s congressional hearing on US airline customer service was certainly a venting exercise for lawmakers. The question is, will this new wave of airline bashing stop at angry words or be followed by regulation?...More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location May 3, 2017 Article Boom CEO sees market for 1,000 supersonic passenger jets by 2035 Denver-based Boom Technology founder and CEO Blake Scholl believes the company’s first supersonic passenger aircraft can enter commercial service as soon as 2023 and there is a market for as many as 1,000 supersonic airliners to be delivered by 2035....More May 2, 2017 Article A4A airlines will no longer remove boarded passengers from aircraft All Airlines for America (A4A) member airlines are now committed to not removing a boarded passenger from an aircraft in a bumping situation and all are committed to ensuring crew being transported are booked in advance, A4A president and CEO Nicholas Calio said....More May 2, 2017 Article Confident businesses, consumers drive strong air travel demand Global air travel demand is more robust than expected so far in 2017 because of growing business and consumer confidence, according to IATA chief economist Brian Pearce....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video IranAir receives ATR turboprops for regional growth Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Tue May 16, 2017 | 9:42am EDT IranAir receives ATR turboprops for regional growth The logo of IranAir is pictured in Colomiers, near Toulouse, France, January 11, 2017. REUTERS/Regis Duvignau By Tim Hepher | TOULOUSE, France TOULOUSE, France IranAir took delivery of four European turboprop aircraft on Tuesday, as it extended the renewal of its aging fleet under an international sanctions-lifting deal to regional cities. The first of 20 ATR 72-600s ordered by IranAir were handed over at Franco-Italian planemaker ATR's Toulouse headquarters and are scheduled to arrive in Tehran on Wednesday. The deliveries will bring to seven the number of new Western aircraft delivered to Iran since trade reopened under a deal between Tehran and major powers to ease sanctions in exchange for restrictions on Iran's nuclear research activities. IranAir is mostly rebuilding its fleet with deals to buy a total of 180 Airbus and Boeing passenger jets, but the arrival of ATR 70-seat planes is aimed at underserved local economies. IranAir aims to cover a populous arc in Iran's northwest and northeast and may eventually base some of the ATR planes in the Caspian city of Rasht, Chairman Farhad Parvaresh told Reuters. A similar model could ultimately be established in Bandar Abbas in the south. "This is the plan, a commercial plan, but of course it might change," Parvaresh said, speaking on board the first aircraft. Currently, 90 percent of IranAir's domestic traffic revolves around 10-12 airports, but a lower tier of destinations fail to met their potential due to a lack of small planes. "We hope very much that with this type of aircraft we can connect the small cities to the mega cities," Parvaresh said. "As the number of aircraft increases, we will increase this hub-and-spoke pattern inside the country with the small airports," he added. "But in addition to domestic routes we can also use them in the future to connect ... Iran's border cities to the border cities of our neighbours, for which it is not always economical to use bigger aircraft." Such routes might include Kish to Dubai, Lar to Qatar's capital Doha or traffic between Tabriz in Iran's Azerbaijan region and the Azeri capital Baku. Each ATR 72-600 is worth $26.8 million at list prices but planes typically trade at a discount. IranAir plans to take the remaining 16 by end-2018, including another five this year. It has so far received three Airbus jets and will get another by end-year. The first Boeing is due around May 2018. Despite the lifting of nuclear-related sanctions, Iran continues to faces hurdles in financing long-term purchases because banks are nervous of infringing separate U.S. sanctions. For now, officials say it is paying for aircraft in cash but that this money will serve as deposits for later deliveries. "Financing is going ahead but it is not finalised yet," Parvaresh said. The deal between IranAir and ATR - co-owned by Airbus (AIR.PA) and Italy's Leonardo LDOF.PA - includes a training program for Iranian pilots and engineers. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Edwina Gibbs and Louise Heavens) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Puerto Rico, creditors face off for first time in bankruptcy court Puerto Rico on Wednesday will face investors for the first time in a bankruptcy court, as it kicks off the biggest and most divisive debt restructuring in U.S. public finance history.    Trump trade officials prefer tri-lateral NAFTA deal: U.S. senators WASHINGTON The Trump administration's top trade officials hope to keep the North American Free Trade Agreement as a trilateral deal in negotiations with Canada and Mexico to revamp the 23-year-old pact, senators said on Tuesday. Trump to reassure Saudi allies, promote business, talk tough on radicalism WASHINGTON/RIYADH When U.S. President Donald Trump meets Saudi princes in Riyadh on Saturday, he can expect a warmer welcome than the one given a year ago to his predecessor Barack Obama, who Riyadh considered soft on arch foe Iran and cool toward a bilateral relationship that is a mainstay of the Middle East's security balance. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad IranAir receives ATR turboprops for regional growth By Reuters Published: 09:41 EDT, 16 May 2017 | Updated: 09:57 EDT, 16 May 2017 e-mail By Tim Hepher TOULOUSE, France, May 16 (Reuters) - IranAir took delivery of four European turboprop aircraft on Tuesday, as it extended the renewal of its ageing fleet under an international sanctions-lifting deal to regional cities. The first of 20 ATR 72-600s ordered by IranAir were handed over at Franco-Italian planemaker ATR's Toulouse headquarters and are scheduled to arrive in Tehran on Wednesday. The deliveries will bring to seven the number of new Western aircraft delivered to Iran since trade reopened under a deal between Tehran and major powers to ease sanctions in exchange for restrictions on Iran's nuclear research activities. IranAir is mostly rebuilding its fleet with deals to buy a total of 180 Airbus and Boeing passenger jets, but the arrival of ATR 70-seat planes is aimed at underserved local economies. IranAir aims to cover a populous arc in Iran's northwest and northeast and may eventually base some of the ATR planes in the Caspian city of Rasht, Chairman Farhad Parvaresh told Reuters. A similar model could ultimately be established in Bandar Abbas in the south. "This is the plan, a commercial plan, but of course it might change," Parvaresh said, speaking on board the first aircraft. Currently, 90 percent of IranAir's domestic traffic revolves around 10-12 airports, but a lower tier of destinations fail to met their potential due to a lack of small planes. "We hope very much that with this type of aircraft we can connect the small cities to the mega cities," Parvaresh said. "As the number of aircraft increases, we will increase this hub-and-spoke pattern inside the country with the small airports," he added. "But in addition to domestic routes we can also use them in the future to connect ... Iran's border cities to the border cities of our neighbours, for which it is not always economical to use bigger aircraft." Such routes might include Kish to Dubai, Lar to Qatar's capital Doha or traffic between Tabriz in Iran's Azerbaijan region and the Azeri capital Baku. Each ATR 72-600 is worth $26.8 million at list prices but planes typically trade at a discount. IranAir plans to take the remaining 16 by end-2018, including another five this year. It has so far received three Airbus jets and will get another by end-year. The first Boeing is due around May 2018. Despite the lifting of nuclear-related sanctions, Iran continues to faces hurdles in financing long-term purchases because banks are nervous of infringing separate U.S. sanctions. For now, officials say it is paying for aircraft in cash but that this money will serve as deposits for later deliveries. "Financing is going ahead but it is not finalised yet," Parvaresh said. The deal between IranAir and ATR - co-owned by Airbus and Italy's Leonardo - includes a training programme for Iranian pilots and engineers. (Reporting by Tim Hepher; Editing by Edwina Gibbs and Louise Heavens) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS She certainly has a type! Taylor Swift has been 'secretly dating' rising star Joe Alwyn for months... after doomed romance from fellow Brit Tom Hiddleston PICTURED: Anna Friel, 40, getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, at TV BAFTAs... amid reports the duo shared 'electric chemistry' Incredible shrinking man: Brad Pitt looks thinner than ever in oversized suit as he poses next to Netflix exec at War Machine premiere in NYC 'These are actually Cheryl's trousers!': Liam Payne confesses the £1,500 designer gear he is wearing belong to his 'fashionista' girlfriend 'Sex addict' Scott Disick, 33, takes Bella Thorne, 19, to dinner then whisks her off to two hot spots... as Kourtney Kardashian gets closer to a model   10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED Meet Taylor Swift's new beau Joe Alwyn: The London-born rising star who has won over big-name directors with his 'disarming humility'... and still lives at home  Pretty in pink! Kourtney Kardashian wears casual hoodie with sky high heels as she takes son Mason out in Beverly Hills Miley Cyrus shows off toned tummy in black crop top and tight jeans while promoting her new album... after revealing Katy Perry is her oldest friend Having a spliff-ing time! Khloe Kardashian 'WAS holding marijuana joint on Costa Rica episode of KUWTK' Supposedly a non-smoker  Rita Ora commands attention in striking black evening dress ahead of ABC presentation... as she is unveiled as host of new talent show Boy Band Mark Ronson and wife Josephine de La Baume 'divorce after five and a half years together... citing irreconcilable differences as reason for their split' 'There's real chemistry': Coronation Street's Daniel Brocklebank 'is dating co-star Rob Mallard'... after duo sweep LGBT Award arm-in-arm MIC's Louise Thompson continues to exhibit envy-inducing abs in yet ANOTHER bikini-clad snap taken from her sixth holiday in just five months Eva Longoria oozes golden glamour in dazzling flapper-style frock as she leads superstar red carpet arrivals at her Parisian Global Gift Gala Age-defying Pamela Anderson, 49, goes braless as she teases abs and famous cleavage in chic separates at Global Gift Gala in Paris Recovered from the weekend? Anna Friel, 40, looks spring-chic in flowing floral dress... after getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23 Sex acts on TV, rehab, boozy hot tub antics: WILD reality stars Frankie Cocozza, Charlotte Dawson and James Argent join Celebs Go Dating Something to tell us? Liam Payne calls Cheryl his WIFE during radio interview... as he speaks about dealing with 'diaper duty' following birth of baby son Bear Back on the battlefield! Michelle Keegan returns as Lance Corporal Georgie Lane in first glimpse at Our Girl series three... as show is expanded  'She was suddenly removed from the plane': Danniella Westbrook 'KICKED OFF a flight to Spain after altercation with a stag party onboard' 'I'm happy when things are simple': Anne Hathaway reveals she is more 'satisfied' with life since welcoming son Jonathan She's loving motherhood 'J-Lo would marry A-Rod if he asked': Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are 'already talking marriage' after two months of dating Is she finally dating? Caitlyn Jenner heads out for coffee in Malibu with mystery blonde Caitlyn Jenner, 67, looked like she was enjoying some company on Tuesday  Bumping along! Pregnant Whitney Port shows off her growing baby belly as she runs errands in LA...and complains about her swollen feet Former EastEnders star Samantha Womack ditches the glamour in favour of tattered jeans and a tee as she wraps up performance in The Addams Family Musical Megan McKenna 'scoops reality show documenting attempt at COUNTRY music career'... after failed bids for singing stardom on TOWIE, BGT and two-time X Factor try Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves arrives for consultation at Harley Street... after being refused risky operation to alter his eye colour in India She's doing something white! Kady McDermott flaunts her enviably toned physique in racy plunging swimsuit as she documents sexy photo shoot SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt is urged into a sordid threesome by paedophile boyfriend Nathan Curtis... after severing ties with worried mother Sarah on Coronation Street Busty Lisa Snowdon looks more loved-up than ever with fiancé George Smart as they make stylish arrival at the House of Fraser AW17 press day James 'Arg' Argent continues to display his slimmer physique... as he makes an unlikely entrance at A-list film screening attended by Naomi Campbell  Always chic! Cindy Crawford hits fashion high note in sophisticated figure-hugging black dress at LA bash World's top model Jessica Simpson's father Joe is 'free of prostate cancer' six months after diagnosis was confirmed He had radiation treatment in February 'He is gutted': Anton du Beke is 'disappointed he was overlooked' for Strictly head judge role in favour of Shirley Ballas... as he felt 'the panel needed a Brit' Amicable exes! Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana sent singer 100 flowers for her 51st birthday Need a training day? Denzel Washington is unrecognizable in what appears to be a fat suit on set of new movie The 62-year-old was almost unrecognisable Do you have a permit? Kanye West resurfaces in Malibu and parks in handicap spot... after spending weeks in Wyoming mountains Making the cut! Vanessa Hudgens shows off tum in striped crop top while leaving hair salon after chopping her dark locks Katy Perry CONFIRMS she will become a judge on American Idol reboot adding she's 'honored' to be a part of the iconic show Giving her lip! Black-ish star Anthony Anderson smooches on-screen wife Tracee Ellis Ross' shoulder at ABC Upfront event in New York Hailee Steinfeld flashes flesh in semi-sheer cutout dress at Billboard's Women in Music event Epitome of sophistication on the night Feeding us The Leftovers! Jimmy Kimmel and Justin Theroux team up to create new live show reviving classic sitcom scripts 'We were all Edward Norton the whole time': Brad Pitt and Stephen Colbert contemplate existential conundrums on the Late Show Feeling contemplative 'He was drugged up': Eamonn Holmes admits he had believed Ruth Langsford was an angel after waking up from his gruelling double hip replacement White hot! Shanina Shaik flaunts taut torso in flirty two-piece at reality star Nicole Williams' bridal shower White to a bridal shower in West Hollywood  Star in stripes! Christina Milian cuts a stylish figure emerging from Nicole Williams' bridal shower Leaving Hyde Sunset Kitchen + Cocktails She's not shy! Samara Weaving STRIPS DOWN to lingerie in Charlie Puth's steamy music video... weeks after denying nude photo leak Recent nude photo leak 'I just like this better': Gwyneth Paltrow explains why she put acting career on hold to dedicate time to her lifestyle empire Goop Business empire Sex abuse story that's relentless, brutal and - tragically - 100% true: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Salma Hayek shows off quirky style in structured leather jacket and green plaid skirt as she arrives at P. Diddy film screening in London And so it begins! Emily Ratajkowski flashes her abs in tiny black crop top as she leads the A-list arrivals in Nice ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival Ellie Goulding steals the show in daring hotpants as she delivers energetic performance at Moroccan music festival Beauty in blue! Youthful Naomi Watts, 48, shows off her slender figure in silk dress as she heads to New York gala Alesha Dixon wows in tight green vest with her black lacy bra on show as she gets cosy with boyfriend Azuka Ononye at Can't Stop, Won't Stop, A Bad Boy Story film screening Naomi Campbell looks chic in semi-sheer lace top and black trouser suit as she supports friend P. Diddy at star-studded London screening of his documentary film What a difference a wig makes! Penelope Cruz gets into character as Donatella Versace with help of long hairpiece on American Crime Story set Pretty in peach! Demi Lovato hits the runway in trenchcoat with matching silk midi skirt at LAX His clothes are too big now! Newly slender Brad Pitt swims in his togs as he hits The Late Show... after denying he is 'suicidal' after Angelina split Lucky girl! Gina Rodriguez is gorgeous in green as she arrives for talk show appearance... before cuddling up to fellow guest Brad Pitt Their hips don't lie! Shakira and Becky G flash the flesh at Univision's 2017 Upfront in NYC The 40-year-old singer showcased her stunning figure  Oops they did it again! Britney Spears' sons spook her with another on-camera prank  Jayden, 10 and Sean Preston, 11, teamed up to scare their mum Regrets! Kim Kardashian swears off pizza and ice cream after epic chow down with Jonathan Cheban in NYC as she's back to working out in LA Kerry Washington sizzles in bold red and hot pink mini dress...as it's revealed why Shonda Rhimes decided it was time to end Scandal Casual cool! Margot Robbie gives a peek at her toned tum in white crop top and patchwork denim as she hits market in Hawaii Poppy Delevingne swaps her glamour for varsity jacket as she and husband James Cook casually celebrate their wedding anniversary at P. Diddy film screening Supermodel Winnie Harlow oozes elegance in silk robe layered over a tiny bralet for P Diddy film screening Heating things up! Hollywood heartthrob Zac Efron arrives in Sydney with co-star Alexandra Daddario ahead of Baywatch film premiere In her party dress! Mandy Moore sports flirty animal print skirt and chic black blouse at star-studded bash The 33-year-old cut a seriously stylish figure Ricky Martin takes a break from American Crime Story set as he shows off banging body in tiny swim shorts Thrones fit for (the sister of) a Queen! If you thought bride-to-be Pippa's £100,000 glass marquee was over the top, wait until you see the luxury PORTALOOS at her £330,000 wedding Pippa is set to wear her hair up for the big day - with the help of Kate's personal hairdresser  She's got a lot to smile about! Reese Witherspoon looks summer ready in jeans and a floral top from her clothing line Draper James 'South Africa is incredible!' VIP Justin Bieber SKIPS line at Table Mountain's Cableway in Cape Town Gigi Hadid's stalker grins in court two years after his repeated attempts to break into supermodel's NYC pad forced her to sell the $2.5M property  Lily Collins explains how her role as an anorexia sufferer enabled her to see how she looked to others when she struggled with the disorder in the past  Roseanne Barr reunites with TV husband John Goodman as reboot of classic show is announced Celebrated its revival in style Roseanne reboot featuring Barr, John Goodman and Sara Gilbert officially greenlit for eight episodes at ABC Bethenny Frankel called the Real Housewives of Atlanta reunion 'disgusting' and 'gross' Cold-shoulder chic! Jenna Dewan dazzles in cut-out top and midi skirt for New York outing The actress is currently doing promotional rounds  'I've actually kissed many of these people!' Katy Perry reveals 'who she would rather' in a Hollywood matchmaker game on Ellen Hollywood's main men 'She's always watching': Liam Payne confirms to fans that the tattoo on his arm IS of Cheryl's eye... after revealing true feelings on baby Bear's name On his best behaviour! Queen Mathilde gives son Prince Emmanuel a stern look as he accompanies her to a cello competition in Belgium Her royal shyness! Crown Princess Mary reduces a nervous toddler to tears as she attends the opening of a food centre in Aarhus Series creator Shonda Rhimes confirms Scandal will end after seven seasons but promises they will 'leave nothing on the table' Dancing With The Stars pro Anna Trebunskaya reveals she is expecting a baby boy with boyfriend Nevin Millan Harry Judd's pregnant wife Izzy shares sweet snap of her daughter pecking her growing bump during their first family holiday 'The men were getting paid more': Kirsten Dunst reflects on Spider-Man salary and reveals was asked to lose weight for her latest movie role The jury's out! Jessica Chastain complements her trademark flame-red tresses with chic crimson gown as she joins fellow Cannes judges for lunch  'Everybody knows you make the best actors': Jeff Goldblum praises stars Down Under as actor says Australia produces the greatest talent Robin Thicke vs. stepmom: Alan Thicke's sons go to war with late actor's wife as they claim she's threatening them with bad press to get more of his estate Tyga's rumoured former fling Demi Rose flaunts her ample cleavage in an array of raunchy skin-flashing snaps Left it seductively open Kim Kardashian's assistant says Kris Jenner 'can get on the phone and change the world' and admits she once ran all over San Francisco looking for a CARD GAME for Kanye Cigs And The City: Bella Hadid smokes cigarettes as she flashes a rare smile while dining at Eden Roc in France She's arrived for Cannes That's not A$AP! Kendall Jenner leaves cosy Italian restaurant with mystery man after partying with rapper Rocky at West Hollywood club 'Bad human kill apes': Gun-toting Woody Harrelson attacks apes as epic violence erupts in War For The Planet Of The Apes final trailer 'She's the sweetest!' Holly Willoughby gets broody as she cradles First Dates' first baby... as she admits being a mum made it hard to have date nights Brooklyn Beckham displays his typically grungy style in a beanie and gold chain as he larks around with crew members outside a photo shoot in London Elle Fanning dazzles in sparkly statement shades as she goes makeup-free for her arrival in Nice ahead of the Cannes Film Festival So much for basic black and white! Ariel Winter steps out in a tight structured bodice as she heads to a daytime meeting He's not called Harry STYLES for nothing! FEMAIIL breaks down the summer fashion trends and tricks inspired by the solo-going One Direction star Feisty Emma Stone serves up plenty of feminist spirit as tennis hero Billie Jean King in new trailer for Battle Of The Sexes with Steve Carell 'She's the ultimate pop star': Miley Cyrus gushes about little sister Noah as she cuts stylish figure in midi dress and fedora Rebellious years gone Girls just wanna have fun! Love Island's Katie Salmon and Ex On The Beach's ZaraLena Jackson flaunt their enviable figures in TINY beachwear as they put on a racy display in Ibiza Tallia Storm displays her fit physique in a patterned blue bikini as she her sun-soaked getaway to Ibiza continues In shape Imogen Thomas showcases her ample assets and endless curves in sizzling plunging black bikini in sultry Instagram snap Taking a break from mom duties! Irina Shayk touches her tummy two months after welcoming baby with Bradley Cooper as she's seen solo in NYC Don't stop 'til you get enough (coffee): Paris Jackson cuts a casual figure with a friend in LA after stunning on Teen Vogue cover Curvy Amber Rose causes a commotion in a LBD in Miami... but then opts for a relaxed look to jet back to LA Bill Cosby says he will NOT testify at his upcoming sexual assault trial next month, saying he's worried he might mess up his own defense while being questioned Only the best! Kylie Jenner, 19, rents stunning clifftop mansion in Beverly Hills for $125k a month She's renting out a property while she gets work done  'She's just as bad as he is': Courtney Love gets murdered by her sons in first Menendez: Blood Brothers trailer Jude Law's limited series The Young Pope gets spinoff as HBO greenlights The New Pope HBO has ordered a follow-up to acclaimed limited series She sure looks happy to be with the guy! Drew Barrymore beams in NYC with ex-husband Will Kopelman... after honoring him on Mother's Day New mum Paloma Faith goes casual in flared jeans and a maroon jacket as she steps out for solo stroll... five months after giving birth to daughter Lorde dons Dior and Daisy Dukes in ELLE... and reveals Kiwi pals call her a 'weird old dowager with a nice house' Is THIS Pippa's wedding dress? Stylists are seen arriving at the bride-to-be's house carrying white garment bags - and the Duchess' hairdresser is there too Royals turn out for Queen's first garden party of the season - as Kate reveals she's 'nervous' about how George and Charlotte will behave at her sister's wedding  Private Moss! Model Kate channels a military vibe in khaki green as she steps out in London... after rare insight into romance with beau Nikolai  'I'm back in my skinny jeans': Billie Faiers credits her post-baby weight-loss to breastfeeding as she snaps back into shape just 10 weeks after birth 'It was an internal battle': Liam Payne, 23, on why Cheryl, 33, chose 'Bear' when he 'wasn't really having it'... as he reveals baby's secret middle name 'Who knew there were so many eligible bachelors?' Tinashe shows off her abs and ample assets in racy crop top as she admits she's on the look out for love during candid Radio 1 interview Fashion favourite Alexa Chung is 'dropped' as the face of Longchamp due to her association with 'countless other brands' She wears heels everywhere! Hilaria Baldwin poses on a slide with four-inch pumps as she plays at NYC park with Alec and her three kids 'She's feeling terrible': Pregnant Danielle Lloyd 'has been forced to clear her schedule after being left bed-ridden by gestational diabetes' She's suffering She Cannes do no wrong! Bella Hadid dazzles in a silver jacket and chic patchwork jeans as she makes a stylish arrival at Film Festival in France  Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves shares a kiss with female companion during night out... after doctor rejects his bid to alter eye colour in India Jimmy Kimmel will return as host of 90th Academy Awards for second consecutive year... as comedian is lauded as 'one of the finest emcees in Oscar history' Saving the glamour for Cannes! Make-up free Marion Cotillard does low-key chic in plaid shirt dress as she touches down in Nice for the film festival Wheelie not ideal! Kendall Jenner hilariously falls flat on her face after she takes a tumble off her bike in side-splitting social media clip 'It was beautiful': Newly engaged Emily VanCamp reveals fiance Josh Bowman proposed to her in the forest during a hike 'We were in nature' Workout hard with a vengeance! Scout Willis is trim toned and terrific as she heads to a pilates class in a stomach-flaunting look  Samantha Harris is closer to her dream job at Victoria's Secret as she prepares to model swimwear at Fashion Week... a year after reuniting with her jailbird husband Luke Hunt Made In Chelsea's Frankie Gaff flaunts her sensational figure in an array of skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sunshine in Dubai Romantic getaway  'Enjoy the book, you're the one writing it': Jon Bon Jovi surprises New Jersey college graduates with live commencement show Scott Disick enjoys a night out with gorgeous rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross... after admitting he is a 'f**ked up sex addict' Partying hard, again Vogue Williams poses in a tiny white bikini to lament her 'post holiday blues' as she continues to hog the limelight in Pippa Middleton's wedding week 'We love you!': Teresa Giudice offers a prayer for RHONJ co-star Dina Manzo after she's beaten and bound during home invasion robbery Hayden Panettiere's childhood home goes on the market for $1.75M after parents' bitter divorce battle finally comes to an end Palisades, New York Ferry dramatic! Tom Cruise takes to the River Seine to shoot spectacular stunt sequence as he continues Mission Impossible 6 filming Hear her Roar! Katy Perry showcases her vocal abilities as she's spotted by a fan filming Carpool Karaoke alongside James Corden Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson shows off tanned six-pack in a hot pink bikini as she enjoys her sixth holiday of the year in Mexico Make-up free Nigella Lawson shows off her svelte frame and tiny waist as she goes low-key in all black for a stroll  Effortlessly chic Did Trump steal from Legally Blonde? Jimmy Fallon compares president's motivational commencement address to Elle Woods' speech in spoof  'I want to conceive on Joey's day release': 'Celibate' Lauren Goodger is planning a baby with jailbird beau BEFORE 2018 and says she 'doesn't go out' EastEnders star Lacey Turner gets huge elephant tattoo on her spine... and shares the painful process on social media A long session  Topless Chantelle Connelly and Jemma Lucy get VERY hands-on as they pucker up for a passionate kiss in the shower on Spanish sunshine break Jet setter! Eva Longoria dresses down for her flight to Paris to host Global Gift Gala Celebrating her first anniversary with third husband José Make-up free Patsy Palmer looks sartorially savvy in chunky shawl and denims as she hits the town in London Duke of York's Theatre evening 'Another day another bikini': Former TOWIE bombshell Kate Wright flaunts her enviable figure and tiny waist in a coral two-piece Ferdinand's 'girlfriend' 'I was born with a platform, and I didn't want to waste it': Paris Jackson reveals why she's building a career in the public eye Modelling portfolio 'I eat chips for breakfast': Charlotte Dawson admits to VERY unhealthy diet and has nicknamed her chins Bob and Belinda after gorging on sweets Ivanka Trump barely cracks a smile as she steps out in a ladylike floral frock amid controversy about her dad sharing intelligence with Russia 'Don't give up. Don't quit. Persist!' Chelsea Clinton echoes mom Hillary's words as she encourages young women to play SPORTS and keep active 'Walking into adulthood': Tiffany Trump cheers on Ross Mechanic as he graduates from University of Pennsylvania A new Brand of man: Russell and his fiancée Laura Gallacher enjoy a stroll in New York with daughter Mabel   He's had a hedonistic past Who needs Orlando Bloom when you have Paris? Katy Perry parties at Ms Hilton's mansion with Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie and Iggy Azalea 'I don't want anything to ruin this time!' Pregnant Jennifer Metcalfe discusses welcoming her first child with 'best mate' Greg Lake 'Fashion should never make you feel bad!': Reese Witherspoon says 'rude, snotty' salespeople alienate shoppers... but her stores are 'fun' Bye bye, bling: The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell 'will need to RETURN her 95k engagement ring to ABC' following split from Ben Higgins 'You've got to earn this': Michael Phelps is put through his paces by Dwayne Johnson as he tries out for Baywatch in funny promo Funny clip  'Not a good example': Elle Macpherson urges Rosie Huntington-Whiteley to lose post-baby weight slowly after shedding hers in just THREE WEEKS Jamie O'Hara and bikini-clad girlfriend Elizabeth-Jayne Tierney can't keep their hands off one another as she frolics in a thong on the beach in Ibiza From lovers to friends! Former Geordie Shore star Vicky Pattison reunited with ex 'Fit Dan' Conn as he congratulates her on finding love 'I can't depend on Hollywood for jobs': Kim Cattrall, 60, hits out at ageism in the acting industry as she laments being cast as 'grotesque older women' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift heads home to Nashville to visit her mother... as she's seen for the first time in three months after laying low Dodging the drama 'Your passing has left me destroyed forever but I know you are at peace': Rosario Dawson 'finds her 26-year-old cousin dead in her Los Angeles home' 'It's an emotional time for me': Love Island's Nathan Massey breaks his silence following ex-girlfriend Cara De La Hoyde's shock pregnancy news Red alert! Ravishing redheads Jessica Chastain, Julianne Moore and Susan Sarandon arrive for Cannes Film Festival in style J'Adore: Natalie Portman wears blue velvet gown as she cosies up to husband Benjamin Millepied at Dior perfume launch She's a new mum Ore Oduba and wife Portia can't contain their excitement as they jet off to Cannes for This Morning... days after his raucous night out with Laura Whitmore Prince of hearts! William follows in his mother's footsteps as he bonds with a six-year-old cancer patient on a visit to the Royal Marsden Hospital  Blooming lovely! Duchess of Cornwall is presented with a pretty bouquet as she joins Prince Charles on a visit to Oxford's historic covered market  'They need to do a whole reboot!' Paula Abdul rules out returning to American Idol Se will not be part of the ABC Network reboot SPOILER ALERT: Maria Connor and Aidan Turner caught leaving hotel after a secret tryst... as Eva Price finally finds out the truth on Coronation Street James Matthews apologises to an old lady after his dog relieves himself in the street... as Pippa's fiancé shows off a buff physique ahead of their wedding Slimmed down Blac Chyna flaunts her tiny waist and bodacious derriere in tiny pink skirt and matching cropped bomber for night out On her finest form 'He picks single mothers and vulnerable women': Heartbroken Josie Gibson lashes out at 'manipulative' ex Sam Player after discovering he 'cheated five times' Just the ticket! Emily MacDonagh, 27, sports leather trousers as she jets out of London with Peter Andre, 44... after admitting 'motherhood can be lonely' Here comes the A-list bridesmaid! Margot Robbie wears ethereal frock and flowers in her hair for best friend's wedding in Hawaii PICTURED: Zoe Ball picks up a coffee as she is seen for the first time since boyfriend Billy Yates was tragically found hanged at his home Victoria Beckham stuns in a loose patterned shirtdress before changing into chic velvet skirt as she turns heads at fashion launch in Hong Kong This is one you auto see! Harry Styles dons a brightly coloured shirt as he joins James Corden to announce brand new Carpool Karaoke session How Demelza gets her dazzle! £12,000 earrings, a VERY daring designer, scarlet hair dye - and ambition so fierce she bagged an agent at 11 'There was an electric chemistry between them': Anna Friel, 40, and Charlie Heaton, 23, 'couldn't keep their hands off each other' at TV BAFTAs 'It fizzled out': Cricket ace Stuart Broad 'splits' from lingerie model girlfriend Bealey Mitchell after three years of dating Split amicably 'Our thoughts are with David': Piers Morgan ridicules Beckham over King Arthur box office flop as he says his movie career has come to a 'shuddering halt' Grime superstar Stormzy donates £9,000 to an Oxford University student so she can go to Harvard... before her friends thank him with a Nando's  'Am I in heaven?': Model Taylor Hill shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini during beach break The 20-year-old model was in her element  'I did something unforgivable because I was out of my mind': Sinead O'Connor apologises for 'vicious' attack on family during breakdown 'He's destined for Hollywood': Charlie Higson praises 'fantastic' co-star James Norton as he discusses joining the cast of Grantchester Purple reign: Jennifer Hudson looks leggy in very short floral dress with plunging neckline for TV network junket Pulled out all the stops for the cameras 'It keeps my mind at ease': Pregnant Binky Felstead hits out at anti-exercise critics as she insists maintaining her fitness has helped her 'anxiety' Busty Bianca Gascoigne oozes glamour as she flaunts her more than ample assets in an extremely plunging bodycon dress for London night out Nicole Richie turns heads in a plunging white gown with thigh-high slit as she celebrates renewal of her brand new sitcom Great News 'Health is much more important than stuff': Joan Collins reveals how 'upsetting' she has found auctioning off $3m worth of her late sister Jackie's items Margot Robbie flaunts her toned pins in thigh-grazing bardot dress as she enjoys a helicopter ride with pals... following bridesmaid duties in Hawaii Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Boeing makes first 737 MAX delivery to Malindo Air after concern over engines Startup Spotlight: Phoresa is creating a ‘pregnancy-style’ test for infectious diseases Cloud Foundry now generally available for SAP customers, along with new infrastructure choices Elysium Space and Seattle’s Spaceflight plan to spread loved ones’ ashes in orbit SkyMapper Sighting signs up citizen scientists to hunt for supernovae Amazon’s next fashion challenge: Technology to help people find clothes that actually fit ‘Genius’ TV show highlights links between Einstein’s love affairs and love of physics Microsoft and United Nations team up for ‘landmark’ human rights technology partnership Cray now an official member of Cloud City with new “supercomputing as a service” strategy Conversica’s new Seattle office cements city’s status as AI and machine learning hotbed Hate going to IKEA? On-demand movers Dolly promote a run to the store to save you the trouble How the new Flying Fish venture fund aims to change the game for Seattle startups Amazon starts taking pre-orders for first Alexa-enabled 4K TVs The Snapchatification of Instagram continues as cute face filters are now an option on photos Glympse location sharing comes to Samsung TVs, lets users track friends, family, pizza from couch Genoa Pharmaceuticals raises $62M for clinical trials and names Bruce Montgomery CEO AWS maintains sizable lead as public cloud market grows 42% in Q1 Ahead of I/O, Google Cloud Platform adds new managed IoT service, releases Cloud Spanner Amazon adding opt-in Alexa notifications: Echo will chime and pulse green when info is waiting Hewlett Packard Enterprise unveils a monster computer that’s made for Mars 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Aerial photos: Construction begins on Google’s massive Seattle campus in Amazon’s backyard Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? Welcome to the new West Coast ‘megalopolis:’ Diving into the complex relationship between Seattle and Silicon Valley Microsoft issues ‘highly unusual’ ransomware patch for XP and other old Windows versions ‘You know who can afford a house in Seattle?’ Code Fellows pulls divisive ad touting software salaries Tech Moves: REI CIO named CTO at Lululemon; PicMonkey CEO hands reins to new leader; and more Trump signs cybersecurity executive order, mandating a move to cloud computing Go play near traffic! City of Seattle to officially open Arcade Park, as Pac-Man chomps pavement This high-school freshman went to Microsoft Build: What he learned about AI, the cloud and the future Hewlett Packard Enterprise unveils a monster computer that’s made for Mars Former Bitly CMO returns to Seattle, creates VC fund to provide NW startups with more early-stage cash Just three words: Here’s what Bill Gates would do today if he were just starting out Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin says BE-4 rocket test goes awry, but tests will resume soon Jeff Bezos explains Amazon’s artificial intelligence and machine learning strategy Python in Seattle, JavaScript in NYC? Study reveals top coding languages across major cities Amazon says caller blocking for Alexa/Echo is coming, amid customer complaints Amazon to create permanent shelter for homeless families on its Seattle campus Amazon Music product leader explains why Alexa is only available in 3 countries so far Trending: 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Space & Science Hewlett Packard Enterprise unveils a monster computer that’s made for Mars by Alan Boyle on May 16, 2017 at 6:00 amMay 15, 2017 at 11:57 pm Comments  1 Share  91 Tweet Share  39 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! In a video tied to the 2016 movie “Star Trek Beyond,” Hewlett Packard Enterprise imagines a time when Starfleet trainees learn about the rise of The Machine. (HPE Discover via YouTube) What does a prototype computer with 160 terabytes of memory have to do with missions to Mars? The way Kirk Bresniker sees it, a giant leap in computing is required for the giant leap to the Red Planet. “That’s actually what we need to wrap around that crew,” Bresniker, chief architect at Hewlett Packard Labs, told GeekWire. Bresniker said the latest prototype in a Hewlett Packard Enterprise research project known as The Machine, unveiled today, represents one not-so-small step toward the kind of computer that could be included on a Mars mission. “We have talked with some of the teams who have worked on mission proposals” for journeys to Mars, he said. Bresniker isn’t naming names, but he acknowledged that the companies he’s talking with are on the level of Boeing and Lockheed Martin. It’s not just aerospace companies that could benefit: Hewlett Packard Enterprise CEO Meg Whitman says the computer architecture being developed for The Machine is well-suited for addressing big problems on Earth as well. “The secrets to the next great scientific breakthrough, industry-changing innovation or life-altering technology hide in plain sight behind the mountains of data we create every day,” Whitman said in a statement released today. “To realize this promise, we can’t rely on the technologies of the past. We need a computer built for the Big Data era.” HPE calls its concept for The Machine “memory-driven computing.” Rather than loading data into standard silicon-based memory and relying on calculations and recalculations to process the information, the computer can hold and manipulate entire data sets in its arrays of memristors. Memory-driven computing has the potential to keep processing power climbing upward, which is just what the industry needs right now, Bresniker said. “Moore’s Law is running out of steam,” he said. “Now that it’s coming to an end, it leaves us exposed.” Not everyone is sold on The Machine: When HPE provided an update on the project last November, some observers said that its memristor technology didn’t look as if it was ready for prime time, and that the concept would “not emerge from the labs as an official product anytime soon.” Today’s announcement signals that HPE still has high hopes for The Machine, at least over the long term. HPE said its prototype device, comprising 160 terabytes of shared memory spread across 40 physical nodes, is the world’s largest single-memory computer. And Bresniker’s lab is just getting warmed up. Bresniker says the computer architecture is on track to scale up to the exabyte level – that is, a million terabytes of memory – by the year 2022 or so. Beyond that, HPE says the sky’s the limit. More precisely, the limit appears to be 4,096 yottabytes, which HPE says is about 250,000 times the total size of today’s digital universe. (For numbers geeks, one yottabyte equals 1024 bytes, or a septillion bytes.) Theoretically, that monstrous amount of memory could accommodate every scenario that Mission Control could anticipate for an interplanetary mission. “By pre-calculating a large number of those plans … you can include as many ‘black swans’ as your design team can come up with,” Bresniker said. What’s more, memristor-based data storage systems are “much less susceptible to radiation” than today’s systems, he said. If HPE follow through on its vision for The Machine, that should make it easier for Mars-bound crews in the 2030s to rely on their onboard computers rather than having to check with Mission Control. In the midst of a crisis, relying on communications with Earth for guidance would be highly problematic for crewed Mars missions, since the two-way light travel time for signals can exceed 40 minutes. Bresniker sees future Mars missions as “the perfect laboratory” for The Machine, and he’s looking forward to seeing what astronauts do with the computers that Hewlett Packard Enterprise will create. “Being able to bring those computational capabilities with them is what’s particularly interesting to us,” he said. Let’s just hope those machines are more like the even-tempered computer from “Star Trek,” and less like the creepy HAL 9000 from “2001: A Space Odyssey.” Bresniker, who leads The Machine research project, will deliver a Facebook Live presentation on memory-driven computing and its potential to support missions to Mars at 11:20 a.m. PT today. Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments 1 Share  91 Tweet Share  39 Reddit Email Previous StoryUber announces new integration with Transit app to better connect users with public transportation Next StoryAmazon adding opt-in Alexa notifications: Echo will chime and pulse green when info is waiting Filed Under: Space  Tagged With: Hewlett Packard • mars • The Machine GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Cloud Foundry ‘Dojo’ opening in Seattle, hosted by HP Enterprise Hewlett Packard Enterprise to bundle Docker technology with every server Hewlett Packard Enterprise cuts staff as it struggles to keep pace in the cloud Hewlett Packard Enterprise shakes up its cloud business, cloud leader Bill Hilf leaving company Previous StoryUber announces new integration with Transit app to better connect users with public transportation Next StoryAmazon adding opt-in Alexa notifications: Echo will chime and pulse green when info is waiting Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Reach advanced levels of Linux mastery in one course bundle GeekWire Deals: Build a beautiful website with SnapPages—no design experience needed Most Popular on GeekWire 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Aerial photos: Construction begins on Google’s massive Seattle campus in Amazon’s backyard Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. RecruiterMoz Electronic Systems and Architecture EngineerKenworth Truck Company Staff Software Development Engineer – Growth/SEOOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Non-Compete Agreements: Ties that bind the unwary, often unfairly Read More SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Non-Compete Agreements: Ties that bind the unwary, often unfairly Read More Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Search Watch Live Home Vote 2017 UK Brexit Trump World Business Tech Entertainment Offbeat Weather Sponsored By SpaceX launches its biggest satellite and burns Falcon 9 in process The enormous weight of the communications satellite means SpaceX cannot attempt to recover its Falcon 9 rocket. 13:36, UK, Tuesday 16 May 2017 Image: SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket takes off from NASA's Kennedy Space Centre in Florida Twitter Facebook Google+ Whats App Mail By Alexander J Martin, Technology Reporter SpaceX has successfully launched its heaviest satellite into orbit as part of a private mission for communications company Inmarsat. The fourth satellite in Inmarsat's Global XPress (GX) network of communications satellites is the heaviest orbital payload that SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket has ever carried. As such, for the first time since successfully recycling a rocket, SpaceX is not recovering the first stage of the Falcon 9 which requires a fully expendable configuration to handle the load capacity. Quick video recap of Falcon 9 launch of Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 pic.twitter.com/W8eVUEsH6r— SpaceX (@SpaceX) May 16, 2017 The 6.69-ton satellite was developed by Boeing and was launched from NASA's Kennedy Space Centre in Florida. It will orbit the Earth in a geostationary orbit, meaning it will travel at the same speed that the planet rotates and appear to stay in the same position in the sky. The less powerful Falcon 9 rocket was used instead of the Falcon Heavy for the Inmarsat launch after the Falcon Heavy's first test last week. The launch is one of 27 which SpaceX has planned for this calendar year, more than triple the eight flights it managed in 2016, and is the second SpaceX launch this month. Image: The Falcon 9 rocket's trajectory as it delivers the Inmarsat-5 satellite to geostationary orbit The company, which was founded by billionaire Elon Musk, made history in March when it launched a rocket which had successfully returned after a previous launch. As the first stage of this launch is expendable, the Falcon 9 targeted a supersynchronous transfer orbit, in which the rocket places the satellite closer to its insertion into geostationary orbit rather than leaving the satellite to burn its own fuel. The launch was the second of May for SpaceX. On the 1 June, another Falcon 9 launch will resupply the International Space Station. Top Stories Trump 'asked FBI boss to drop Flynn inquiry' Lib Dems aren't being squeezed, Farron insists Tories warn of '£58bn black hole' in Labour plans Quiz the leaders: Join our election audience Sky Views: Stop the cyberattack blame game Facebook Twitter Youtube Instagram Vine Google+ About Sky News Down About Us Sky News International Sky News Library Sales Site Map Editorial Guidelines Supreme Court Live Sky News Services Down Sky News RSS Sky News For Your Phone Sky News Radio Sky Channels Down Sky 1 Sky Living Sky Atlantic Sky Arts Sky Cinema Sky Sports More Sky Sites Down NOW TV Sky Academy Bigger Picture Sky Ride Sky Corporate Sky Bet Sky.com Sky News Arabia Advertise With Us Terms & Conditions Privacy & Cookies Notice Accessibility Information Contact Us © 2017 Sky UK We use cookies to give you the best experience. If you do nothing we'll assume that it's ok. Close Close
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 18 °C 6 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 22 °C 8 °C Pretoria, South Africa 19 °C 9 °C Cape Town, South Africa 24 °C 15 °C Durban, South Africa 26 °C 10 °C Mbombela, South Africa 21 °C 4 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 22 °C 8 °C Polokwane, South Africa 21 °C 12 °C Port Elizabeth, South Africa 23 °C 13 °C East London, South Africa 28 °C 8 °C Upington, South Africa 23 °C 4 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Story World braces for more cyberattacks as work week begins Story Bed-hopping still prevalent among South Africans: survey Story President publicly endorses Dlamini-Zuma as successor Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite Technology Tuesday 16 May 2017 - 12:38pm SpaceX on Monday launched a communications satellite for Inmarsat, marking its first launch for the London-based mobile broadband company. Photo: www.flickr.com/photos/spacex/ MIAMI – SpaceX on Monday launched a communications satellite for Inmarsat, marking its first launch for the London-based mobile broadband company. The Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite, built by Boeing, blasted off atop a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida at 7:21 pm (2321 GMT).   Quick video recap of Falcon 9 launch of Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 pic.twitter.com/W8eVUEsH6r — SpaceX (@SpaceX) May 16, 2017   "We've had confirmation of spacecraft separation," said a SpaceX commentator about 30 minutes after launch, signalling that the satellite was successfully deployed to a distant, geostationary orbit. "We've had good orbits, good separation, all you can ask for today." READ: SpaceX poised to launch from historic NASA pad The satellite is the fourth in the company's Global Xpress (GX) constellation, aimed at providing high-speed mobile broadband service. "Inmarsat, the only operator of a global Ka-band network, created the GX platform to enable communities across the world to benefit from the emerging digital society," said a company statement.   Successful deployment of Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 to a Geostationary Transfer Orbit confirmed. — SpaceX (@SpaceX) May 15, 2017   SpaceX, which is headed by Elon Musk, did not attempt to bring the first stage of the rocket back to Earth for an upright landing following the launch. The payload weighed some 13,500 pounds (6,100 kilograms), and the force needed to propel it to orbit would not leave enough fuel for the rocket to manoeuvre back to Earth. AFP Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES SpaceX launches classified payload 01 May 2017 SpaceX in 2014 protested the US Air Force's practice of using only ULA, saying it unfairly awarded billions of dollars to a single company for national security launches. SpaceX postpones classified US military launch 30 April 2017 Another opportunity for a launch opens on Monday morning after the Sunday launch was scrubbed 'out of an abundance of caution'. SpaceX wants to recycle more of Falcon 9 rocket 01 April 2017 The blast-off of the recycled first stage, or booster, for the first time on Thursday could dramatically lower the cost of space travel. Trending 1VIDEO: 16 girls rescued from human traffickers 2Dlaminis childrens safety costs state R1m 3Memorial service to be held for Karabo Mokoena 4UPDATE: Fatal Shooting at OR Tambo Airport 5WATCH: McBride, Phahlane lock horns Full coverage Tertiary students' uprising Investment in infrastructure critical to ensure quality teaching: Nzimande Stellenbosch family axe murders Henri sounded like he was giggling, says witness Zuma reshuffles cabinet Fitch 'concerned' situation in South Africa not improving: Fedusa The Sassa grant payments debacle Dlamini refuses to answer R6-billion question View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 13.0939 -0.0252 GB Pound 16.9193 -0.0412 Euro 14.558 -0.0778 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 51.23 -1.1 Gold $ 1243.81 0.59 Platinum $ 941.5 0.53 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 47426.96 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 54023.11 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 32219.89 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds BackChat CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor The Clinch Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
Wednesday 17 May 2017 / Tehran - 11:34 / GMT - 07:04 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Economy http://fna.ir/JX5RQS Tue May 16, 2017 3:58 Iran Receives 1st ATR Passenger Plane Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- The French-Italian ATR plane manufacturer has delivered its advanced passenger plane to Iran's national flag carrier, Iran Air. The ATR72-600 A/C passenger plane was delivered to Iran's representative at the presence of CEO of Iran Air, national flag carrier, Farhad Parvaresh and ATR's financial manager Giovanni Tramparulo in the French city of Toulouse earlier on Tuesday. Tramparulo said that his company takes pride in delivering aircraft to Iran which meet the needs of the country in regional flights. In relevant remarks in April, Parvaresh said that the Iranian airline would receive four ATR aircraft within three weeks given that the deadline for the French-Italian aircraft manufacturer has expired for a week. Parvaresh also noted that, as per the contract with Boeing, the first Boeing 777 Wide-body jet airliner will be delivered to Iran Air in a year time. He also pointed to the latest status of the negotiations with the largest German airline Deutsche Lufthansa AG, and said, "Not long ago, a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) was signed with Lufthansa on technical and operational training, catering and corporate restructuring as well as business cooperation; the agreement was recently implemented in the commercial sector though talks are still underway on other provisions." The French-Italian ATR plane manufacturer has signed a contract with Iran Air to provide it with 20 planes. This is a third plane manufacturer after Airbus and Boeing had successfully signed lucrative deals with Iran. Efforts to sign a deal with Brazilian manufacturer Embraer had been uninspiring and plans were abandoned in favor of Airbus and Boeing.         Related News Official: ATR to Deliver 4 Passenger Planes to Iran Next Week  Official: ATR to Deliver First Passenger Plane to Iran on Friday  Minister: Iran to Use ATR Planes for Short-Distance, Small Airports  ATR: Iran Air to Receive 1st Passenger Plane soon  CEO: ATR Ready to Sell More Passenger Planes to Iran  Deputy Minister: Iran Air Inks Contract with ATR to Buy 20 Passenger Planes  Iran in Final Phase of Buying ATR Passenger Planes  LATEST STORIES (7) Syrian Army, Hezbollah Forces Target Nusra Terrorists in Western Al-Qalamoun Iraqi Forces Advance in More Neighborhoods in Western Mosul Saudi Regime Forces Continue Terrorizing Civilians in Awamiyah Displaced Iraqis Flee Western Mosul during Fight between Army, Terrorists Iraqi Popular Forces Cut through Qayrawan-Sinjar Road in Battle against ISIL Syria: Hundreds of Militants, Their Families Evacuated from Damascus Families Return to Al-Qaboun District in Eastern Damascus after Army Takes Control Trump Is Waging a Permanent War on Syria After ISIL Iranian Candidates Continue Campaign 3 Days before Election Iranians Awarded with More Medals in Islamic Solidarity Games Intelligence: ISIL Terrorists Planning to Attack Russian Warships in Turkey's Waters Syria Dismisses US Allegations about Executing, Burning Prisoners as Lies Envoy: Iran Attaches High Importance to Iraq's Security, Progress Iran, India Discuss Development of Farzad B Gas Field Iraqi Forces Kill over 170 ISIL Militants during Monday Clashes in Mosul Syrian Army, Hezbollah Forces Target Nusra Terrorists in Western Al-Qalamoun TEHRAN (FNA)- Scores of Al-Nusra terrorists were killed and many more were wounded in an attack by Syrian army and Hezbollah forces in Flitah town, Southwest of Wadi al-Oveini in Western Al-Qalamoun and East of Arsal mountain. [VIDEO] Iraqi Forces Advance in More Neighborhoods in Western Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Members of Iraq's Counter-Terrorism Services (CTS) advanced toward the al-Islah al-Zaraye neighborhood in Western Mosul during the ongoing offensive to retake the area from the ISIL. [VIDEO] Saudi Regime Forces Continue Terrorizing Civilians in Awamiyah TEHRAN (FNA)- Saudi regime forces killed more civilians in Masoura village in Awamiya district and destroyed more buildings in the neighborhood, using fire bombs to storm the locals’ houses. [PHOTOS] Displaced Iraqis Flee Western Mosul during Fight between Army, Terrorists TEHRAN (FNA)- Displaced Iraqis from Mosul's Western Rifai neighborhood flee their homes as Iraqi forces advance into the area during the ongoing offensive against ISIL terrorists. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Popular Forces Cut through Qayrawan-Sinjar Road in Battle against ISIL TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi Popular Forces (Hashd al-Shaabi) took control of four villages on Tuesday around the besieged town of Qairawan in the Sinjar region and cut through the Qayrawan-Sinjar road in Northern Iraq. [VIDEO] Syria: Hundreds of Militants, Their Families Evacuated from Damascus TEHRAN (FNA)- A second batch of hundreds of militants and their families were evacuated from the Damascus neighborhood of Tishreen. [VIDEO] Families Return to Al-Qaboun District in Eastern Damascus after Army Takes Control TEHRAN (FNA)- Some Syrian families returned to al-Qaboun District in Eastern Damascus after the army took control of the entire region and gunmen left the area in the second and final phase of an evacuation deal concluded between the Syrian Army and the militants. [PHOTOS] Trump Is Waging a Permanent War on Syria After ISIL TEHRAN (FNA)- On almost every measure, US President Donald Trump is making life worse for the long-suffering people of Syria. Iranian Candidates Continue Campaign 3 Days before Election TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian people continue to support their favorite presidential candidates three days before the vote. [PHOTOS] Iranians Awarded with More Medals in Islamic Solidarity Games TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian sportsmen and women continued to demonstrate praiseworthy athletic skills and strength at the ongoing 4th edition of Islamic Solidarity Games in Azerbaijan, and collected more medals to raise the Islamic Republic’s total medal count to 30 at the international event. [PHOTOS] Intelligence: ISIL Terrorists Planning to Attack Russian Warships in Turkey's Waters TEHRAN (FNA)- Media sources disclosed that the ISIL terrorist group is getting ready to target Russian warships while passing through the Bosphorus Strait in Istanbul. Syria Dismisses US Allegations about Executing, Burning Prisoners as Lies TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Foreign Ministry categorically rejected the US government's accusations that Damascus has used a crematorium for mass burning prisoners after executing them in a prison in the town of Sednaya in Western Damascus. Envoy: Iran Attaches High Importance to Iraq's Security, Progress TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Ambassador to Baghdad Iraj Masjedi underlined that the security and progress of Iraq is highly important to his country. Iran, India Discuss Development of Farzad B Gas Field TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iranian and Indian delegations in a meeting in Tehran conferred on New Delhi's offer to develop the first phase of Farzad B gas field in the Persian Gulf as well as the Indian refineries' debts to Iran. Iraqi Forces Kill over 170 ISIL Militants during Monday Clashes in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi forces killed at least 173 ISIL militants, during the offensive the Iraqi troops conducted on Monday as part of the operation aimed at liberation of the Northern Iraqi city of Mosul. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Nanosensors Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022   View as PDF  Print View    According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Nanosensors market is expected to grow from $88.87 million in 2016 to reach $2466.09 million by 2022 with a CAGR of 73.9%. Gaithersburg, US – May 16, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — Growing demand from healthcare, increased usage in military & defense, and raising R&D activities are the factors favoring the market growth. Furthermore, advanced technological developments in signal processing and microelectronics, cost efficiency of nanosensors are bolstering the market. However, Lack of standardization is restraining the market growth. Request for sample here: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/nanosensors-market By end user, defense and military segment commands the global market due to increasing efforts to improve national security. The aerospace segment is anticipated to be the largest segment during the forecast period. North America is anticipated to hold the largest share in global market due to the increasing investments in research and development. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be fastest growing region. Access the complete report at: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/nanosensors-market Some of the key players in global Nanosensors market include Agilent Technologies Inc., Analog devices Inc, Applied Nanotech Holdings, Inc., Boeing, Dionex Corporation, Dow Corning, Evident Technologies Inc., Honeywell International, Inc., IBM, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Motorola, Nanodevices Inc., OMRON Corporation, Oxonica, Samsung Electronics Co., and Texas Instruments Inc. Make an inquiry at: http://www.strategymrc.com/report/nanosensors-market Products Covered: o Mechanical nanosensors o Biological nanosensors o Chemical nanosensors Technologies Covered: o Bottom-Up Assembly o Molecular Self-Assembly o Top-Down Lithography End Users Covered: o Defense and military o Aerospace o Environmental Monitoring o Healthcare o Food Management o Automotive o Sports o Other End Users Regions Covered: o North America o US o Canada o Mexico o Europe o Germany o France o Italy o UK o Spain o Rest of Europe o Asia Pacific o Japan o China o India o Australia o New Zealand o Rest of Asia Pacific o Rest of the World o Middle East o Brazil o Argentina o South Africa o Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements Follow us on Twitter: https://twitter.com/StratisticsMRC Follow us on LinkedIn at: https://www.linkedin.com/company/stratistics-market-research-consulting-pvt-ltd?trk=mini-profile About Stratistics MRC We offer wide spectrum of research and consulting services with in-depth knowledge of different industries. We are known for customized research services, consulting services and Full Time Equivalent (FTE) services in the research world. We explore the market trends and draw our insights with valid assessments and analytical views. We use advanced techniques and tools among the quantitative and qualitative methodologies to identify the market trends. Our research reports and publications are routed to help our clients to design their business models and enhance their business growth in the competitive market scenario. We have a strong team with hand-picked consultants including project managers, implementers, industry experts, researchers, research evaluators and analysts with years of experience in delivering the complex projects. Contact Info: Name: James Lamb Email: info@strategymrc.com Organization: Stratistics Market Research Consulting Pvt Ltd Address: SMRC Sales Office, 17049 King James Way, Gaithersburg, MD, 20877, USA +1-301-202-5929 Phone: +1-301-202-5929 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/nanosensors-market-size-share-report-analysis-trends-forecast-to-2022/200038 For more information, please visit http://www.strategymrc.com Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 200038 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Household Robot Market and Cleaning Robots Industry 2017-2022 Review and Forecasts Research Report (Tue 16th May 17) Pre-harvest Equipment Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 (Tue 16th May 17) Agricultural Adjuvants Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 (Tue 16th May 17) Dialyzer Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 (Tue 16th May 17) Lead Acid Battery Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 (Tue 16th May 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Industrial Dryers Market to Touch Nearly US$ 3,415 Million by the end of 2024 Next PostNext Global 3D NAND Flash Memory Market 2017 Industry Trend and Forecast 2022 Search Recent Posts Botulinum Market 2022 Global Forecasts and Trends Research Report Now Available at ReportsnReports.com Hooker Furniture to Host First Quarter Earnings Call June 6 Lupaka Gold Amends Agreement to Finance Invicta Mine Development and Mining Operations BBB and ComEd Alert Consumers to Increase in Door to Door and Utility Scams Global And China Aluminum Sheet/Strip Industry 2017 Market Research Report Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Egypt Independent Egypt Features World Middle East Business Science Culture Life & Style Business IranAir signs contract with ATR to buy 20 planes Reuters April 10, 2017 11:22 am IranAir has signed a contract to buy 20 planes from turboprop maker ATR, Iranian deputy transport minister was quoted as saying on Monday. The deal comes after Iran, which had not directly purchased a Western-built plane in nearly 40 years, signed contracts with Europe's Airbus and US rival Boeing last year to purchase about 180 jets. That became possible after an agreement between Iran and six major powers lifted most international sanctions imposed on Tehran, in exchange for Iran curbing its nuclear program. ATR is joint-owned by France-based Airbus and Leonardo of Italy. "The contract between IranAir and ATR to buy 20 ATR 72-600 aircrafts has been signed by the officials of both countries," Asghar Fakhrieh-Kashan was quoted as saying by ISNA. A basic deal for the purchase of 20 airplanes, with options for another 20, was reached several weeks ago but negotiations dragged on over an agreement for maintenance and spare engines between IranAir and engine supplier Pratt & Whitney Canada, owned by US aerospace group United Technologies. It was not immediately clear whether Fakhrieh-Kashan was referring to the underlying aircraft contract or the final package including the engine deal. ATR was not immediately available for comment, but on Sunday a spokesman said, "We are still working on finalizing the deal." (Reporting by Bozorgmehr Sharafedin in London and Tim Hepher in Paris, editing by Louise Heavens) Recommendations 87% of Egyptian men believe women’s basic role is to be housewives: study 1 week ago Egypt says leaked video allegedly showing extrajudicial killings in Sinai is ‘fake’ 1 week ago Egyptian archaeologist aims to lead her first excavation this year in Sharqiya 2 weeks ago Tags aircraft airline airplane ATR Boeing Iranair About Us Advertise Contact Us Copyrights Privacy Terms All rights reserved, Al-Masry Al-Youm. 2017
Wednesday 17 May 2017 / Tehran - 11:34 / GMT - 07:04 Old FNA Old FNA                 Advanced Search Ar  | En  | Fa  | Tr Home Politico-Defense Politics  - Foreign Policy  - Defense  - Nuclear   Economy Society & Culture Society  - Sport  - Culture  - Art  - Life Style   Sci-Tech Space  - Nano  - Medicine  - Technology  - Earth   World Interviews & Commentaries Interviews  - Commentaries   Multimedia Photo  - Video   All Stories Economy http://fna.ir/Z5FFI7 Tue May 16, 2017 3:31 Iran to Run Tender to Select Financers for Purchasing Passenger Planes Soon Tweet TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Deputy Road and Urban Development Minister Asqar Fakhriyeh Kashan announced that financing the purchase of passenger planes will be put to tender within the next month. "We are preparing the documents and the tender will be run within the next month," Fakhriyeh Kashan told reporters in Tehran on Tuesday. Explaining that Iran has decided to run tender to find financers for buying Boeing and Airbus passenger planes given the large number of foreign companies ready to finance the project, he said, "10 companies from across the world will participate in the tender, including the Japanese, Norwegian, Chinese, Irish and British firms." In relevant remarks in late March, Managing Director of Iran's National Flag Carrier, Iran Air, Farhad Parvaresh underlined that the giant aviation company Airbus has delivered the third passenger plane to the country. "The third Airbus, an A330, landed at Tehran's Mehrabad airport on Saturday," Parvaresh said. He noted that the A330 plane which has 32 business class and 206 economy class seats is suitable for long-distance flights. Last January, Iran signed a deal worth $18 billion with Airbus to purchase 100 new planes, including 46 A320 family, 38 A330 family, and 16 A350 XWB aircraft. On January 12, the first Airbus 'A321' landed at Tehran Mehrabad Airport and joined Iranian air fleet. The aircraft was officially delivered to Iran Air by Airbus in a ceremony held in Toulouse. The second Airbus plane, also an A330, arrived in Tehran on March 11. It flew to the capital’s Mehrabad International Airport from the French city of Toulouse. Airbus Chief Executive Fabrice Bregier announced that with the delivery of the aircraft, cooperation between Iran Air and Airbus officially started, and said, "We hope with delivery of the aircraft, expansion of economic cooperation with Iran will continue more rapidly." Iran Air officials say the plane will be used for domestic flights.         Related News Official: 9 Foreign Firms Willing to Fund Iran's Plane Purchases  LATEST STORIES (7) Syrian Army, Hezbollah Forces Target Nusra Terrorists in Western Al-Qalamoun Iraqi Forces Advance in More Neighborhoods in Western Mosul Saudi Regime Forces Continue Terrorizing Civilians in Awamiyah Displaced Iraqis Flee Western Mosul during Fight between Army, Terrorists Iraqi Popular Forces Cut through Qayrawan-Sinjar Road in Battle against ISIL Syria: Hundreds of Militants, Their Families Evacuated from Damascus Families Return to Al-Qaboun District in Eastern Damascus after Army Takes Control Trump Is Waging a Permanent War on Syria After ISIL Iranian Candidates Continue Campaign 3 Days before Election Iranians Awarded with More Medals in Islamic Solidarity Games Intelligence: ISIL Terrorists Planning to Attack Russian Warships in Turkey's Waters Syria Dismisses US Allegations about Executing, Burning Prisoners as Lies Envoy: Iran Attaches High Importance to Iraq's Security, Progress Iran, India Discuss Development of Farzad B Gas Field Iraqi Forces Kill over 170 ISIL Militants during Monday Clashes in Mosul Syrian Army, Hezbollah Forces Target Nusra Terrorists in Western Al-Qalamoun TEHRAN (FNA)- Scores of Al-Nusra terrorists were killed and many more were wounded in an attack by Syrian army and Hezbollah forces in Flitah town, Southwest of Wadi al-Oveini in Western Al-Qalamoun and East of Arsal mountain. [VIDEO] Iraqi Forces Advance in More Neighborhoods in Western Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Members of Iraq's Counter-Terrorism Services (CTS) advanced toward the al-Islah al-Zaraye neighborhood in Western Mosul during the ongoing offensive to retake the area from the ISIL. [VIDEO] Saudi Regime Forces Continue Terrorizing Civilians in Awamiyah TEHRAN (FNA)- Saudi regime forces killed more civilians in Masoura village in Awamiya district and destroyed more buildings in the neighborhood, using fire bombs to storm the locals’ houses. [PHOTOS] Displaced Iraqis Flee Western Mosul during Fight between Army, Terrorists TEHRAN (FNA)- Displaced Iraqis from Mosul's Western Rifai neighborhood flee their homes as Iraqi forces advance into the area during the ongoing offensive against ISIL terrorists. [PHOTOS] Iraqi Popular Forces Cut through Qayrawan-Sinjar Road in Battle against ISIL TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iraqi Popular Forces (Hashd al-Shaabi) took control of four villages on Tuesday around the besieged town of Qairawan in the Sinjar region and cut through the Qayrawan-Sinjar road in Northern Iraq. [VIDEO] Syria: Hundreds of Militants, Their Families Evacuated from Damascus TEHRAN (FNA)- A second batch of hundreds of militants and their families were evacuated from the Damascus neighborhood of Tishreen. [VIDEO] Families Return to Al-Qaboun District in Eastern Damascus after Army Takes Control TEHRAN (FNA)- Some Syrian families returned to al-Qaboun District in Eastern Damascus after the army took control of the entire region and gunmen left the area in the second and final phase of an evacuation deal concluded between the Syrian Army and the militants. [PHOTOS] Trump Is Waging a Permanent War on Syria After ISIL TEHRAN (FNA)- On almost every measure, US President Donald Trump is making life worse for the long-suffering people of Syria. Iranian Candidates Continue Campaign 3 Days before Election TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian people continue to support their favorite presidential candidates three days before the vote. [PHOTOS] Iranians Awarded with More Medals in Islamic Solidarity Games TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian sportsmen and women continued to demonstrate praiseworthy athletic skills and strength at the ongoing 4th edition of Islamic Solidarity Games in Azerbaijan, and collected more medals to raise the Islamic Republic’s total medal count to 30 at the international event. [PHOTOS] Intelligence: ISIL Terrorists Planning to Attack Russian Warships in Turkey's Waters TEHRAN (FNA)- Media sources disclosed that the ISIL terrorist group is getting ready to target Russian warships while passing through the Bosphorus Strait in Istanbul. Syria Dismisses US Allegations about Executing, Burning Prisoners as Lies TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Foreign Ministry categorically rejected the US government's accusations that Damascus has used a crematorium for mass burning prisoners after executing them in a prison in the town of Sednaya in Western Damascus. Envoy: Iran Attaches High Importance to Iraq's Security, Progress TEHRAN (FNA)- Iranian Ambassador to Baghdad Iraj Masjedi underlined that the security and progress of Iraq is highly important to his country. Iran, India Discuss Development of Farzad B Gas Field TEHRAN (FNA)- The Iranian and Indian delegations in a meeting in Tehran conferred on New Delhi's offer to develop the first phase of Farzad B gas field in the Persian Gulf as well as the Indian refineries' debts to Iran. Iraqi Forces Kill over 170 ISIL Militants during Monday Clashes in Mosul TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi forces killed at least 173 ISIL militants, during the offensive the Iraqi troops conducted on Monday as part of the operation aimed at liberation of the Northern Iraqi city of Mosul. ﻿ ﻿ Sections Home World Politico-Defense Interviews Economy Multimedia Society & Culture All Stories Sci-Tech About us Contact us Fars News Agency Fars News Agency. All rights reserved 2017 ©
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Nanosensors Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 – Orbis Research   View as PDF  Print View    Market Research Report with Industry Analysis on „Nanosensors-Global Market Outlook (2016-2022)” is Made Available by Orbis Research. Dallas, United States – May 16, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ — According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Nanosensors Market is expected to grow from $88.87 million in 2016 to reach $2466.09 million by 2022 with a CAGR of 73.9%. Growing demand from healthcare, increased usage in military & defense, and raising R&D activities are the factors favoring the market growth. Furthermore, advanced technological developments in signal processing and microelectronics, cost efficiency of nanosensors are bolstering the market. However, Lack of standardization is restraining the market growth. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/247110 By end user, defense and military segment commands the global market due to increasing efforts to improve national security. The aerospace segment is anticipated to be the largest segment during the forecast period. North America is anticipated to hold the largest share in global market due to the increasing investments in research and development. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be fastest growing region. Some of the key players in global Nanosensors market include Agilent Technologies Inc., Analog devices Inc, Applied Nanotech Holdings, Inc., Boeing, Dionex Corporation, Dow Corning, Evident Technologies Inc., Honeywell International, Inc., IBM, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Motorola, Nanodevices Inc., OMRON Corporation, Oxonica, Samsung Electronics Co., and Texas Instruments Inc. Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/247110 Products Covered: Mechanical nanosensors Biological nanosensors Chemical nanosensors Technologies Covered: Bottom-Up Assembly Molecular Self-Assembly Top-Down Lithography End Users Covered: Defense and military Aerospace Environmental Monitoring Healthcare Food Management Automotive Sports Other End Users Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: – Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments – Market share analysis of the top industry players – Strategic recommendations for the new entrants – Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets – Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) – Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations – Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends – Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments – Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Info: Name: Hector Costello Email: sales@orbisresearch.com Organization: Orbis Research Address: 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone: +1 (214) 884-6817 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/global-nanosensors-market-analysis-share-trends-and-forecast-by-2022-orbis-research/199959 For more information, please visit http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/nanosensors-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 199959 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Apheresis Equipment Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 (Tue 16th May 17) Global Enhanced Oil Recovery Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 10.85% and Forecast to 2021 (Tue 16th May 17) Medical Imaging Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 (Tue 16th May 17) VLM Industry (Vertical Lift Module) Overview, Analysis and 2025 Forecasts Research Report (Tue 16th May 17) In-Car Entertainment Market Size, Share, Report, Analysis, Trends & Forecast to 2022 (Tue 16th May 17) Cutaneous Squamous Cell Carcinoma- 2013-2023 Market Insights, Epidemiology and Market Forecasts Report: Orbis Research (Tue 16th May 17) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Oilfield Chemicals Market Most Important Oilfield Chemicals Market, trends, Recent Developments and Market Landscape 2021 Next PostNext Research Reports Initiation on Technical Services Stocks — AECOM, Grana y Montero, Jacobs Engineering, and KBR Inc. Search Recent Posts Global Malonic Acid Market Report by Top Manufacturers : Lonza, Trace Zero, Tateyamakasei Middle East High-density Polyethylene (HDPE) Market Segmented by Product Type, Services, Size, Shares, Applications, Growth Rate and Forecast by 2022 Alternators Market Share Worldwide Industry Growth, Size, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Global Fire Retardant Plywood Market Sales, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share Forecast to 2022 Find a happier, healthier, shiner new you at the Melbourne MindBodySpirit Festival! Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Enter your search terms Submit search form       Home | About Us | Sample Press Release   Press Release Articles | Press Releases and SEO | Press Release Book     Global Nanosensors Market Analysis, Share, Trends and Forecast by 2022 - Orbis Research   View as PDF  Print View    Market Research Report with Industry Analysis on "Nanosensors-Global Market Outlook (2016-2022)" is Made Available by Orbis Research. Dallas, United States - May 16, 2017 /MarketersMedia/ -- According to Stratistics MRC, the Global Nanosensors Market is expected to grow from $88.87 million in 2016 to reach $2466.09 million by 2022 with a CAGR of 73.9%. Growing demand from healthcare, increased usage in military & defense, and raising R&D activities are the factors favoring the market growth. Furthermore, advanced technological developments in signal processing and microelectronics, cost efficiency of nanosensors are bolstering the market. However, Lack of standardization is restraining the market growth. Request a sample of the report: http://www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/247110 By end user, defense and military segment commands the global market due to increasing efforts to improve national security. The aerospace segment is anticipated to be the largest segment during the forecast period. North America is anticipated to hold the largest share in global market due to the increasing investments in research and development. Asia Pacific is anticipated to be fastest growing region. Some of the key players in global Nanosensors market include Agilent Technologies Inc., Analog devices Inc, Applied Nanotech Holdings, Inc., Boeing, Dionex Corporation, Dow Corning, Evident Technologies Inc., Honeywell International, Inc., IBM, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Motorola, Nanodevices Inc., OMRON Corporation, Oxonica, Samsung Electronics Co., and Texas Instruments Inc. Buy the report@http://www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/247110 Products Covered: Mechanical nanosensors Biological nanosensors Chemical nanosensors Technologies Covered: Bottom-Up Assembly Molecular Self-Assembly Top-Down Lithography End Users Covered: Defense and military Aerospace Environmental Monitoring Healthcare Food Management Automotive Sports Other End Users Regions Covered: North America US Canada Mexico Europe Germany France Italy UK Spain Rest of Europe Asia Pacific Japan China India Australia New Zealand Rest of Asia Pacific Rest of the World Middle East Brazil Argentina South Africa Egypt What our report offers: - Market share assessments for the regional and country level segments - Market share analysis of the top industry players - Strategic recommendations for the new entrants - Market forecasts for a minimum of 6 years of all the mentioned segments, sub segments and the regional markets - Market Trends (Drivers, Constraints, Opportunities, Threats, Challenges, Investment Opportunities, and recommendations) - Strategic recommendations in key business segments based on the market estimations - Competitive landscaping mapping the key common trends - Company profiling with detailed strategies, financials, and recent developments - Supply chain trends mapping the latest technological advancements About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Info: Name: Hector Costello Email: sales@orbisresearch.com Organization: Orbis Research Address: 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas - 75204, U.S.A. Phone: +1 (214) 884-6817 Source URL: http://marketersmedia.com/global-nanosensors-market-analysis-share-trends-and-forecast-by-2022-orbis-research/199959 For more information, please visit http://www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/nanosensors-global-market-outlook-2016-2022 Source: MarketersMedia Release ID: 199959 Recent Press Releases By The Same User Toledo OH Central Air Conditioning Units Repair & Installation Services Launched (Wed 17th May 17) The Webb Firm Expand Representation Offered To Include DWI Defense (Wed 17th May 17) Foretec Ph Announces 1 New Job Opening for Employees with Experience in Co2 Laser Niche (Wed 17th May 17) Reda Bedjaoui, International Investment Professional Presents Knowledge at NAAIM Uncommon Knowledge Conference (Wed 17th May 17) Foretec Pte. Ltd. Announces 1 New Job Opening for Employees with Mobile Application Development Experience (Wed 17th May 17) Foretec Pte. Ltd. Announces 1 New Job Opening for Employees with Experience in Migration to Canada Industry (Wed 17th May 17) Sign in here Username: Password: Register here. Forgotten password? Press releases by industry Advertising Aerospace and Defense Architecture Arts and Entertainment Audio and Video Automotive Baseball Basketball Beauty Beverages Business Chemicals Christianity Communication Computers Consumer Crops eCommerce Economy Education Employment Energy Environment Events and Trade Shows Fashion Finance Food Football Forestry Golf Government Hardware Healthcare Holidays Human Resources Immigration Services Information Technology Insurance Internet Investment Services Legal Leisure Lifestyle Linux and Open Source Maritime Media Non-Profit Photography Plumbing and Heating Politics Public Relations Railroads Real Estate Religion and Faith Restaurants Retail Science Society Software Sports Technology Television Toys Trade Transportation Travel and Tourism Trucking Volunteer Waste Management Water [ Vist our sister sites: Linux news | Bible Study Tool ] Site design and layout copyright 2005-2015 Free Press Release Center
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Science & Astronomy Students Design Ways to Mine the Moon for Rocket Fuel By Gary Li, University of California, Los Angeles; Danielle DeLatte, University of Tokyo; Jerome Gilleron, Georgia Institute of Technology; Samuel Wald, Massachusetts Institute of Technology; Therese Jones, Pardee RAND Graduate School | May 15, 2017 04:46pm ET MORE An artist's rendering of mining operations on the moon. Credit: Sung Wha Kang (RISD)/CC BY-ND This article was originally published at The Conversation. The publication contributed the article to Live Science's Expert Voices: Op-Ed & Insights. Forty-five years have passed since humans last set foot on an extraterrestrial body. Now, the moon is back at the center of efforts not only to explore space, but to create a permanent, independent space-faring society. Planning expeditions to Earth's nearest celestial neighbor is no longer just a NASA effort, though the U.S. space agency has plans for a moon-orbiting space station that would serve as a staging ground for Mars missions in the early 2030s. The United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing, is planning a lunar fueling station for spacecraft, capable of supporting 1,000 people living in space within 30 years. Billionaires Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos and Robert Bigelow all have companies aiming to deliver people or goods to the moon. Several teams competing for a share of Google's US$30 million cash prize are planning to launch rovers to the moon. We and 27 other students from around the world recently participated in the 2017 Caltech Space Challenge, proposing designs of what a lunar launch and supply station for deep space missions might look like, and how it would work. The raw materials for rocket fuel Right now all space missions are based on, and launched from, Earth. But Earth's gravitational pull is strong. To get into orbit, a rocket has to be traveling 11 kilometers a second – 25,000 miles per hour! Any rocket leaving Earth has to carry all the fuel it will ever use to get to its destination and, if needed, back again. That fuel is heavy – and getting it moving at such high speeds takes a lot of energy. If we could refuel in orbit, that launch energy could lift more people or cargo or scientific equipment into orbit. Then the spacecraft could refuel in space, where Earth's gravity is less powerful. The moon has one-sixth the gravity of Earth, which makes it an attractive alternative base. The moon also has ice, which we already know how to process into a hydrogen-oxygen propellant that we use in many modern rockets. Roving Luna NASA's Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter and Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite missions have already found substantial amounts of ice in permanently shadowed craters on the moon. Those locations would be tricky to mine because they are colder and offer no sunlight to power roving vehicles. However, we could install big mirrors on the craters' rims to illuminate solar panels in the permanently shadowed regions. Rovers from Google's Lunar X Prize competition and NASA's Lunar Resource Prospector, set to launch in 2020, would also contribute to finding good locations to mine ice. Imagining a moon base Depending on where the best ice reserves are, we might need to build several small robotic moon bases. Each one would mine ice, manufacture liquid propellant and transfer it to passing spacecraft. Our team developed plans to accomplish those tasks with three different types of rovers. Our plans also require a few small robotic shuttles to meet up with nearby deep-space mission vehicles in lunar orbit. One rover, which we call the Prospector, would explore the moon and find ice-bearing locations. A second rover, the Constructor, would follow along behind, building a launch pad and packing down roadways to ease movements for the third rover type, the Miners, which actually collect the ice and deliver it to nearby storage tanks and an electrolysis processing plant that splits water into hydrogen and oxygen. The Constructor would also build a landing pad where the small near-moon transport spacecraft we call Lunar Resupply Shuttles would arrive to collect fuel for delivery as newly launched spacecraft pass by the moon. The shuttles would burn moon-made fuel and would have advanced guidance and navigation systems to travel between lunar bases and their target spacecraft. A gas station in space When enough fuel is being produced, and the shuttle delivery system is tested and reliable, our plan calls for building a gas station in space. The shuttles would deliver ice directly to the orbiting fuel depot, where it would be processed into fuel and where rockets heading to Mars or elsewhere could dock to top up. The depot would have large solar arrays powering an electrolysis module for melting the ice and then turning the water into fuel, and large fuel tanks to store what's made. NASA is already working on most of the technology needed for a depot like this, including docking and fuel transfer. We anticipate a working depot could be ready in the early 2030s, just in time for the first human missions to Mars. To be most useful and efficient, the depot should be located in a stable orbit relatively near both the Earth and the moon. The Earth-moon Lagrangian Point 1 (L1) is a point in space about 85 percent of the way from Earth to the moon, where the force of Earth's gravity would exactly equal the force of the moon's gravity pulling in the other direction. It's the perfect pit stop for a spacecraft on its way to Mars or the outer planets. Leaving Earth Our team also found a fuel-efficient way to get spacecraft from Earth orbit to the depot at L1, requiring even less launch fuel and freeing up more lift energy for cargo items. First, the spacecraft would launch from Earth into Low Earth Orbit with an empty propellant tank. Then, the spacecraft and its cargo could be towed from Low Earth Orbit to the depot at L1 using a solar electric propulsion tug, a spacecraft largely propelled by solar-powered electric thrusters. This would let us triple the payload delivery to Mars. At present, a human Mars mission is estimated to cost as much as US$100 billion, and will need hundreds of tons of cargo. Delivering more cargo from Earth to Mars with fewer rocket launches would save billions of dollars and years of time. A base for space exploration Building a gas station between Earth and the moon would also reduce costs for missions beyond Mars. NASA is looking for extraterrestrial life on the moons of Saturn and Jupiter. Future spacecraft could carry much more cargo if they could refuel in space – who knows what scientific discoveries sending large exploration vehicles to these moons could enable? By helping us escape both Earth's gravity and dependence on its resources, a lunar gas station could be the first small step toward the giant leap into making humanity an interplanetary civilization. Gary Li, Ph.D. Candidate in Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, University of California, Los Angeles; Danielle DeLatte, Ph.D. Student in Aeronautics & Astronautics, University of Tokyo; Jerome Gilleron, Ph.D. Candidate in Aerospace Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology; Samuel Wald, Ph.D. Student in Aeronautics and Astronautics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Therese Jones, Ph.D. Candidate in Public Policy, Pardee RAND Graduate School This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article. Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular Science Movies on Netflix in May Scorpius Constellation: Facts About the Scorpion Why Does NASA Use Sounding Rockets? | Video Gas-and-Dust Cocoon Engulfs Monster Black Holes When Galaxies Collide This Futuristic Mars Rover Looks Like an Awesome NASA Tank HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Technology Innovation Watch SpaceX successfully launch Inmarsat's bus-sized satellite, one of its largest payloads yet SpaceX's latest launch came just two weeks after launching a top-secret spy satellite for the US government. By Hyacinth Mascarenhas May 16, 2017 08:53 BST SpaceX has successfully launched Inmarsat's fourth high frequency satellite into orbitSpaceX SpaceX successfully launched Inmarsat's fourth commercial communications satellite, one of its largest payloads yet, into orbit on Monday (15 May). Lifting off from the historic launch pad 39A at Nasa's Kennedy Space Centre in Florida, the space company's Falcon 9 rocket put the 13,500-pound (6,100 kg) Inmarsat-5 satellite into orbit more than 22,000 miles above Earth. The massive satellite, larger than a double-decker bus, completed London-based Inmarsat's $1.6bn four-satellite Global Xpress constellation designed to deliver high-speed, global broadband service to mobile customers including airplanes, ships and the US military. The satellite separated from the Falcon 9's second stage around 32 minutes after liftoff. Due to the massive size of the Boeing-built satellite and the amount of fuel required to propel it, SpaceX did not attempt to land the first stage of its Falcon 9 rocket as it usually does. Instead, the spent rocket was allowed to fall into the Atlantic Ocean. Ten Falcon 9 boosters have been successfully landed and recovered thus far, including one that has already flown twice. SpaceX plans to re-launch another used Falcon 9 rocket booster for a mission launching a communications satellite for Bulgaria Sat. SpaceX originally intended to launch Inmarsat's heavy satellite using its upcoming Falcon Heavy rocket, but later switched to its smaller Falcon 9 due to scheduling concerns. The company tested its larger rocket for the first time earlier this month. The successful launch marks SpaceX's sixth one this year and Inmarsat's first with the Elon Musk-owned company. Inmarsat-5 F4 was initially scheduled to fly last year but was delayed after a massive launch pad explosion in Cape Canaveral, Florida, last September that destroyed the rocket as well as Spacecom's $200m Amos 6 communications satellite. SpaceX's operations were grounded for over four months following the accident. Due to the delayed rocket launches, Inmarsat decided in December to hire European competitor Arianespace for a mission slated for late June. Quick video recap of Falcon 9 launch of Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 pic.twitter.com/W8eVUEsH6r— SpaceX (@SpaceX) May 16, 2017 Inmarsat official says Inmarsat 5 F4 satellite is alive and kicking after successful SpaceX launch. Good signals received via Perth station.— Stephen Clark (@StephenClark1) May 16, 2017 "For Inmarsat, reliability and resilience are paramount," Inmarsat CEO Rupert Pearce said in a statement. "Delivering global commercial services over the GX network, which we achieved at the end of 2015, was only the start of our Global Xpress project. I-5 F4 augments the capabilities of GX and, alongside our existing L-band constellations, enables Inmarsat to provide guaranteed global connectivity to industries and governments worldwide." Since the launch pad accident, SpaceX has a reported backlog of more than 70 missions worth over $10bn. Earlier this year, the company's president Gwynne Shotwell said SpaceX aims to launch its Falcon 9 rockets every two to three weeks. SpaceX's latest launch came just two weeks after launching a top-secret spy satellite for the US government earlier in May and successfully landing the booster to be re-flown later. More from IBTimes UK: Nasa must stop wasting time on the ISS and focus on Mars, says Buzz Aldrin Nasa says SpaceX may send two Red Dragon spacecraft to Mars in 2020 in case one fails Watch SpaceX perform the first test fire of its massive Falcon Heavy rocket Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Five things you should know about Ransomware Columnists Julie Bindel “Ian Brady was a monster but Britain hated Myra Hindley more READ MORE Mysterious hacking group threatens to unleash more cyber carnage Shadow Brokers previously leaked a number of 'cyberweapons' from an... VR startup sued over 'boy's club' workplace of sex rooms, drug use and harassment Former employee shares shocking allegations about VR startup in... What happened to the Apple Car? Thought to be on the brink of death, 2017 has breathed new life into... Computer forerunner the Antikythera mechanism marked by Google's Doodle The complex clockwork mechanism was built around 87BC. Investigator claims murdered Seth Rich was WikiLeaks source for DNC emails Police maintain that the 27-year-old was killed in a botched robbery. Pentagon building AI neural networks to hunt down Islamic State militants The US wants machine learning to help comb through thousands of hours... F-35 fighter jet 'deadly' ejection seat flaw finally fixed after two years Design issue with the F-35A left pilots at risk of fatal neck injury... Sonic Forces will let players create and play as their own custom characters But at what cost? BMW 5-Series (2017) review: The car you can drive with no one inside We review the 2017 BMW 5-Series, a technological tour de force that... Final Fantasy 12: The Zodiac Age producer Hiroaki Kato on remastering a forgotten classic Hiroaki Kato tackles the tricky subject of "what the fans want from... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
× Thank you for reading! Thank you for logging in with your stltoday.com account! To continue reading our stlEXTRA! content, you must be a Post-Dispatch home delivery or digital subscriber.Please sign up for an account on stltoday.com or if you already have an account log in here. We were unable to find your subscription with the information in your stltoday.com account. If you are a home delivery customer please choose the option to activate your account below. If you are a new reader please either select the full access package or the digital-only package to continue reading. We were unable to find your subscription with the information in your stltoday.com account. If you are a home delivery customer please choose the option to activate your account below. If you are a new reader please either select the full access package or the digital-only package to continue reading. Sign Up Log In All services Delivery Digital Activate your digital subscription By activating your digital subscription today, you'll get Unlimited Digital Access to: STLtoday.com stlEXTRA! Premium Content. Mobile Web and Mobile Apps e-Replica Edition of Printed Newspaper Customer Loyalty Benefit Program PLUS! 52 Weeks of Unlimited Digital Access to The Washington Post! Free access for current print subscribers Get Started Digital-only access: only $13.50 per month Unlimited Digital Access to: STLtoday.com stlEXTRA! Premium Content. Mobile Web and Mobile Apps e-Replica Edition of Printed Newspaper Customer Loyalty Benefit Program PLUS! 52 Weeks of Unlimited Digital Access to The Washington Post! $13.50 for 30 days Get Started Full Access: starting at $17.74 per month Unlimited Digital Access to: Home Delivery of the Post-Dispatch Newspaper Exclusive Coupons and Inserts Plus Unlimited Digital Access to: STLtoday.com stlEXTRA! Premium Content. Mobile Web and Mobile Apps e-Replica Edition of Printed Newspaper Customer Loyalty Benefit Program PLUS! 52 Weeks of Unlimited Digital Access to The Washington Post! Starting at $17.74 for 30 days Get Started View all rates Rate Price Duration Sun Only Plus Digital $17.74 for 30 days Thu-Fri-Sat-Sun Plus Digital $30.74 for 30 days 7 Day Delivery Plus Digital $38.67 for 30 days × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 74° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Windy with scattered thunderstorms developing. A few storms may be severe. High 86F. Winds S at 20 to 30 mph. Chance of rain 40%.. Tonight Windy with scattered thunderstorms during the evening, then skies turning partly cloudy overnight. Low 69F. Winds SSW at 20 to 30 mph. Chance of rain 40%. Updated: May 17, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Political Fix Close Buy Now Christian Gooden U.S. Rep. Ann Wagner, R-Ballwin, (left), Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., and U.S. Rep. Lacy Clay, D-St. Louis, applaud during a ceremony on Monday, May 15, 2017, at which Boeing unveiled its new T-X trainer aircraft to employees, elected officials and the media at the St. Louis facility. Boeing is competing to win the contract from the U.S. Department of Defense to manufacture the planes here. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com Will Wagner announce Senate bid in July? Not so fast By Chuck Raasch St. Louis Post-Dispatch Chuck Raasch May 15, 2017 (…) Buy Now Christian Gooden U.S. Rep. Ann Wagner, R-Ballwin, (left), Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., and U.S. Rep. Lacy Clay, D-St. Louis, applaud during a ceremony on Monday, May 15, 2017, at which Boeing unveiled its new T-X trainer aircraft to employees, elected officials and the media at the St. Louis facility. Boeing is competing to win the contract from the U.S. Department of Defense to manufacture the planes here. Photo by Christian Gooden, cgooden@post-dispatch.com WASHINGTON • The buzz here Monday was that Rep. Ann Wagner, R-Ballwin, will announce in July that she will challenge Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., in 2018. The National Journal’s Josh Kraushaar cited two anonymous sources in saying that Wagner would announce in July, and he declared McCaskill the most endangered Senate Democrat in 2018. Ironically, the two women appeared together at a Boeing event in St. Louis on Monday. House news: Dems landing bumper crop of moderate recruits w pro-biz, military bios in red districts https://t.co/Id676MEuUG— Josh Kraushaar (@HotlineJosh) May 15, 2017 Politico picked up Kraushaar's prediction and — well, you know the rest. The political grapevine got a Missouri virus for a day. The Post-Dispatch, which reported some time ago that if Wagner decided to run she would not announce at least until after May, asked Wagner’s chief of staff, Christian Morgan, if the reports were true. If July, it would be late in the month, he said, and it may very well be later than that. Morgan said that the political environment is so “crazy” that Wagner “may not need as early of an announcement.” “We’ll see,” he told this newspaper. On several levels, announcing later rather than sooner could make some sense. First, the political environment is so charged, with Republican campaign promises to reform health care and the tax code threatened by partisan quicksand and fractures in the GOP itself, that announcing a challenge to McCaskill would look presumptuous. Yes, the House passed an overhaul of Obamacare, with Wagner whipping votes. But it's now tied up in the Senate, and not so popular with the people. With so many Republican promises on shaky ground, Wagner could logically be asked why she wanted a promotion at such a time. (And voters could be excused for saying: What, this again?)  Second, the sooner Wagner announces, the sooner deep-pocketed, liberal interest groups could rev up their attacks on her.  Already, groups on the left and right have begun running ads in Missouri. The campaign, for all practical purposes, has begun anyway, but without announced Republican candidates. Other Republicans are thinking of getting in, too. As long as the situation is somewhat diffuse, the concentrated attacks on Wagner wouldn't be as effective. And third, Wagner is a bit of a rare Republican: A woman with considerable rainmaker capabilities, she's raised money for Bushes, and also millions of dollars for fellow Republican U.S. House members. She’s built chits and a national fundraising network, and most observers think Wagner would not have trouble raising a lot in a little time once she says she's ready to take McCaskill on. Wagner has already built a fairly substantial campaign bank account. She can afford to wait. Is McCaskill the most vulnerable Democrat in 2018, as Kraushaar maintains? In this body politic, which can be sent into froth and fervor with a single Donald Trump tweet, these kinds of declarations are barely worth the uttered breath to make them — or the 140 characters to write them. So much has changed in the six months since the 2016 election that guessing about the 18 months ahead is like throwing darts blindfolded. Maybe something will stick.   McCaskill was endangered in 2012, too, until Republican Todd Akin crashed and burned on a couple of words, virtually overnight. And McCaskill has shown herself plenty capable of raising money, and running against a status quo, whatever it is at the time – even of playing mischief in Republican primaries – to not be underestimated 18 months out.  On the web: National Journal piece mentioning the Missouri Senate race: https://www.nationaljournal.com/s/652892?unlock=VHJNLLGOT7UE5XCR By the numbers: $2.7 million - cash in Wagner's campaign bank account at the end of March. $3.2 million - cash on hand in McCaskill's campaign account at the same time.  They said it:  "In Mis­souri, Rep. Ann Wag­n­er is plan­ning to enter the Sen­ate race in Ju­ly, ac­cord­ing to two sources fa­mil­i­ar with her plans, and has seen private polling show­ing her already lead­ing Sen. Claire Mc­Caskill. Of­fi­cials from both parties agree that Mc­Caskill is the most vul­ner­able Demo­crat up for reelec­tion." - National Journal Political Editor Josh Kraushaar  Political Fix from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Be informed. Get our free political newsletter featuring local and national updates and analysis. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Mccaskill Wagner National Journal 2018 Senate Race Josh Kraushaar Ann Wagner Politics Parliament Claire Mc-caskill Chuck Raasch Chuck Raasch is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Chuck Raasch Close Get email notifications on Chuck Raasch daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Chuck Raasch posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Chuck Raasch Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Latest in section St. Louis County exec announces prescription drug monitoring database has started Court-reform law survives Missouri Supreme Court, but no longer targets St. Louis County Messenger: Stenger plays shell game with St. Louis County transit funds Political Fix : 2017 Missouri Legislative wrap Missouri auditor says a 2016 fee hike could trigger tax refunds Quick links Campaign finance Current Affairs Government pay Missouri voters guide Press releases Most popular SLU freshman charged with raping woman on campus Day after hit-and-run crash in Defiance costs motorcyclist his leg, son leads police to suspect Longtime St. Louis anchor, reporter John Auble dies Mizzou likely to cut hundreds of positions amid expected 7 percent enrollment drop Hazelwood suspends students en masse for walking out to support teachers Data and maps Search City of St. Louis building permits Searchable database: Money in Missouri politics Does your legislator accept lobbyist gifts? See how much St. Louis CEOs are paid See the top paid officials in St. Charles County Sign up for the 6th Annual Old Newsboys charity golf tournament today! Like father, like son? Or even daughter? Submit your photos through May 28! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் LIVE TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Science & Environment » Space SpaceX launches Inmarsat communications satellite atop Falcon 9 rocket The Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite, built by Boeing, lifted off atop a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida at 7.21 PM (2321 GMT) Monday, May 15. ﻿ By Zee Media Bureau | Last Updated: Tuesday, May 16, 2017 - 09:05 Comment 0 Comment New Delhi: A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket, carrying a huge commercial communications satellite, blasted off into the beautiful blue sky on Monday night. The Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite, built by Boeing, lifted off atop a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida at 7.21 PM (2321 GMT) Monday, May 15. MUST READ SpaceX launches its first 'secretive' satellite for the US government! "We've had confirmation of spacecraft separation," said a SpaceX commentator about 30 minutes after launch, signaling that the satellite was successfully deployed to a distant, geostationary orbit. "We've had good orbits, good separation, all you can ask for today." Watch the liftoff of Falcon 9 rocket/Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 below! Quick video recap of Falcon 9 launch of Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 pic.twitter.com/W8eVUEsH6r — SpaceX (@SpaceX) May 16, 2017 The satellite is Inmarsat’s four-satellite Global Xpress constellation, aimed at delivering high-speed mobile broadband data to customers, including commercial aircraft and ships and the US military. Monday's launch also marked the first time SpaceX had launched a satellite for the London-based mobile broadband company. The payload weighed some 6,100 kilograms and the force needed to propel it to orbit would not leave enough fuel for the rocket to maneuver back to Earth. It was the heaviest load lofted by a Falcon 9 yet. "Inmarsat, the only operator of a global Ka-band network, created the GX platform to enable communities across the world to benefit from the emerging digital society," said a company statement. SpaceX, which is headed by Elon Musk, did not attempt to bring the first stage of the rocket back to Earth for an upright landing following the launch. The fourth Inmarsat-5 satellite was the heaviest load lofted by a Falcon 9 yet. (With Agency inputs) TAGS SpaceXInmarsat-5 F4 satelliteFalcon 9 rocketcommunications satelliteFalcon 9/Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 launchCape Canaveral West Bengal Anger rising against Maulana Nurur Rehman Barkati, process on to sack him as Shahi Imam of Tipu Sultan Mosque over anti-India rants From Zee News Top moments from Justin Bieber's Purpose India Tour con... Vinod Khanna's prayer meet: B-Towners arrive in large n... Amazon Great Indian Sale: These 10 products are really a ste... Technology Not just "WannaCrypt,'' a cryptocurrency att... Internet & Social Media Facebook to refund overcharged advertisers WorldAsia Court orders Pakistan Rangers to arrest MQM leaders Sattar,... WorldAsia Indonesian men sentenced to caning for gay sex WorldAsia Gunbattle reported at Afghanistan TV station EuropeWorld UK authorities claim heroin found on PIA flight Comment 0 Comment - Join the Discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus trending Bihar Rattled by Income Tax raids, Lalu Prasad Yadav says Narendra Modi-led BJP has new 'alli... Movies Baahubali: Shah Rukh Khan hasn’t watched film’s concluding part but here’s what he has to sa... IPLcricket WATCH: MS Dhoni smashes Karn Sharma with a brutal hit to stands in MI vs RPS match India How Indian diplomat ignored Pakistan official's handshake gesture during Kulbhushan Ja... IPLcricket WATCH: Rohit Sharma lands in RPS dug out as MS Dhoni hits Mitchell McClenaghan for a towerin... MaharashtraMumbai Mumbai woman killed, cut to to pieces four days after marriage; husband, in-laws arrested People Milind Soman's marathon runner mother does plank wearing a saree at 78, push ups next o... Delhi Arvind Kejriwal visited CM office only twice in last one year, takes maximum official leaves... West Bengal West Bengal Civic Poll Results 2017 LIVE: Trinamool Congress wins Mirik, Domkal, Pujali, Rai... Health Treatment for age-related blindness a problem no more! Revolutionary new eye-drops developed photo gallery DAY IN PICTURES - 17 May 2017 video Fear Pakistan may execute Jadhav before arguments are heard, India tells ICJ Watch - PM Modi's speech at closing ceremony of 'Narmada Seva Yatra' Delhi: Car falls off flyover in Punjabi Bagh, 2 dead DNA: Pakistan will soon become China's economic colony CONTACT PRIVACY POLICY LEGAL DISCLAIMER COMPLAINT OUR TEAM INVESTOR INFO WHERE TO WATCH CAREERS PARTNER SITE: DNA INDIA INDIA STATES WORLD BUSINESS SPORTS TECHNOLOGY SCIENCE & ENVIRONMENT ENTERTAINMENT LIFESTYLE HEALTH BLOGS PHOTO VIDEO © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Others Hillary Clinton launches new political action group to fight Trump Game of Thrones: George RR Martin reveals fifth spinoff in works at HBO Business Standard SpaceX launches fourth GX satellite to enable fast mobile internet service Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite blasted off atop a Falcon 9 rocket from Florida at 7:21 pm on Mon AFP | PTI  |  Miami  May 16, 2017 Last Updated at 13:39 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVjXLZ Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite is the fourth in the company's Global Xpress (GX) constellation, aimed at providing high-speed mobile broadband service. (Photo: Inmarsat) ALSO READ SpaceX starts recycling rockets, launches satellite with used booster Elon Musk's Mars vision at stake as SpaceX set to resume flights SpaceX launches top secret satellite for US govt SpaceX to launch classified US govt payload on Sunday SpaceX all set to launch first recycled rocket Falcon 9 SpaceX has launched a communications satellite for Inmarsat, marking its first launch for the London-based mobile broadband company. The Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite, built by Boeing, on Monday blasted off atop a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida at 7:21 pm. "We've had confirmation of spacecraft separation," said a SpaceX commentator about 30 minutes after launch, signaling that the satellite was successfully deployed to a distant, geostationary orbit. "We've had good orbits, good separation, all you can ask for today." The satellite is the fourth in the company's Global Xpress (GX) constellation, aimed at providing high-speed mobile broadband service. "Inmarsat, the only operator of a global Ka-band network, created the GX platform to enable communities across the world to benefit from the emerging digital society," said a company statement. SpaceX, which is headed by Elon Musk, did not attempt to bring the first stage of the rocket back to Earth for an upright landing following the launch. The payload weighed some 6,100 kilograms, and the force needed to propel it to orbit would not leave enough fuel for the rocket to maneuver back to Earth. Read More On Spacex Rockets | Spoacex | Elon Musk | Digital | Florida | London | Broadband Service | Mobiles | International | Others PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep SpaceX launches fourth GX satellite to enable fast mobile internet service Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite blasted off atop a Falcon 9 rocket from Florida at 7:21 pm on Mon Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite blasted off atop a Falcon 9 rocket from Florida at 7:21 pm on Mon SpaceX has launched a communications satellite for Inmarsat, marking its first launch for the London-based mobile broadband company. The Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite, built by Boeing, on Monday blasted off atop a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida at 7:21 pm. "We've had confirmation of spacecraft separation," said a SpaceX commentator about 30 minutes after launch, signaling that the satellite was successfully deployed to a distant, geostationary orbit. "We've had good orbits, good separation, all you can ask for today." The satellite is the fourth in the company's Global Xpress (GX) constellation, aimed at providing high-speed mobile broadband service. "Inmarsat, the only operator of a global Ka-band network, created the GX platform to enable communities across the world to benefit from the emerging digital society," said a company statement. SpaceX, which is headed by Elon Musk, did not attempt to bring the first stage of the rocket back to Earth for an upright landing following the launch. The payload weighed some 6,100 kilograms, and the force needed to propel it to orbit would not leave enough fuel for the rocket to maneuver back to Earth. AFP | PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 SpaceX launches fourth GX satellite to enable fast mobile internet service Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite blasted off atop a Falcon 9 rocket from Florida at 7:21 pm on Mon SpaceX has launched a communications satellite for Inmarsat, marking its first launch for the London-based mobile broadband company. The Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite, built by Boeing, on Monday blasted off atop a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida at 7:21 pm. "We've had confirmation of spacecraft separation," said a SpaceX commentator about 30 minutes after launch, signaling that the satellite was successfully deployed to a distant, geostationary orbit. "We've had good orbits, good separation, all you can ask for today." The satellite is the fourth in the company's Global Xpress (GX) constellation, aimed at providing high-speed mobile broadband service. "Inmarsat, the only operator of a global Ka-band network, created the GX platform to enable communities across the world to benefit from the emerging digital society," said a company statement. SpaceX, which is headed by Elon Musk, did not attempt to bring the first stage of the rocket back to Earth for an upright landing following the launch. The payload weighed some 6,100 kilograms, and the force needed to propel it to orbit would not leave enough fuel for the rocket to maneuver back to Earth. AFP | PTI Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN Trending Videos CBSN Live » CBS This Morning SpaceX launches heaviest satellite yet into orbit 60 Minutes Politics James Comey Newsmakers The Bin Laden Documents Health & Science Curiosity CBS Evening News Comey memo CBS Evening News Schiff on Comey memo CBS Evening News Intel on ISIS CBS Evening News Trump's intelligence leak CBS Evening News AT&T over-charging complaints CBS Evening News Caffeine overdose death CBS This Morning Classified info exposed by Trump? CBS This Morning Trump's alleged disclosure to Russia CBS This Morning Morell on Trump's alleged leak CBS This Morning N. Korea behind global cyberattack? CBS This Morning Death by caffeine? CBS This Morning Assad strengthens hold in Syria CBS This Morning Bill Cosby speaks out CBS This Morning JetBlue CEO addresses cake incident SciTech Check your bag while Delta scans your face SciTech Should U.S. "stockpile" web vulnerabilities? SciTech Scientists crack mystery of rotting "sea monster" SciTech Love of "Star Trek" inspires highly illogical careers SciTech Mystery over Earth's light flashes may be solved SciTech SpaceX launches 2nd satellite in just 14 days SciTech Microsoft slams officials for "stockpiling" security flaws SciTech Grieving dad pushes for "textalyzer" test for drivers SciTech Elon Musk demos 125 mph sled to fast-track cars SciTech Cyberattack’s grip may grow as workweek starts worldwide SciTech Cyberattack cripples hospitals, spreads across borders SciTech NASA rules out crew on first flight of super rocket By William Harwood CBS News May 15, 2017, 10:01 PM SpaceX launches second satellite in just 14 days Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Under a clear sunset sky, a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket streaked into space Monday, boosting a heavy Inmarsat communications satellite into orbit in the California rocket builder's second flight in just two weeks, its sixth so far this year. Thirty-two minutes after liftoff, the Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite -- the fourth in a global constellation of high-speed Ka-band relay stations serving aircraft, ships at sea and other government and commercial users around the world -- was released into the planned highly elliptical orbit. SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches spy satellite SpaceX successfully launches satellite in historic flight with "used" booster Over the next 90 days or so, the bus-size satellite's on-board thrusters will be used to circularize the orbit 22,300 miles above the equator where the relay station will turn in lockstep with Earth and appear stationary in the sky. It is joining three virtually identical Boeing-built satellites in Inmarsat's $1.6 billion Global Xpress constellation. "It's the first global seamless broadband service specifically designed for mobile applications," Michele Franci, chief technology officer at Inmarsat, told Spaceflight Now. "That is the background of Inmarsat, mobile applications, so this constellation, and the entire network around it, has been designed to be optimized for mobile users." The mission got underway at 7:21 p.m. EDT (GMT-4) when the Falcon 9's first-stage engines ignited with a rush of fiery exhaust. An instant later, the rocket was released from its firing stand and it smoothly climbed into the early evening sky atop a brilliant jet of flame from its nine Merlin 1D engines. Arcing away to the east, the rocket climbed out of the thick lower atmosphere and two minutes and 45 seconds after launch, the first stage engines shut down, the stage fell away and the rocket's second stage, powered by a single Merlin engine, continued the climb to space. The Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite tipped the scales at 13,417 pounds, the heaviest satellite yet launched by SpaceX to a geosynchronous transfer orbit. As a result, the Falcon 9 used virtually all of its first-stage propellants lifting the payload out of the lower atmosphere and it was not possible to fly the booster back to a landing. Play Video SciTech Watch: SpaceX launches spy satellite into orbit A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasted off early Monday, carrying a classified National Reconnaissance Office spy satellite into orbit. Then the rocke... Of the six flights launched by SpaceX so far this year, four stages were successfully recovered, two on off-shore drone ships and two back at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Monday's flight was the second this year in which a landing was ruled out by the weight and orbital requirements of the satellite payload. In any case, the Falcon 9's second stage fired twice to reach a so-called "super synchronous" elliptical orbit and the Inmarsat-5 satellite was safely released to fly on its own. The Inmarsat-5 satellite originally was built as a spare and is now intended to expand existing service. It originally was scheduled for launch aboard a heavy-lift version of the Falcon, a rocket made up of three Falcon 9 first stage cores and a single upper stage. The maiden flight of the Falcon Heavy has been repeatedly delayed -- it currently is planned for sometime this summer -- but engine upgrades made it possible to launch the 6.7-ton Inmarsat-5 satellite to a single-core Falcon 9, clearing the way for Monday's flight. The Inmarsat-5 series satellites are the backbone of the company's Global Xpress system, providing airline passenger connectivity, "so it's wi-fi services for passengers for web browsing, email, video downloads and uploads," said Franci. "Our biggest market today is in merchant shipping, and there it will provide a combination of operational services and crew welfare," he said. "In maritime, our system is actually integrated. We have L-band and Ka-band that are seamlessly joined up on the ship itself, and our system automatically evaluates the quality of the link. "We stay in Ka-band as long as we can, and if ever the link would become poor, either because of edge of coverage reasons or very bad weather, we would jump over to L-band. We offer always-on resilience and reliability when it comes down to real needs, and the quality of broadband for most of the time." Play Video CBSN Watch: SpaceX "used" rocket launch Watch SpaceX's successful launch and land of a rocket that's flown before. This was SpaceX's sixth launch so far this year, its 34th Falcon 9 flight overall and the seventh since a Falcon 9 exploded on its Cape Canaveral Air Force Base launch pad Sept. 1. SpaceX has recovered 10 first stage boosters in 15 attempts over the past two years. Today's flight was SpaceX's second in just 14 days, demonstrating the rapid-fire pace company officials are counting on to work through a backlog of satellites. If all goes well, SpaceX will launch a space station-bound Dragon cargo ship June 1, a Bulgarian communications satellite on June 15 and an Intelsat relay station around the end of June. If that blistering pace holds up, SpaceX will have launched nine Falcon 9s in just six months. A key element in maintaining that rapid launch rate is returning pad 40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station to service. The pad was heavily damaged in the Sept. 1 pre-flight mishap but it is expected to be back on line shortly. SpaceX operates a launch pad at Vandenberg Air Force Base, California, and two pads in Florida. The company plans to use pad 40 at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station primarily for commercial payloads and to reserve pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center for the Falcon Heavy, Dragon space station resupply flights and launches of crew ferry ships being designed to carry astronauts to and from the space station. Three Dragon cargo flights are planned this year, along with the Heavy's maiden launch. The first unpiloted test flight of SpaceX's Dragon crew ship is expected next March. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email William Harwood Bill Harwood has been covering the U.S. space program full-time since 1984, first as Cape Canaveral bureau chief for United Press International and now as a consultant for CBS News. He covered 129 space shuttle missions, every interplanetary flight since Voyager 2's flyby of Neptune and scores of commercial and military launches. Based at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida, Harwood is a devoted amateur astronomer and co-author of "Comm Check: The Final Flight of Shuttle Columbia." Featured in SciTech 25 years of breathtaking Hubble Telescope images Since it was launched in 1990, the Hubble Space Telescope has sent us breathtaking images back from the deepest corners of space 11 species threatened by climate change As the world warms, many plants and animals are struggling to adapt Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes 60 Minutes/Vanity Fair poll: Media The Bin Laden Documents Curiosity James Comey Comey in 2014: FBI needs "independence" from politics Play Video James Comey Play Video The Bin Laden Documents Play Video Curiosity Play Video Comey memo Play Video Schiff on Comey memo Play Video Intel on ISIS Play Video Trump's intelligence leak Play Video AT&T over-charging complaints Play Video Caffeine overdose death Previous Next 21 Photos Powers Boothe 1948-2017 21 Photos Cancer family: Joined in illness 44 Photos Goldie Hawn 15 Photos Portraits of Johnny Mathis 61 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 Previous Next Most Discussed Trump says Comey "better hope that there are no 'tapes'" of conversations Senate hearing on worldwide threats with acting FBI director -- live updates New details on "inappropriate" info Trump shared with Russia After Comey firing, top Dems want Russia documents kept from White House White House claims "near uprising" at FBI led to Comey firing New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
null
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad SpaceX launches Inmarsat communications satellite By Afp Published: 20:32 EDT, 15 May 2017 | Updated: 20:32 EDT, 15 May 2017 e-mail The SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket's first stage can be recovered but the force needed to propel the payload to orbit did not leave enough fuel for the operation SpaceX launched a communications satellite for Inmarsat, marking its first launch for the London-based mobile broadband company. The Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite, built by Boeing, blasted off atop a Falcon 9 rocket from Cape Canaveral, Florida at 7:21 pm (2321 GMT). "We've had confirmation of spacecraft separation," said a SpaceX commentator about 30 minutes after launch, signaling that the satellite was successfully deployed to a distant, geostationary orbit. "We've had good orbits, good separation, all you can ask for today." The satellite is the fourth in the company's Global Xpress (GX) constellation, aimed at providing high-speed mobile broadband service. "Inmarsat, the only operator of a global Ka-band network, created the GX platform to enable communities across the world to benefit from the emerging digital society," said a company statement. SpaceX, which is headed by Elon Musk, did not attempt to bring the first stage of the rocket back to Earth for an upright landing following the launch. The payload weighed some 13,500 pounds (6,100 kilograms), and the force needed to propel it to orbit would not leave enough fuel for the rocket to maneuver back to Earth. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS She certainly has a type! Taylor Swift has been 'secretly dating' rising star Joe Alwyn for months... after doomed romance from fellow Brit Tom Hiddleston PICTURED: Anna Friel, 40, getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23, at TV BAFTAs... amid reports the duo shared 'electric chemistry' Incredible shrinking man: Brad Pitt looks thinner than ever in oversized suit as he poses next to Netflix exec at War Machine premiere in NYC 'These are actually Cheryl's trousers!': Liam Payne confesses the £1,500 designer gear he is wearing belong to his 'fashionista' girlfriend 'Sex addict' Scott Disick, 33, takes Bella Thorne, 19, to dinner then whisks her off to two hot spots... as Kourtney Kardashian gets closer to a model   10 hilarious holiday moments every mum and daughter go through  SPONSORED Meet Taylor Swift's new beau Joe Alwyn: The London-born rising star who has won over big-name directors with his 'disarming humility'... and still lives at home  Pretty in pink! Kourtney Kardashian wears casual hoodie with sky high heels as she takes son Mason out in Beverly Hills Miley Cyrus shows off toned tummy in black crop top and tight jeans while promoting her new album... after revealing Katy Perry is her oldest friend Rita Ora commands attention in striking black evening dress ahead of ABC presentation... as she is unveiled as host of new talent show Boy Band Mark Ronson and wife Josephine de La Baume 'divorce after five and a half years together... citing irreconcilable differences as reason for their split' 'There's real chemistry': Coronation Street's Daniel Brocklebank 'is dating co-star Rob Mallard'... after duo sweep LGBT Award arm-in-arm MIC's Louise Thompson continues to exhibit envy-inducing abs in yet ANOTHER bikini-clad snap taken from her sixth holiday in just five months Eva Longoria oozes golden glamour in dazzling flapper-style frock as she leads superstar red carpet arrivals at her Parisian Global Gift Gala Age-defying Pamela Anderson, 49, goes braless as she teases abs and famous cleavage in chic separates at Global Gift Gala in Paris Recovered from the weekend? Anna Friel, 40, looks spring-chic in flowing floral dress... after getting close with Stranger Things star Charlie Heaton, 23 Sex acts on TV, rehab, boozy hot tub antics: WILD reality stars Frankie Cocozza, Charlotte Dawson and James Argent join Celebs Go Dating Something to tell us? Liam Payne calls Cheryl his WIFE during radio interview... as he speaks about dealing with 'diaper duty' following the birth of baby son Bear Back on the battlefield! Michelle Keegan returns as Lance Corporal Georgie Lane in first glimpse at Our Girl series three... as show is expanded  'She was suddenly removed from the plane': Danniella Westbrook 'KICKED OFF a flight to Spain after altercation with a stag party onboard' 'I'm happy when things are simple': Anne Hathaway reveals she is more 'satisfied' with life since welcoming son Jonathan She's loving motherhood 'J-Lo would marry A-Rod if he asked': Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez are 'already talking marriage' after two months of dating Is she finally dating? Caitlyn Jenner heads out for coffee in Malibu with mystery blonde Caitlyn Jenner, 67, looked like she was enjoying some company on Tuesday  Former EastEnders star Samantha Womack ditches the glamour in favour of tattered jeans and a tee as she wraps up performance in The Addams Family Musical Megan McKenna 'scoops reality show documenting attempt at COUNTRY music career'... after failed bids for singing stardom on TOWIE, BGT and two-time X Factor try Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves arrives for consultation at Harley Street... after being refused risky operation to alter his eye colour in India She's doing something white! Kady McDermott flaunts her enviably toned physique in racy plunging swimsuit as she documents sexy photo shoot on Instagram SPOILER ALERT: Bethany Platt is urged into a sordid threesome by paedophile boyfriend Nathan Curtis... after severing ties with worried mother Sarah on Coronation Street Busty Lisa Snowdon looks more loved-up than ever with fiancé George Smart as they make stylish arrival at the House of Fraser AW17 press day James 'Arg' Argent continues to display his slimmer physique... as he makes an unlikely entrance at A-list film screening attended by Naomi Campbell  Jessica Simpson's father Joe is 'free of prostate cancer' six months after diagnosis was confirmed He had radiation treatment in February 'He is gutted': Anton du Beke is 'disappointed he was overlooked' for Strictly head judge role in favour of Shirley Ballas... as he felt 'the panel needed a Brit' Amicable exes! Janet Jackson's estranged husband Wissam Al Mana sent singer 100 flowers for her 51st birthday Need a training day? Denzel Washington is unrecognizable in what appears to be a fat suit on set of new movie The 62-year-old was almost unrecognisable Do you have a permit? Kanye West resurfaces in Malibu and parks in handicap spot... after spending weeks in Wyoming mountains Making the cut! Vanessa Hudgens shows off tum in striped crop top while leaving hair salon after chopping her dark locks Katy Perry CONFIRMS she will become a judge on American Idol reboot adding she's 'honored' to be a part of the iconic show Giving her lip! Black-ish star Anthony Anderson smooches on-screen wife Tracee Ellis Ross' shoulder at ABC Upfront event in New York Hailee Steinfeld flashes flesh in semi-sheer cutout dress at Billboard's Women in Music event Epitome of sophistication on the night Feeding us The Leftovers! Jimmy Kimmel and Justin Theroux team up to create new live show reviving classic sitcom scripts 'We were all Edward Norton the whole time': Brad Pitt and Stephen Colbert contemplate existential conundrums on the Late Show Feeling contemplative 'He was drugged up': Eamonn Holmes admits he had believed Ruth Langsford was an angel after waking up from his gruelling double hip replacement She's not shy! Samara Weaving STRIPS DOWN to lingerie in Charlie Puth's steamy music video... weeks after denying nude photo leak Recent nude photo leak 'I just like this better': Gwyneth Paltrow explains why she put acting career on hold to dedicate time to her lifestyle empire Goop Business empire Sex abuse story that's relentless, brutal and - tragically - 100% true: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Salma Hayek shows off quirky style in structured leather jacket and green plaid skirt as she arrives at P. Diddy film screening in London And so it begins! Emily Ratajkowski flashes her abs in tiny black crop top as she leads the A-list arrivals in Nice ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival Ellie Goulding steals the show in daring hotpants as she delivers energetic performance at Moroccan music festival Beauty in blue! Youthful Naomi Watts, 48, shows off her slender figure in silk dress as she heads to New York gala Alesha Dixon wows in tight green vest with her black lacy bra on show as she gets cosy with boyfriend Azuka Ononye at Can't Stop, Won't Stop, A Bad Boy Story film screening Naomi Campbell looks chic in semi-sheer lace top and black trouser suit as she supports friend P. Diddy at star-studded London screening of his documentary film What a difference a wig makes! Penelope Cruz gets into character as Donatella Versace with help of long hairpiece on American Crime Story set Pretty in peach! Demi Lovato hits the runway in trenchcoat with matching silk midi skirt at LAX His clothes are too big now! Newly slender Brad Pitt swims in his togs as he hits The Late Show... after denying he is 'suicidal' after Angelina split Lucky girl! Gina Rodriguez is gorgeous in green as she arrives for talk show appearance... before cuddling up to fellow guest Brad Pitt Their hips don't lie! Shakira and Becky G flash the flesh at Univision's 2017 Upfront in NYC The 40-year-old singer showcased her stunning figure  Oops they did it again! Britney Spears' sons spook her with another on-camera prank  Jayden, 10 and Sean Preston, 11, teamed up to scare their mum Regrets! Kim Kardashian swears off pizza and ice cream after epic chow down with Jonathan Cheban in NYC as she's back to working out in LA Kerry Washington sizzles in bold red and hot pink mini dress...as it's revealed why Shonda Rhimes decided it was time to end Scandal Casual cool! Margot Robbie gives a peek at her toned tum in white crop top and patchwork denim as she hits market in Hawaii Poppy Delevingne swaps her glamour for varsity jacket as she and husband James Cook casually celebrate their wedding anniversary at P. Diddy film screening Supermodel Winnie Harlow oozes elegance in silk robe layered over a tiny bralet for P Diddy film screening Heating things up! Hollywood heartthrob Zac Efron arrives in Sydney with co-star Alexandra Daddario ahead of Baywatch film premiere In her party dress! Mandy Moore sports flirty animal print skirt and chic black blouse at star-studded bash The 33-year-old cut a seriously stylish figure Ricky Martin takes a break from American Crime Story set as he shows off banging body in tiny swim shorts Thrones fit for (the sister of) a Queen! If you thought bride-to-be Pippa's £100,000 glass marquee was over the top, wait until you see the luxury PORTALOOS at her £330,000 wedding Pippa is set to wear her hair up for the big day - with the help of Kate's personal hairdresser  She's got a lot to smile about! Reese Witherspoon looks summer ready in jeans and a floral top from her clothing line Draper James 'South Africa is incredible!' VIP Justin Bieber SKIPS line at Table Mountain's Cableway in Cape Town Gigi Hadid's stalker grins in court two years after his repeated attempts to break into supermodel's NYC pad forced her to sell the $2.5M property  Lily Collins explains how her role as an anorexia sufferer enabled her to see how she looked to others when she struggled with the disorder in the past  Roseanne Barr reunites with TV husband John Goodman as reboot of classic show is announced Celebrated its revival in style Roseanne reboot featuring Barr, John Goodman and Sara Gilbert officially greenlit for eight episodes at ABC Bethenny Frankel called the Real Housewives of Atlanta reunion 'disgusting' and 'gross' Cold-shoulder chic! Jenna Dewan dazzles in cut-out top and midi skirt for New York outing The actress is currently doing promotional rounds  'I've actually kissed many of these people!' Katy Perry reveals 'who she would rather' in a Hollywood matchmaker game on Ellen Hollywood's main men 'She's always watching': Liam Payne confirms to fans that the tattoo on his arm IS of Cheryl's eye... after revealing true feelings on baby Bear's name On his best behaviour! Queen Mathilde gives son Prince Emmanuel a stern look as he accompanies her to a cello competition in Belgium Her royal shyness! Crown Princess Mary reduces a nervous toddler to tears as she attends the opening of a food centre in Aarhus Series creator Shonda Rhimes confirms Scandal will end after seven seasons but promises they will 'leave nothing on the table' Dancing With The Stars pro Anna Trebunskaya reveals she is expecting a baby boy with boyfriend Nevin Millan Harry Judd's pregnant wife Izzy shares sweet snap of her daughter pecking her growing bump during their first family holiday 'The men were getting paid more': Kirsten Dunst reflects on Spider-Man salary and reveals was asked to lose weight for her latest movie role The jury's out! Jessica Chastain complements her trademark flame-red tresses with chic crimson gown as she joins fellow Cannes judges for lunch  'Everybody knows you make the best actors': Jeff Goldblum praises stars Down Under as actor says Australia produces the greatest talent Robin Thicke vs. stepmom: Alan Thicke's sons go to war with late actor's wife as they claim she's threatening them with bad press to get more of his estate Tyga's rumoured former fling Demi Rose flaunts her ample cleavage in an array of raunchy skin-flashing snaps Left it seductively open Kim Kardashian's assistant says Kris Jenner 'can get on the phone and change the world' and admits she once ran all over San Francisco looking for a CARD GAME for Kanye Cigs And The City: Bella Hadid smokes cigarettes as she flashes a rare smile while dining at Eden Roc in France She's arrived for Cannes That's not A$AP! Kendall Jenner leaves cosy Italian restaurant with mystery man after partying with rapper Rocky at West Hollywood club 'Bad human kill apes': Gun-toting Woody Harrelson attacks apes as epic violence erupts in War For The Planet Of The Apes final trailer 'She's the sweetest!' Holly Willoughby gets broody as she cradles First Dates' first baby... as she admits being a mum made it hard to have date nights Brooklyn Beckham displays his typically grungy style in a beanie and gold chain as he larks around with crew members outside a photo shoot in London Elle Fanning dazzles in sparkly statement shades as she goes makeup-free for her arrival in Nice ahead of the Cannes Film Festival So much for basic black and white! Ariel Winter steps out in a tight structured bodice as she heads to a daytime meeting He's not called Harry STYLES for nothing! FEMAIIL breaks down the summer fashion trends and tricks inspired by the solo-going One Direction star Feisty Emma Stone serves up plenty of feminist spirit as tennis hero Billie Jean King in new trailer for Battle Of The Sexes with Steve Carell 'She's the ultimate pop star': Miley Cyrus gushes about little sister Noah as she cuts stylish figure in midi dress and fedora Rebellious years gone Girls just wanna have fun! Love Island's Katie Salmon and Ex On The Beach's ZaraLena Jackson flaunt their enviable figures in TINY beachwear as they put on a racy display in Ibiza Tallia Storm displays her fit physique in a patterned blue bikini as she her sun-soaked getaway to Ibiza continues In shape Imogen Thomas showcases her ample assets and endless curves in sizzling plunging black bikini in sultry Instagram snap Taking a break from mom duties! Irina Shayk touches her tummy two months after welcoming baby with Bradley Cooper as she's seen solo in NYC Don't stop 'til you get enough (coffee): Paris Jackson cuts a casual figure with a friend in LA after stunning on Teen Vogue cover Curvy Amber Rose causes a commotion in a LBD in Miami... but then opts for a relaxed look to jet back to LA Bill Cosby says he will NOT testify at his upcoming sexual assault trial next month, saying he's worried he might mess up his own defense while being questioned Only the best! Kylie Jenner, 19, rents stunning clifftop mansion in Beverly Hills for $125k a month She's renting out a property while she gets work done  'She's just as bad as he is': Courtney Love gets murdered by her sons in first Menendez: Blood Brothers trailer Jude Law's limited series The Young Pope gets spinoff as HBO greenlights The New Pope HBO has ordered a follow-up to acclaimed limited series She sure looks happy to be with the guy! Drew Barrymore beams in NYC with ex-husband Will Kopelman... after honoring him on Mother's Day New mum Paloma Faith goes casual in flared jeans and a maroon jacket as she steps out for solo stroll... five months after giving birth to daughter Lorde dons Dior and Daisy Dukes in ELLE... and reveals Kiwi pals call her a 'weird old dowager with a nice house' Is THIS Pippa's wedding dress? Stylists are seen arriving at the bride-to-be's house carrying white garment bags - and the Duchess' hairdresser is there too Royals turn out for Queen's first garden party of the season - as Kate reveals she's 'nervous' about how George and Charlotte will behave at her sister's wedding  Private Moss! Model Kate channels a military vibe in khaki green as she steps out in London... after rare insight into romance with beau Nikolai  'I'm back in my skinny jeans': Billie Faiers credits her post-baby weight-loss to breastfeeding as she snaps back into shape just 10 weeks after birth 'It was an internal battle': Liam Payne, 23, on why Cheryl, 33, chose 'Bear' when he 'wasn't really having it'... as he reveals baby's secret middle name 'Who knew there were so many eligible bachelors?' Tinashe shows off her abs and ample assets in racy crop top as she admits she's on the look out for love during candid Radio 1 interview Fashion favourite Alexa Chung is 'dropped' as the face of Longchamp due to her association with 'countless other brands' She wears heels everywhere! Hilaria Baldwin poses on a slide with four-inch pumps as she plays at NYC park with Alec and her three kids 'She's feeling terrible': Pregnant Danielle Lloyd 'has been forced to clear her schedule after being left bed-ridden by gestational diabetes' She's suffering She Cannes do no wrong! Bella Hadid dazzles in a silver jacket and chic patchwork jeans as she makes a stylish arrival at Film Festival in France  Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves shares a kiss with female companion during night out... after doctor rejects his bid to alter eye colour in India Jimmy Kimmel will return as host of 90th Academy Awards for second consecutive year... as comedian is lauded as 'one of the finest emcees in Oscar history' Saving the glamour for Cannes! Make-up free Marion Cotillard does low-key chic in plaid shirt dress as she touches down in Nice for the film festival Wheelie not ideal! Kendall Jenner hilariously falls flat on her face after she takes a tumble off her bike in side-splitting social media clip 'It was beautiful': Newly engaged Emily VanCamp reveals fiance Josh Bowman proposed to her in the forest during a hike 'We were in nature' Workout hard with a vengeance! Scout Willis is trim toned and terrific as she heads to a pilates class in a stomach-flaunting look  Samantha Harris is closer to her dream job at Victoria's Secret as she prepares to model swimwear at Fashion Week... a year after reuniting with her jailbird husband Luke Hunt Made In Chelsea's Frankie Gaff flaunts her sensational figure in an array of skimpy bikinis as she soaks up the sunshine in Dubai Romantic getaway  'Enjoy the book, you're the one writing it': Jon Bon Jovi surprises New Jersey college graduates with live commencement show Scott Disick enjoys a night out with gorgeous rumoured girlfriend Ella Ross... after admitting he is a 'f**ked up sex addict' Partying hard, again Vogue Williams poses in a tiny white bikini to lament her 'post holiday blues' as she continues to hog the limelight in Pippa Middleton's wedding week 'We love you!': Teresa Giudice offers a prayer for RHONJ co-star Dina Manzo after she's beaten and bound during home invasion robbery Hayden Panettiere's childhood home goes on the market for $1.75M after parents' bitter divorce battle finally comes to an end Palisades, New York Ferry dramatic! Tom Cruise takes to the River Seine to shoot spectacular stunt sequence as he continues Mission Impossible 6 filming Hear her Roar! Katy Perry showcases her vocal abilities as she's spotted by a fan filming Carpool Karaoke alongside James Corden Made In Chelsea's Louise Thompson shows off tanned six-pack in a hot pink bikini as she enjoys her sixth holiday of the year in Mexico Make-up free Nigella Lawson shows off her svelte frame and tiny waist as she goes low-key in all black for a stroll  Effortlessly chic Did Trump steal from Legally Blonde? Jimmy Fallon compares president's motivational commencement address to Elle Woods' speech in spoof  'I want to conceive on Joey's day release': 'Celibate' Lauren Goodger is planning a baby with jailbird beau BEFORE 2018 and says she 'doesn't go out' EastEnders star Lacey Turner gets huge elephant tattoo on her spine... and shares the painful process on social media A long session  Topless Chantelle Connelly and Jemma Lucy get VERY hands-on as they pucker up for a passionate kiss in the shower on Spanish sunshine break Jet setter! Eva Longoria dresses down for her flight to Paris to host Global Gift Gala Celebrating her first anniversary with third husband José Make-up free Patsy Palmer looks sartorially savvy in chunky shawl and denims as she hits the town in London Duke of York's Theatre evening 'Another day another bikini': Former TOWIE bombshell Kate Wright flaunts her enviable figure and tiny waist in a coral two-piece Ferdinand's 'girlfriend' 'I was born with a platform, and I didn't want to waste it': Paris Jackson reveals why she's building a career in the public eye Modelling portfolio 'I eat chips for breakfast': Charlotte Dawson admits to VERY unhealthy diet and has nicknamed her chins Bob and Belinda after gorging on sweets Ivanka Trump barely cracks a smile as she steps out in a ladylike floral frock amid controversy about her dad sharing intelligence with Russia 'Don't give up. Don't quit. Persist!' Chelsea Clinton echoes mom Hillary's words as she encourages young women to play SPORTS and keep active 'Walking into adulthood': Tiffany Trump cheers on Ross Mechanic as he graduates from University of Pennsylvania A new Brand of man: Russell and his fiancée Laura Gallacher enjoy a stroll in New York with daughter Mabel   He's had a hedonistic past Who needs Orlando Bloom when you have Paris? Katy Perry parties at Ms Hilton's mansion with Bella Thorne, Sofia Richie and Iggy Azalea 'I don't want anything to ruin this time!' Pregnant Jennifer Metcalfe discusses welcoming her first child with 'best mate' Greg Lake 'Fashion should never make you feel bad!': Reese Witherspoon says 'rude, snotty' salespeople alienate shoppers... but her stores are 'fun' Bye bye, bling: The Bachelor's Lauren Bushnell 'will need to RETURN her 95k engagement ring to ABC' following split from Ben Higgins 'You've got to earn this': Michael Phelps is put through his paces by Dwayne Johnson as he tries out for Baywatch in funny promo Funny clip  'Not a good example': Elle Macpherson urges Rosie Huntington-Whiteley to lose post-baby weight slowly after shedding hers in just THREE WEEKS Jamie O'Hara and bikini-clad girlfriend Elizabeth-Jayne Tierney can't keep their hands off one another as she frolics in a thong on the beach in Ibiza From lovers to friends! Former Geordie Shore star Vicky Pattison reunited with ex 'Fit Dan' Conn as he congratulates her on finding love 'I can't depend on Hollywood for jobs': Kim Cattrall, 60, hits out at ageism in the acting industry as she laments being cast as 'grotesque older women' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift heads home to Nashville to visit her mother... as she's seen for the first time in three months after laying low Dodging the drama 'Your passing has left me destroyed forever but I know you are at peace': Rosario Dawson 'finds her 26-year-old cousin dead in her Los Angeles home' 'It's an emotional time for me': Love Island's Nathan Massey breaks his silence following ex-girlfriend Cara De La Hoyde's shock pregnancy news Red alert! Ravishing redheads Jessica Chastain, Julianne Moore and Susan Sarandon arrive for Cannes Film Festival in style J'Adore: Natalie Portman wears blue velvet gown as she cosies up to husband Benjamin Millepied at Dior perfume launch She's a new mum Ore Oduba and wife Portia can't contain their excitement as they jet off to Cannes for This Morning... days after his raucous night out with Laura Whitmore Prince of hearts! William follows in his mother's footsteps as he bonds with a six-year-old cancer patient on a visit to the Royal Marsden Hospital  Blooming lovely! Duchess of Cornwall is presented with a pretty bouquet as she joins Prince Charles on a visit to Oxford's historic covered market  'They need to do a whole reboot!' Paula Abdul rules out returning to American Idol Se will not be part of the ABC Network reboot SPOILER ALERT: Maria Connor and Aidan Turner caught leaving hotel after a secret tryst... as Eva Price finally finds out the truth on Coronation Street James Matthews apologises to an old lady after his dog relieves himself in the street... as Pippa's fiancé shows off a buff physique ahead of their wedding Slimmed down Blac Chyna flaunts her tiny waist and bodacious derriere in tiny pink skirt and matching cropped bomber for night out On her finest form 'He picks single mothers and vulnerable women': Heartbroken Josie Gibson lashes out at 'manipulative' ex Sam Player after discovering he 'cheated five times' Just the ticket! Emily MacDonagh, 27, sports leather trousers as she jets out of London with Peter Andre, 44... after admitting 'motherhood can be lonely' Here comes the A-list bridesmaid! Margot Robbie wears ethereal frock and flowers in her hair for best friend's wedding in Hawaii PICTURED: Zoe Ball picks up a coffee as she is seen for the first time since boyfriend Billy Yates was tragically found hanged at his home Victoria Beckham stuns in a loose patterned shirtdress before changing into chic velvet skirt as she turns heads at fashion launch in Hong Kong This is one you auto see! Harry Styles dons a brightly coloured shirt as he joins James Corden to announce brand new Carpool Karaoke session How Demelza gets her dazzle! £12,000 earrings, a VERY daring designer, scarlet hair dye - and ambition so fierce she bagged an agent at 11 'There was an electric chemistry between them': Anna Friel, 40, and Charlie Heaton, 23, 'couldn't keep their hands off each other' at TV BAFTAs 'It fizzled out': Cricket ace Stuart Broad 'splits' from lingerie model girlfriend Bealey Mitchell after three years of dating Split amicably 'Our thoughts are with David': Piers Morgan ridicules Beckham over King Arthur box office flop as he says his movie career has come to a 'shuddering halt' Grime superstar Stormzy donates £9,000 to an Oxford University student so she can go to Harvard... before her friends thank him with a Nando's  'Am I in heaven?': Model Taylor Hill shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini during beach break The 20-year-old model was in her element  'I did something unforgivable because I was out of my mind': Sinead O'Connor apologises for 'vicious' attack on family during breakdown 'He's destined for Hollywood': Charlie Higson praises 'fantastic' co-star James Norton as he discusses joining the cast of Grantchester Purple reign: Jennifer Hudson looks leggy in very short floral dress with plunging neckline for TV network junket Pulled out all the stops for the cameras 'It keeps my mind at ease': Pregnant Binky Felstead hits out at anti-exercise critics as she insists maintaining her fitness has helped her 'anxiety' Busty Bianca Gascoigne oozes glamour as she flaunts her more than ample assets in an extremely plunging bodycon dress for London night out Nicole Richie turns heads in a plunging white gown with thigh-high slit as she celebrates renewal of her brand new sitcom Great News 'Health is much more important than stuff': Joan Collins reveals how 'upsetting' she has found auctioning off $3m worth of her late sister Jackie's items Margot Robbie flaunts her toned pins in thigh-grazing bardot dress as she enjoys a helicopter ride with pals... following bridesmaid duties in Hawaii Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Share 6 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-17 ‘Fahrenheit 11/9’: Michael Moore To Explore Donald Trump’s Rise To Power In New ‘Fahrenheit 9/11’ Documentary Entertainment 2017-05-16 Tim Allen Breaks Silence On ‘Last Man Standing’ Cancellation Entertainment 2017-05-16 Oscars 2018 Host Announced Entertainment 2017-05-16 Harry Styles To Star In Revived ‘Carpool Karaoke’ News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-17 WKRN Nashville Kratom Scare Story Sourced From Scientology Propaganda [Opinion] News 2017-05-16 Israel Provided The Intelligence Trump Shared With The Russians [Report] News 2017-05-16 Plane Vanishes Into Thin Air: Debris Found News 2017-05-16 Father Finds 4-Year-Old Daughter, Paige Brown, Hanging In Upstairs Bedroom Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-17 WWE News: Eva Marie’s Replacement For ‘Total Divas’ Revealed, Other New Cast Members Coming Soon Sports 2017-05-17 ESPN Cancels ‘Mike & Mike’ Radio Show, Mike Greenberg Will Have New Show In 2018 Wrestling 2017-05-17 WWE News: Braun Strowman Updates Fans On Elbow Injury, Pre-‘SummerSlam’ 2017 Return Imminent? Basketball 2017-05-17 Lakers Keep The Pick, Ball Is Now In Their Court Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-15 5 Lessons In Running A Successful Business, According To Kylie Jenner Lifestyle 2017-05-11 Today Is National Eat What You Want Day! Here’s How To Score Free Food Lifestyle 2017-05-09 Mother’s Day 2017: Six Cool Last-Minute Gifts To Give Mom Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-16 Deadly Hepatitis C Virus Is On The Rise In America Health 2017-05-16 Beware The ‘Caffeine Overdose’: Energy Drinks Kill Healthy South Carolina Teen, How Dangerous Is Caffeine? Health 2017-05-14 Cholera Outbreak: 115 Dead In Yemen ‘We Are Now Facing Serious Outbreak Of Cholera,’ Says Red Cross Health 2017-05-13 Long Eradicated Diseases Hidden In Permafrost May Run Rampant Again Thanks To Climate Change Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-16 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Boat Update: Does ‘Captain’s Log: Day 5’ Hold Answers For May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update? Technology 2017-05-16 Instagram Goes Down Tuesday, Sets Off Temporary Social Media Exodus To Twitter Gaming 2017-05-16 ‘Phantom Dust’ Remaster Now Free On Xbox One And Windows 10 Gaming 2017-05-16 ‘Heroes Of The Storm’ Adds D.Va From ‘Overwatch’ Today, Get 10 Free Loot Boxes In Both Games For Playing BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-17 Mo’Nique Slams Oprah, Lee Daniels, And Tyler Perry, ‘You Are Not Paying Me Equally, So You Can Suck My D***!’ BuzzWorthy 2017-05-16 Reporter Says Touching Of Woman’s Breast During Live Segment Was ‘Unintentional’ [Video] BuzzWorthy 2017-05-16 ‘Deadliest Catch’ News: Jake Harris Skips Out On Phoenix Court Date, Now Judge Issues Arrest Warrant BuzzWorthy 2017-05-16 Plane Missing Over Bermuda Triangle: Pilot Nathan Ulrich, NYC CEO Jennifer Blumin, And Her Two Sons Missing SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss SpaceX Falcon 9 Rocket Successfully Launches, Delivers Its Heaviest Payload To Date Space 6 0 0 May 15, 2017 SpaceX Falcon 9 Rocket Successfully Launches, Delivers Its Heaviest Payload To Date Simon Alvarez Just two weeks after its most recent launch, Elon Musk’s private space firm, SpaceX, launched another Falcon 9 rocket into space. Unlike past missions, however, Monday’s launch saw the Falcon 9 deliver a massive payload to space, and never return to Earth, all for the sake of better internet. In a launch that was viewed by millions of viewers across the globe, the Falcon 9 rocket seemingly broke its limits and delivered its biggest payload yet in what currently stands as one of SpaceX’s most successful missions to date. A WIRED report has stated that the private space firm would be launching a satellite from its Cape Canaveral launch pad on Monday night, with the launch window opening at 7:21 p.m. EST. The Falcon 9 rocket would be carrying a massive, 13,500-pound satellite from British firm Inmarsat, which is designed to deliver high-speed broadband internet to mobile customers. The satellite, called the Inmarsat-5 Flight 4, is built by Boeing and is created to be one of four Global Xpress satellites that are set to deliver improved mobile internet connection for passengers in commercial aircraft, ships, and members of the U.S. military who are currently deployed. With the satellite launching into space, in-flight internet would be significantly improved. Liftoff! https://t.co/gtC39uBC7z pic.twitter.com/C5nAH1bnPB — SpaceX (@SpaceX) May 15, 2017 SpaceX has practically mastered the art of sending spacecraft to space and bringing them back to Earth, but in the case of Monday’s launch, the private firm has opted to send its rocket on a one-way trip instead. This is due to the sheer size of the payload it is carrying, as the Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 is the Falcon 9’s heaviest payload yet, weighing in at 13,500 pounds and being larger than a double-decker bus. With a payload this heavy, the Falcon 9’s 230-foot frame needed all of its fuel and 1.7 million pounds of liftoff thrust to send the satellite to its destination 22,000 miles above the equator, according to a USA Today report. As a result of the large payload it would be carrying, SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket on Monday’s launch did not land its first stage after use. The Falcon Booster also went to space without carrying a landing gear. This is not the first time SpaceX has made a similar decision, however, as the private space firm also launched a satellite from EchoStar in a one-way trip to space a couple months back. During that time, it appeared that the EchoStar launch would be SpaceX’s last expendable mission. As it turned out, however, this was not to be the case. The Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 rocket was originally slated to be launched in SpaceX’s bigger, far more reusable rocket, the Falcon Heavy. Back when SpaceX and the British firm ironed out their contract back in 2014, the massive payload was planned for a launch using the private space company’s largest rocket to date. With the Falcon Heavy still in development, however, the two companies had to reach a compromise, which ended with SpaceX opting to sacrifice one of its Falcon 9 rockets to send the Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 satellite payload to space. Falcon 9 and Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 vertical on Pad 39A. The 49-minute launch window opens at 7:21 p.m. EDT, or 23:21 UTC. pic.twitter.com/BYylLU7TTE — SpaceX (@SpaceX) May 15, 2017 Inmarsat CEO Rupert Pearce has expressed his anticipation and optimism for the mission, stating that the launch would signify the beginning of a revolution in mobile internet. Considering that the mission would give better connections to customers who are out of range from conventional internet providers, the Inmarsat CEO’s statements could not be any more accurate. “I’m sure we’re going to have a really, really exciting show. Everyone at Inmarsat, SpaceX and Boeing is really, really pumped about this launch. It’s a very significant one for us at Inmarsat, because we call it the end of the beginning of the Global Xpress era.” With SpaceX achieving yet another successful launch, its place as one of the most aggressive and formidable private space firms has just been further established. If any, it proved that the Falcon 9, despite being pushed to its limits, is capable of delivering its payload to space in a safe and satisfactory manner. Liftoff of SpaceX's Falcon 9! https://t.co/bLgSInSGkq pic.twitter.com/Y3IuO4AOUl — The Verge (@verge) May 15, 2017 [Featured Image by SpaceX] Now Watch This: Uber Requires Transport License Advises Top European Court Now Read This: ‘Clash Of Clans’ Boat Update: Does ‘Captain’s Log: Day 5’ Hold Answers For May 2017 ‘Clash Of Clans’ Update? Share 6 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Simon Alvarez Tags: Falcon 9, Inmarsat-5, SpaceX August 7, 2014 Ugly Feminists Freak Out Over #FeministsAreUgly Hashtag August 7, 2014 Brooklyn Jogger Finds Apparent Skeleton Decked Out In Nets Gear Comments LATEST HEADLINES WWE News: Eva Marie’s Replacement For ‘Total Divas’ Revealed, Other New Cast Members Coming Soon ‘Dance Moms’ Maddie Ziegler Criticized For Being Too Cozy With Boyfriend, Ignores Abby Lee Miller’s Jail Time Rob Kardashian Continues To Support Blac Chyna Despite Reports Of Separation Mo’Nique Slams Oprah, Lee Daniels, And Tyler Perry, ‘You Are Not Paying Me Equally, So You Can Suck My D***!’ ‘War For The Planet Of The Apes’ Trailer Features Woody Harrelson In A Tribute To Charlton Heston [Video] ESPN Cancels ‘Mike & Mike’ Radio Show, Mike Greenberg Will Have New Show In 2018 Irina Shayk, Focusing On Net Worth, Hides Bradley Cooper, Baby, And Life As Young Parents On Instagram In 2017 ‘Fahrenheit 11/9’: Michael Moore To Explore Donald Trump’s Rise To Power In New ‘Fahrenheit 9/11’ Documentary WWE News: Braun Strowman Updates Fans On Elbow Injury, Pre-‘SummerSlam’ 2017 Return Imminent? Niall Horan Makes It Look So Easy With His ‘Slow Hands’ And Sexy Riffs: When Is The Album Coming? [Opinion] Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories ‘Little People, Big World’s’ Zach And Tori Welcome Baby! See The Cute First Family Photo 20k 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’: Tori Roloff Posts New Pic Of Baby Jackson, Zach Afraid To Cut Cord [UPDATE] 10k 0 0 Donald Trump Indictment: Sealed Indictment Reportedly Issued Against Trump, Will Become Basis For Impeachment 9k 0 0 James Woods’ Twitter Tweet: Anderson Cooper’s ‘Butt Plug Dislodges During A Newscast’ Calls For Twitter Ban 6.9k 0 0 Donald Trump Passed Classified ISIS Info To Russians In Oval Office Meeting, Bombshell Report Says [Updated] 5.7k 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’: Matt Roloff Reacts To Becoming A Grandpa, Fans Ask If Baby Has Dwarfism 5.7k 0 0 Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:04 GMT, May 17, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeBusiness Russia’s Putin, India’s Modi to attend ‘most intensive’ St. Petersburg International Economic Forum Published time: 17 May, 2017 00:56 Get short URL © AFP The upcoming 21st International Economic Forum in St. Petersburg, featuring Russian President Vladimir Putin, Indian PM Narendra Modi and Austrian Chancellor Christian Kern, will provide the most intensive program in the event’s history, the organizers said. The St. Petersburg International Economic Forum (SPIEF) is scheduled to take place June 1-3 in Russia’s second-largest city, often also regarded as the country’s cultural capital.  READ MORE: Putin, Modi to join session hosted by NBC’s Megyn Kelly at St. Petersburg economic forum “A plenary session with the participation of Russian President Vladimir Putin, Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi and Federal Chancellor of Austria Christian Kern, set to take place on June 2, will be the central event [of the forum],” said Anton Kobyakov, Russian presidential advisor and executive secretary of the SPIEF organizing committee. Read more Davos agenda to be ‘reflected’ at 2017 intl’ economic forum in St. Petersburg – organizer to RT Some 39 ministers from 26 countries have confirmed their participation in the forum, with a total estimated number of participants, including businessmen and representatives of various international organizations, exceeding 5,000, he added.   International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) director general Yukiya Amano, Saudi Energy Minister Khalid Fatih, the heads of 250 foreign companies, including BP, Total and Boeing, are among those expected to arrive in St. Petersburg.    More than 70 Russian regional heads and over 700 of the country’s companies have also signed up to discuss key global economic and financial issues with international partners. SPIEF is known to be a major deal-making event, with $17 billion worth of deals not subject to commercial secrecy made in 2016. According to Kobyakov, this year’s SPIEF promises the most intensive program in the forum’s history, with a total of 108 business events planned. READ MORE: Investment funds worth $10 trillion center stage at 2016 St. Pete Economic Forum “The program for the 2017 Forum reflects current economic trends in Russia and the challenges facing the global economy today. The discussion will focus on the current status of the international economic system and the prospects for its sustainable development, the search for the best paths toward solving pressing problems, and how to make use of emerging opportunities,” he said. Sessions dedicated to the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO), BRICS, the B20 International Trade and Investment Forum as well as sessions of the Valdai Club are also on the agenda. The SPIEF Investment & Business Expo will showcase Russian and international investment projects during the forum in St. Petersburg. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump James Comey ObamaCare Just In... Study: 6M with pre-existing conditions could be charged more under GOP plan Healthcare — 0s ago Nine protesters injured after Trump-Erdogan meeting: report News — 3h 27m ago Sanders: 'Trump doesn't fully understand' being president Blog Briefing Room — 3h 34m ago Potential 2020 Dems look beyond Trump Campaign — 3h 43m ago Ransomware attack inflames intelligence scrutiny Technology — 3h 44m ago GOP House runoff in SC too close to call Campaign — 3h 56m ago CNN analyst: 'We're in impeachment territory' Blog Briefing Room — 4h 21m ago Trump disclosure of classified intel may have endangered spy: report Administration — 4h 42m ago view all   Overnight Defense: Trump reportedly asked Comey to end Flynn probe | McMaster says Trump didn't know intel source | Why the Navy is dropping 'goddamned steam' catapults By Ellen Mitchell - 05/16/17 08:10 PM EDT 1   © Getty THE TOPLINE: TRUMP ASKED COMEY TO END FLYNN INVESTIGATION: Trump asked former FBI Director James Comey to end the federal investigation into former national security adviser Michael Flynn in February, the New York Times reported Tuesday. Comey wrote in a memo shortly after the meeting that Trump told him "I hope you can see your way clear to letting this go, to letting Flynn go," the report said. The meeting reportedly took place one day after Flynn resigned. Corey's memo was part of an effort to create a paper trail documenting Trump's influence on the investigation. The White House denied the memo's version of events in a statement to the Times, writing: "This is not a truthful or accurate portrayal of the conversation between the president and Mr. Comey." The Hill's Jordan Fabian has more on the report here.   The Times report sparked a new firestorm.  House Oversight Committeee Chairman Jason ChaffetzJason ChaffetzGOP nears total exasperation with Trump Overnight Cybersecurity: Questions mount over N. Korea's ties to ransomware attack | House passes cyber crime bill | NSA leakers plan to release more hacking tools Overnight Defense: Trump reportedly asked Comey to end Flynn probe | McMaster says Trump didn't know intel source | Why the Navy is dropping 'goddamned steam' catapults MORE (R-Utah) said he would be open to subpoenaing the Comey memos. Sen. Lindsey GrahamLindsey GrahamOvernight Cybersecurity: Questions mount over N. Korea's ties to ransomware attack | House passes cyber crime bill | NSA leakers plan to release more hacking tools Top House Intel Dem: Comey memo paints 'alarming portrait' of potential Trump interference Overnight Defense: Trump reportedly asked Comey to end Flynn probe | McMaster says Trump didn't know intel source | Why the Navy is dropping 'goddamned steam' catapults MORE (R-S.C.), who chairs a Senate Judiciary subcommittee, asked Comey to testify. Dem lawmakers voiced outrage over the claims, with some ramping up calls for a special prosecutor to investigate alleged Trump campaign ties to Russia. Others questioned if the president's actions with Comey amounted to obstruction of justice. Senate Minority Leader Charles SchumerCharles SchumerSchumer: 'Country is being tested in unprecedented ways' Eight days that shook Trump's Washington Schumer distances himself from Trump impeachment calls MORE (D-N.Y.) said the country was "being tested in unprecedented ways." And Independent Sen. Angus KingAngus KingOvernight Cybersecurity: Questions mount over N. Korea's ties to ransomware attack | House passes cyber crime bill | NSA leakers plan to release more hacking tools Overnight Defense: Trump reportedly asked Comey to end Flynn probe | McMaster says Trump didn't know intel source | Why the Navy is dropping 'goddamned steam' catapults Independent senator: Impeachment could be considered MORE (Maine) said "reluctantly" that impeachment could be on the table.   THE OTHER BIG STORY... WHITE HOUSE DEFENDS SHARING INFO WITH RUSSIA The White House on Tuesday tried to contain the fallout from reports that President Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian officials continued on Tuesday. President Trump started the day by taking to Twitter. The Hill's Jordan Fabian has the story: President Trump on Tuesday defended revealing sensitive information to top Russian diplomats, saying in pair of early morning tweets that he has an "absolute right" to do so. Trump tweeted that he shared the information with the Russians for "[h]umanitarian reasons, plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS & terrorism." He said he wanted to provide Russia with "facts pertaining...to terrorism and airline flight safety," something that he has "the absolute right to do" as commander in chief. Trump also vented his frustration that, once again, details from his conversations with foreign dignitaries leaked to the press. Click here for more.   Trump's national security adviser also addressed reporters at the White House briefing, insisting the president did nothing wrong. More from Jordan: National security adviser H.R. McMaster on Tuesday said President Trump did not jeopardize intelligence assets by revealing highly sensitive information to Russian officials, adding that Trump did not know where the intel came from. Speaking to reporters at the White House, McMaster disputed the "premise" of media reports that Trump put intelligence sources in jeopardy by disclosing the information, saying it was "wholly appropriate" for the president to discuss. "The president in no way undermined sources or methods in the course of this conversation," he said, adding that the information could be found in "open-source reporting."   McMaster said Trump could not have endangered national security because he did not even know the source of the information he discussed. "The president wasn't even aware of where this information came from," he said. "He wasn't briefed on the source." Click here for more. McMaster may have his own problems in the White House. A New York Times report claimed Trump had called the top adviser a "pain" who talked too much. More on that here.   DEM REACT: Those statements did little to calm Democrats. Senate Minority Leader Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) called on Trump to provide Congress with "a transcript of the meeting with the Russian foreign minister and ambassador available to the congressional Intelligence Committees as soon as possible." He added that if Trump "has nothing to hide, he should direct that the transcript of the meeting be made available."  The Hill's Jordain Carney has more of the story here.   THE INTEL CAME FROM ISRAEL: Citing one current and one former official familiar with U.S. intelligence gathering, the Times reported on Tuesday that the information Trump shared with the Russian ambassador and foreign minister about a terror plot involving the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS) came from the Israelis. Read more here. One report claimed Israeli intelligence was "boiling mad" over the disclosures. Read more on that here. A European officials said their country might stop sharing some intel with the U.S. More on that here.    REPUBLICAN REACT: Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnellMitch McConnellGOP nears total exasperation with Trump Overnight Defense: Trump reportedly asked Comey to end Flynn probe | McMaster says Trump didn't know intel source | Why the Navy is dropping 'goddamned steam' catapults Republicans should bring Dems to the table to work on tax reform MORE (R-Ky.) said Tuesday that he isn't concerned about Trump's handling of classified information. The Hill's Jordain Carney has the rest here. But Sen. John McCainJohn McCainGOP nears total exasperation with Trump McCain: Trump scandals reaching 'Watergate size and scale' Overnight Defense: Trump reportedly asked Comey to end Flynn probe | McMaster says Trump didn't know intel source | Why the Navy is dropping 'goddamned steam' catapults MORE (R-Ariz.), the chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said that "reports that the President shared sensitive intelligence with Russian officials are deeply disturbing." Click here for more. Republican Sen. Susan CollinsSusan CollinsGOP nears total exasperation with Trump Overnight Defense: Trump reportedly asked Comey to end Flynn probe | McMaster says Trump didn't know intel source | Why the Navy is dropping 'goddamned steam' catapults Overnight Healthcare: Durbin okays Dems, GOP centrists meeting on ObamaCare | Lone GOP group offers cover for health vote MORE (Maine) said the White House needs to brief the Senate Intelligence Committee over the allegations. Read more here. House Intel Committee members did get their own briefing on Tuesday from the head of the CIA. Read more here.    WHY THE NAVY IS SWITCHING FROM 'GODDAMNED STEAM' CATAPULTS: A digital launch system installed on the new USS Gerald Ford aircraft carrier has become President Trump's newest defense industry target. Trump, who since December has bashed cost overruns in the Lockheed Martin-made F-35 fighter jet and the Boeing-produced Air Force One, recently turned his attention to the Navy's Electro-Magnetic Aircraft Launch System (EMALS).  Rather than use EMALS, Trump said he told the Navy to return to "goddamned steam" catapult technology to launch aircraft from newly built aircraft carriers, according to an interview he did with Time magazine. But switching the catapult system would cost the Navy millions of dollars extra on a ship already pegged at $12.9 billion, the most expensive vessel in U.S. history, according to defense experts.   Read more here.   GOP SENATORS URGE UN SECURITY COUNCIL ACTION ON NORTH KOREA: A trio of Republican senators is urging the U.N. Security Council to take "immediate and additional actions" against North Korea. "We are encouraged by the United Nations Security Council (UNSC) meeting today to discuss the urgency of the threat posed by the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (DPRK)," they wrote in a letter to the council Tuesday. "We urge the UNSC to take immediate and additional actions to increase the pressure on the DPRK and bring Pyongyang into full compliance with its international obligations." The letter was organized by Sen. Cory GardnerCory GardnerOvernight Defense: Trump reportedly asked Comey to end Flynn probe | McMaster says Trump didn't know intel source | Why the Navy is dropping 'goddamned steam' catapults GOP senators urge UN Security Council action on North Korea Overnight Defense: White House defends Trump on classified intel report | Trump's veterans hotline still not ready | Obama defends not bombing Syria MORE (R-Colo.) and cosigned by Sens. Jeff FlakeJeff FlakeGOP nears total exasperation with Trump Overnight Defense: Trump reportedly asked Comey to end Flynn probe | McMaster says Trump didn't know intel source | Why the Navy is dropping 'goddamned steam' catapults GOP senators urge UN Security Council action on North Korea MORE (R-Ariz.) and Marco RubioMarco RubioOvernight Defense: Trump reportedly asked Comey to end Flynn probe | McMaster says Trump didn't know intel source | Why the Navy is dropping 'goddamned steam' catapults Chaffetz ready to issue subpoena for Comey memo GOP senators urge UN Security Council action on North Korea MORE (R-Fla.). The Security Council held an emergency meeting Tuesday afternoon in the wake of North Korea's latest missile launch, which experts said represented a significant step forward in its quest for an intercontinental ballistic missile capable of hitting the U.S. mainland. Read the rest here.   ON TAP FOR TOMORROW: The House Armed Services Committee will have a hearing on the initial findings of a panel to streamline acquisition at 10 a.m. at the Rayburn House Office Building, room 2118. http://bit.ly/1XlBl5q Newly confirmed Air Force Secretary Heather Wilson will join the service's Chief of Staff Gen. David Goldfein and other top officials to testify at a Senate Armed Services subcommittee on military space organization, policy and programs at 2 p.m. at the Russell Senate Office Building, room 222. http://bit.ly/2qB5S8T A House Foreign Affairs subcommittee will hold a hearing with outside experts discussing threats to peace and stability in Balkan countries at 2 p.m. at Rayburn 2200. http://bit.ly/2qdPrMl The Senate Veterans Affairs Committee will hold a hearing on pending veterans health and benefit legislation at 2:30 p.m. at Russell 418. http://bit.ly/2qa8sBB A House Armed Services subcommittee will have a hearing on military personnel at 3:30 p.m. at Rayburn 2118. http://bit.ly/1XlBl5q A Senate Armed Services subcommittee will hold a hearing on U.S. military small arms requirements at 3:30 p.m. Wednesday at Russell 232A. http://bit.ly/2qam5ki    ICYMI:  -- The Hill: Pentagon watchdog to review Air Force B-21 bomber's secrecy: report -- The Hill: Schumer distances himself from Trump impeachment calls -- The Hill: GAO: Thousands discharged for military misconduct had mental health diagnosis -- The Hill: Haley: US might look at sanctions on countries aiding North Korea -- The Hill: South Korea: N. Korea ballistic missile program evolving faster than expected -- The Hill Trump will speak to Muslim leaders in Saudi Arabia about radical Islam -- Defense News: US Air Force removes weight restrictions on F-35A pilots. -- Navy Times: Posting nudes online without consent will now get you kicked out of the Navy Please send tips and comments to Rebecca Kheel, rkheel@thehill.com, and Ellen Mitchell, emitchell@thehill.com Follow us on Twitter: @thehill, @Rebecca_H_K, @EllenMitchell23 Tags Charles Schumer Mitch McConnell Jason Chaffetz Lindsey Graham Susan Collins Cory Gardner John McCain Marco Rubio Angus King Jeff Flake   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 GOP nears total exasperation with... Exasperated Republicans in the House and Senate are growing tired of... 1,520 Shares 2 Snowden on ransomware attack: 'It'... Edward Snowden also called the ongoing ransomware scourge "a perfect storm... 427 Shares 3 Eight days that shook Trump's... It was supposed to be a quiet week.The White House had just earned its... 262 Shares 4 Israeli intelligence ‘boiling mad... One Israeli intelligence officer said Trump had "confirmed" Israel's "... 207 Shares 5 McCain: Trump scandals reaching '... Arizona Sen. John McCain (R) reportedly said Tuesday that scandals within... 197 Shares 6 Independent senator: Impeachment... Sen. Angus King, a Maine independent who caucuses with Democrats, said he... 164 Shares 7 White House scrambles to limit... The White House scrambled on Tuesday to limit the damage from President... 142 Shares 8 Chaffetz ready to issue subpoena... House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) indicated he’s... 126 Shares 9 Fox host: No Republicans 'willing... Fox News host Bret Baier shared Tuesday there weren't "any Republicans... 122 Shares 10 Fallon finds similarities between... “Tonight Show” host Jimmy Fallon on Monday aired a video comparing... 115 Shares 11 Frustration abounds in Trump White... Trump World has a blunt message for the president: empower your staff or... 114 Shares 12 Trump asked Comey to end Flynn... President Trump asked former FBI Director James Comey to end the federal... 104 Shares 13 CNN analyst: 'We're in impeachment...  CNN political analyst David Gergen said Tuesday that he believe President... 93 Shares 14 NYT report: Trump told Comey to... President Trump reportedly told now-ousted FBI Director James Comey to... 80 Shares 15 Trump called McMaster 'a pain' who... President Trump has called National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster "a pain... 76 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
Home Weather 76° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close SpaceX launches satellite atop Falcon 9 rocket James Dean, Florida Today , TEGNA 9:23 AM. CDT May 16, 2017 (Photo: Craig Bailey/FLORIDA TODAY) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST CAPE CANAVERAL, FLA. -  A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket delivered its heaviest satellite yet to orbit on Monday evening after the company's second blastoff from Kennedy Space Center in two weeks. On the mission’s first launch attempt, the 23-story rocket rumbled southeast over the Atlantic Ocean at 7:21 p.m. ET with London-based Inmarsat’s fourth Inmarsat-5 satellite. Thirty-two minutes later, the rocket deployed the satellite that on the ground weighed nearly 13,500 pounds and stood taller than a red double-decker bus. “We’ve had good orbits, good separation, all you can ask for today,” SpaceX engineer John Insprucker said on the company’s launch webcast. The mission completed Inmarsat’s $1.6 billion, four-satellite Global Xpress constellation, designed to provide high-speed, global broadband service to mobile users from airplanes and ships to the U.S. military.   SpaceX Falcon 9 launch with Inmarsat-5   (Photo: SpaceX)   SpaceX did not try to land the rocket's first stage, reserving all its performance to deliver the heavy satellite on its way to an orbit more than 22,300 miles over the equator. The mission marked the “end of the beginning,” Pearce said, for Inmarsat’s new constellation, whose previous three satellites launched on Russian rockets from Kazakhstan. The satellite’s final location has not yet been determined. It is expected to move around, offering services from Europe to India. Those services could enable an airline passenger to watch a movie video on their phone or tablet, or complement the Department of Defense’s high-bandwidth satellite communications system. “You can go anywhere in world, and you’re still our customer,” said Pearce. “And you can do it on the move.” The Boeing-built satellite will grow Inmarsat’s fleet to 13 spacecraft, with a 14th expected to launch next month. The launch was the company’s first with SpaceX, whose lower-cost Falcon 9 rocket — advertised online for $62 million — have won back commercial satellite launches that had all but abandoned the United States until a few years ago. Although launches remain an expensive proposition, Pearce said it was “very welcome to have more competition and to drive down costs a bit.” And, he said, SpaceX is showing that it can handle adversity. The mission was SpaceX’s sixth of 2017, continuing its rebound from a Falcon 9 explosion last September during a launch pad test at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. That was the second failure by a Falcon 9 in just over a year, but SpaceX is back on pace to have its best year ever if it continues launching every two or three weeks as planned. “You see how strong the corporate culture is,” said Pearce. “I think in their recent troubles with the recent launch failures, they’ve dealt with that very openly, constructively, calmly … and that’s very comforting.” The Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 satellite before being encapsulated in the fairing of a SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket. Launch from Kennedy Space Center is targeted for 7:21 p.m. Monday.   (Photo: Inmarsat)   The mission for Inmarsat, which has a 200-person office in Palm Bay, Fla., set sail two weeks after a Falcon 9 launched a U.S. intelligence mission from the same pad, a relatively rapid turnaround. SpaceX’s next launch is targeted for June 1 from KSC. A Falcon 9 rocket and Dragon cargo capsule will attempt to deliver supplies to the International Space Station. And later in June, if schedules hold, SpaceX hopes to launch a Bulgarian satellite with a Falcon booster landed and recovered from a mission earlier this year. That would be SpaceX’s second launch of what it calls a “flight proven” rocket, demonstrating reusability that CEO Elon Musk believes over time will dramatically lower launch costs and open the door to the settlement of Mars. © 2017 USATODAY.COM CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS VERIFY: Is Hobby Lobby closing? Toddler rides in lap of driver on freeway Burn injuries at church school in Memorial President defends his use of classified info Not enough homes for animals in Houston Houston Congressman wants President Trump impeached Senators pass Sandra Bland Act Plea to find accused killer on the run GCSO: 10 arrested on felony drug charges at Middlelands festival Ransomware hack linked to North Korea More Stories Speeding wrecker drivers seen narrowly missing cars May 16, 2017, 11:11 p.m. 12 preschool kids hurt in flash fire in Bunker Hill May 16, 2017, 12:09 p.m. 2-year-old girl drowns at a SW Houston home May 16, 2017, 3:25 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Animals Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Home Politics Education Sports Community Columnists Angie Brown Bob Mount Bob Sanders Jody Fuller Hardy Jackson Meet the Columnists Opinions Editorial Board Letter to the Editor Calendar Obituaries Legals Weather Contact Us Search Opelika Spared, But Frigid Temps Remain Massive fire at abandoned textile mill on First Avenue Alabama Office Supply celebrates 70 years Ben Hand selected as one of Alabama’s 10 ‘Best Criminal Lawyers For Client Satisfaction’ Former Observer columnist honored as outstanding journalist Fire alert issued for Lee and surrounding counties Mayor, city council celebrate Character Day in Opelika Miles Thomas inducted into Alabama Pharmacy Hall of Fame 22nd biannual ‘Wine on the Tracks’ slated for Oct. 7 Restoring Ross Welcome to the new Opelika Observer website Wednesday, May 17, 2017 Sign in Welcome! Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. Opelika Observer Home Politics Education Sports Community Columnists Angie Brown Bob Mount Bob Sanders Jody Fuller Hardy Jackson Meet the Columnists Opinions Editorial Board Letter to the Editor Calendar Obituaries Legals Weather Contact Us Home Community Archangel Systems launches into new season of success Community Archangel Systems launches into new season of success By opelikaobserver - May 16, 2017 0 25 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Robert Noles/Opelika Observer By Hannah Lupas For the Observer The nation’s leader in progressing aerospace technology is located in Lee County. Opelika residents Drs. Michael and Katherine Greene are the CEO and CFO of Archangel Systems: an avionics technology development company. This PhD- wielding, married dynamic duo has managed Archangel together for 20 years now, witnessing turbulent times and prosperous ones. “I started the company for the worst possible reason,” Michael said, “because I was a pilot and wanted something better for planes.” This “worst possible reason” can only be seen as such by a man who has dedicated his professional life to the pursuit of avionics development and engineering. After receiving his doctorate in electrical engineering from Rice University, Greene went on to work for Auburn University’s department of electrical and computer engineering for 20 years. A pilot for more than 30 years, Michael said his ambition to pursue aviation was a lifelong passion. “When he was a boy, there was ‘Sky King,’” Katherine said, referring to the popular 1950s television series about a pilot cowboy who flew his two-engine monoplane across the Texas skyline. “I think that influenced every boy of his generation.” Though Michael is credited with founding Archangel in 1992, Katherine has no shortage of intellectual pursuits. Holding a doctorate in experimental psychology from the University of Alabama, she worked for Auburn in the psychology and education departments before moving to Archangel fulltime. The current president and CFO of the company, Katherine had no previous accounting experience before managing Archangel’s finances. “What you do is you make a lot of mistakes,” she explained, “but you never make them more than once. So you get to go on and make new ones. Any small business has to have people who are experts in a lot of different areas. You just have to keep pushing until you do it.” Despite all the hard-earned accounting experience, Katherine confessed that she sometimes misses the classroom. Michael’s attitude was a little more resolute.  “I taught for 30 years. I was ready to retire,” he confessed with a laugh. The Greenes and their multifaceted team of engineers, marketers, and production associates has been hard at work developing some of their most ground-breaking accomplishments to date. “Our most recent project was one from the U.S. Air Force, and it might be my favorite,” Michael said. “We had a prototype ready for them in eight weeks…that turnaround is unheard of.” The average amount of time a larger company might take to complete a similar project, the development of cabin altitude monitor that detects problems in air pressure before it becomes evident to the pilot, Greene explained, would take about a year. “It was fun working with the Air Force pilots,” Greene said. “They’re fun guys.” “What’s so funny about them,” Katherine cut in, “is that they all have pilot nicknames, like ‘Astro’ and ‘Worldbook.’ They’re like the Top Gun guys.” The Air Force pilots visited Archangel to view the production of their cabin altitude monitors. “But all they cared about was how they looked,” Michael said. “They were more concerned with their human element, their aesthetic.” On top of landing this monumental deal with the Air Force, Archangel Systems can boast of numerous accolades in the industry, including a project from Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency, that had them competing against major corporations like Boeing and The National Institute of Technology. “[Archangel] was the only group that demonstrated a working product at the end of the time given,” Michael said. But when asked what Archangel Systems’ greatest accomplishment is, the Greenes gave a humble reply: “Survival,” Michael Greene said. “In 2001, the bottom fell out of the aviation industry, and we almost fell out with it.” Archangel clearly learned to adapt, taking each challenge in stride, only advancing as a company and as a community with each passing year. “Larger companies have a lot more funds to develop [products] than we do,” Katherine said, “but we try to be very cost conscious. We have a really great staff here who works very hard. You don’t get lost in the bureaucracy like you do in big companies. Our biggest success has been…figuring out how to work with all these different agencies. Each client is different. It’s always a challenge.” The Greenes have made strides in the aviation community, but have also been hard at work contributing to the Opelika community where they reside. The couple has been renovating the former Smith T home (originally built in 1905 by John Smith T) for as long as they’ve lived there. “We’ve spent 35 years renovating it,” Katherine explained. Located in Opelika’s historic district , the refurbished home has been returned to its original, southern-classic, open concept glory, with high windows, deep red brick, and an additional free-standing garden room in the backyard. The Greenes are passionate about historic preservation, so it is no surprise the pair took to such a lofty, but well-done project. Though rooted in historic Opelika, Archangel Systems is located next door in Auburn. The modest office is decorated by local artwork, all chosen by Katherine. Two friendly golden retrievers roam the halls and work rooms, casually wagging past software and hardware production machines (some worth more than $125,000 each.) Though world-changing technologies pass through its doors each day, Archangel Systems holds a quiet elegance and professionalism that is bound to carry them even further. SHARE Facebook Twitter tweet Previous articleBroadband comes to rural Lee County Next articleSYNOPSIS OF ZONING NOTICE opelikaobserver RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Community Broadband comes to rural Lee County Community Opelika to host Memorial Day services May 29 Community Chiefs de-fang Cobras for eighth win Community OPD holds ceremony to recognize county’s fallen heroes Community Seventh annual Lardarius Webb football camp to be held June 1-3 at Opelika Sportsplex Community Lee County offers new alternative sentencing program for veterans LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Recent Posts NOTICE OF COURT PROCEEDING GUARDIAN/CONSERVATOR’S SETTLEMENT NOTICE NOTICE TO CREDITORS Advertisement for Bids NOTICE OF APPOINTMENT Recent Comments John McLaughlin on Ambulance issues: County commission revisits Smiths Station concerns Kristy Myers on Mitch Myers: a leader on and off diamond for the Bulldogs James H. Jones Jr. on The history of Bean’s Mill Welcome to EnvisionVR – Kate Stewart on Virtual reality arcade to open downtown bill carney on Opelika Main Street names Carla Nelson as new director Archives May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 Categories Alison James Ann Cipperly Bita Bullet Bob Mount Bob Sanders Cliff McCollum Column Community Editorial Board Education Events Featured Gillis Morgan Hardy Jackson Jody Fuller Karlene Turkington Legals Letter to the Editor Obituaries Opinions Politics Schools Slider Sports Steve Flowers Uncategorized Weather Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org The Opelika Observer is a news source owned and operated by local people for local people in Opelika. Founded in 2008 by a group of Opelika business leaders, the Opelika Observer's mission is to provide in-depth coverage of local news that matters to Opelika. Contact us: editor@opelikaobserver.com Disclaimer Privacy Contact Us © 2016 Opelika Observer MORE STORIES NOTICE OF COURT PROCEEDING May 16, 2017 GUARDIAN/CONSERVATOR’S SETTLEMENT NOTICE May 16, 2017 NOTICE TO CREDITORS May 16, 2017
Menu  Share  Search Subscribe Community Sites Stripes Japan Stripes Okinawa Stripes Korea Stripes Guam Stripes Europe Printshop Rewards Promotions Winners Rules Book Club About ⁄ Help Contact Reporters About Help Stripes Lite Store Classifieds Newsletters ePaper Apps Advertise Front Page Theaters U.S. Middle East Europe Pacific Africa Branches Army Navy Air Force Marine Corps Coast Guard Veterans Wounded Warriors Obituaries Jobs VA Loans Special Reports Stolen Valor Vietnam 50 History Vietnam at 50 Medal of Honor Heroes From the Archives Lifestyle Entertainment Video Games On the Move Education Special Publications Travel Europe Pacific U.S. Europe Traveler Blog Sports Europe Pacific Pacific Sports Blog U.S. Columns Opinion Blogs Letters Galleries  Share  Search Subscribe Email Print Reddit Tweet Share Google+ More Front Page Theaters Branches Veterans Special Reports History Lifestyle Travel Sports Columns Galleries U.S. Middle East Europe Pacific Africa See More Army Navy Air Force Marine Corps Coast Guard See More Wounded Warriors Obituaries Jobs VA Loans See More Stolen Valor Vietnam 50 See More Vietnam at 50 Medal of Honor Heroes From the Archives See More Entertainment Video Games On the Move Education Special Publications See More Europe Pacific U.S. Europe Traveler Blog See More Europe Europe Sports Blog Pacific Pacific Sports Blog U.S. See More Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters See More Home News U.S. Trump's Pentagon budget said to add ship, no planes, to Obama plan President Donald Trump speaks during a Mother's Day celebration event with military families on Friday, May 12, 2017 in the East Room of the White House in Washington, D.C. OLIVIER DOULIERY/ABACA PRESS/TNS  Email  Print  Reddit  Tweet  Share  Google  More By TONY CAPACCIO | Bloomberg | Published: May 16, 2017 President Donald Trump is expected to propose a $603 billion defense budget for the year beginning Oct. 1 that would add one warship but no more F-35 and Super Hornet jets than the Obama administration had projected, according to officials. While the Obama administration had anticipated buying eight ships in the coming year, Trump's budget would ask Congress to pay for nine, adding one DDG-51 Flight III destroyer built by General Dynamics Corp. and Huntington Ingalls Industries Inc. It also would buy enough Tomahawk cruise missiles made by Raytheon Corp. to keep the company's Tucson, Arizona, plant in operation. The fiscal 2018 proposal is something of a placeholder until the Pentagon completes a new National Defense Strategy that Defense Secretary Jim Mattis commissioned on February 1. It also doesn't reflect results of a pending review that Mattis requested in January -- in response to a Twitter posting by Trump -- to evaluate the cost and operational advantages of buying improved F/A-18E/F jets over the F-35C model designed for use on aircraft carriers, the officials said. The decisions from those reviews will be reflected in a five-year plan for fiscal 2019-2023. The proposed fiscal 2018 budget is about $18.5 billion, or 3.2 percent, larger than the comparable plan left by the Obama administration for fiscal 2018, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Research Service. "With just $18 billion in new spending penciled in," the Trump administration "is going to be pitching a paper buildup to the Congress," Katherine Blakeley, budget analyst for the nonpartisan Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments, said in an email. Republican Sen. John McCain, chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee, criticized an earlier outline of the defense budget plan as insufficient and vowed to push for more. The $603 billion includes funding for defense-related spending by the Energy and Justice departments. The Pentagon-only defense request is $574 billion, or about $17 billion more than the Obama administration planned for the year. In guidance in January, Mattis said the fiscal 2018 proposal would focus on rebuilding readiness, such as "buying more critical munitions" and funding facilities maintenance "at a higher rate" and "growing force structure at the maximum responsible rate." The plan to buy more Tomahawks is in line with that guidance. Raytheon has said it would need to produce 196 of the cruise missiles annually to keep the Arizona assembly line open. Obama's final defense budget ended Tomahawk production in favor of upgrading existing missiles and focusing on the next versions of long-range strike weapons. The Trump budget also would add funds to buy more precision-guided munitions from Lockheed, Boeing and Raytheon to be used in the fight against Islamic State terrorists. The U.S.-led coalition dropped 3,878 munitions in March, the most since the operation began in August 2014. The budget request's addition of one newer model Flight III destroyer falls short of the accelerated shipbuilding pace the Navy has said is needed to reach a fleet of about 350 ships, up from about 275 deployable today -- a goal endorsed by Trump during the campaign. In a February 9 white paper to Mattis, the Navy said it needs 29 vessels over those currently planned through 2021 to accelerate past the Obama administration plan of a 305-vessel fleet. The service had called for 12 vessels in fiscal 2018 instead of the nine being proposed. The $603 billion defense request is about $54 billion over spending caps established in the 2011 Budget Control Act. It proposes equivalent cuts in discretionary domestic spending to pay for the defense increase, an approach that congressional Democrats have vowed to fight. Trump's proposals for major cuts in domestic spending reflect priorities that "aren't necessarily ours," and he can expect a Republican-led Senate to make changes, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said in an interview Tuesday with Bloomberg News. "It will be a process of negotiation," the Kentucky Republican said. "We haven't paid a whole lot of attention to any president's budget since I've been here." While Trump has said his proposal will be one of the largest increases in history, "in seven of the past 40 years the budget increased by a larger amount year-over-year, and that is excluding war-related increases," Todd Harrison, a defense analyst with the nonpartisan Center for Strategic and International Studies, said in an email. "It comes on top of a budget that was already at a fairly high level by historical terms." "What he should be bragging about instead is that his budget would exceed the peak of the Reagan buildup even when adjusted for inflation," Harrison said. Bloomberg's Laura Litvan contributed article continues below  related articles Defense gets big boost in proposed bipartisan spending deal PACOM commander: Funding vital in face of North Korean threat Service chiefs offer images of dead soldiers, grounded planes without more funding in 2017  Email  Print  Reddit  Tweet  Share  Google  More 0 comments Join the conversation and share your voice!   from around the web more top news If shutdown needed to fix Washington, 'so be it,' Mulvaney says Trump backs away from demand for border wall money Navy opens clinic in Norfolk, letting sailors bypass 'nightmare' procedure for birth control Trump vowed to free Pakistani man who helped find bin Laden, but he's still in prison Small Minn. town about to get nation's first public Satanic Temple monument Federal agencies 'stuck' in staffing limbo news videos editors' picks Meet the Marines on the ground in Afghanistan US soldier killed in Hawaii training incident, another injured Nicholson meets downrange with jet crews, special forces trending read commented Army identifies soldier killed in Hawaii tractor-trailer crash Lawsuit: Police officer's decision not to shoot armed man cost him his job Missile Defense 101: N. Korea could hit with little warning Far East baseball - Day 3 Pentagon issued ‘bad paper’ discharges to tens of thousands of troops with mental health conditions stripes rewards Stripes Book Club follow us on: recent tweets Tweets by @starsandstripes Rewards Store Classifieds Newsletters ePaper Mobile Apps SUBSCRIBE: Digital Print © 2017 Stars and Stripes. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer Comment Policy Web Notices and Privacy Policy Accessibility ⁄ Section 508 Site Map Top
Menu  Share  Search Subscribe Community Sites Stripes Japan Stripes Okinawa Stripes Korea Stripes Guam Stripes Europe Printshop Rewards Promotions Winners Rules Book Club About ⁄ Help Contact Reporters About Help Stripes Lite Store Classifieds Newsletters ePaper Apps Advertise Front Page Theaters U.S. Middle East Europe Pacific Africa Branches Army Navy Air Force Marine Corps Coast Guard Veterans Wounded Warriors Obituaries Jobs VA Loans Special Reports Stolen Valor Vietnam 50 History Vietnam at 50 Medal of Honor Heroes From the Archives Lifestyle Entertainment Video Games On the Move Education Special Publications Travel Europe Pacific U.S. Europe Traveler Blog Sports Europe Pacific Pacific Sports Blog U.S. Columns Opinion Blogs Letters Galleries  Share  Search Subscribe Email Print Reddit Tweet Share Google+ More Front Page Theaters Branches Veterans Special Reports History Lifestyle Travel Sports Columns Galleries U.S. Middle East Europe Pacific Africa See More Army Navy Air Force Marine Corps Coast Guard See More Wounded Warriors Obituaries Jobs VA Loans See More Stolen Valor Vietnam 50 See More Vietnam at 50 Medal of Honor Heroes From the Archives See More Entertainment Video Games On the Move Education Special Publications See More Europe Pacific U.S. Europe Traveler Blog See More Europe Europe Sports Blog Pacific Pacific Sports Blog U.S. See More Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters See More Home Lighter-weight pilots can now fly Air Force F-35A after ejection seat, helmet fixes F-35A pilot Lt. Col. Brad Klemesrud prepares for takeoff during a Red Flag mission at Nellis Air Force Base, Nev., on Feb. 2, 2017. The Air Force on Monday announced that it had lifted the weight restriction preventing F-35A pilots weighing less than 136 pounds from flying the aircraft. Fixes have been made to the aircraft's ejection seat and helmet reduce the high risk of severe neck injury to lighter-weight pilots. BRYAN MAGANA/U.S. AIR FORCE  Email  Print  Reddit  Tweet  Share  Google  More By JENNIFER H. SVAN | STARS AND STRIPES Published: May 16, 2017 KAISERSLAUTERN, Germany — Modifications to the F-35A Lightning II’s ejection seat and helmet mean pilots weighing less than 136 pounds will no longer be restricted from flying the aircraft. The Air Force announced the change Monday, saying that rigorous testing was done to ensure the joint strike fighter’s pilot escape system was reliable and safe “across all pilot weights.” “I’ve flown in this seat myself and believe, with these modifications, this is the safest ejection seat I’ve ever flown,” Brig. Gen. Scott L. Pleus, the F-35 Integration Office director, said in a statement. The restriction was imposed in 2015 because of concerns that F-35 pilots who weigh less than 136 pounds were at high risk of severe or potentially fatal neck injuries while being ejected from the aircraft. The Defense Department requires that the seat — designed by Martin-Baker — accommodate pilots weighing between 103 and 245 pounds. The Air Force in a statement Monday said fixes were made to the seat and the helmet. A new switch on the seat slightly delays parachute deployment at high speeds and decreases the load on lighter-weight pilots, the service said. A head support panel was added to the parachute to prevent the pilot’s head from moving backward during an ejection. The weight of the helmet was reduced by using less internal strapping material and removing an additional external visor, the Air Force said. The helmet — produced by Rockwell Collins — dropped from 5.1 to 4.6 pounds, according to Defense News. One F-35A pilot was reportedly prevented from flying the aircraft because of the weight restriction, the Air Force said in 2015. Lockheed Martin’s troubled fifth-generation jet — the most expensive and one of the most controversial weapons contracts in military history — has been criticized for cost overruns and performance shortfalls. President Donald Trump has described the program as “out of control” and has asked Boeing to offer a price for the F-18 Super Hornet, a much older design, as a possible alternative. The new ejections seats are already being retrofitted into the existing F-35 fleet, and the lightweight helmets are in pre-production, the Air Force said. The service has received more than 100 F-35As to date. More than 400 pilots are trained to fly the aircraft. Eight F-35As from Hill Air Force Base, Utah, recently completed the aircraft’s first training deployment to Europe. svan.jennifer@stripes.com   article continues below  related articles F-35 director: Heavy helmet causing ejection dangers Air Force deploys F-35 fighters for training in Europe  Email  Print  Reddit  Tweet  Share  Google  More 0 comments Join the conversation and share your voice!   from around the web more top news China launches first domestically made aircraft carrier Gate closures to continue at Marine bases on Okinawa Boy who crossed into US illegally is now a lieutenant colonel New security requirements for visitors to Beale Air Force Base Pentagon can set troop levels in Iraq, Syria without White House approval Sabers rattle amid Korean standoff, White House to brief senators news videos trending read commented Army identifies soldier killed in Hawaii tractor-trailer crash Lawsuit: Police officer's decision not to shoot armed man cost him his job Missile Defense 101: N. Korea could hit with little warning Far East baseball - Day 3 Pentagon issued ‘bad paper’ discharges to tens of thousands of troops with mental health conditions stripes rewards Stripes Book Club today's epaper follow us on: recent tweets Tweets by @starsandstripes see more special publications What's Up Rhein Main Published Welcome to the Pacific Published Transition Guide Published Best of the Pacific Published Rewards Store Classifieds Newsletters ePaper Mobile Apps SUBSCRIBE: Digital Print © 2017 Stars and Stripes. All Rights Reserved. Disclaimer Comment Policy Web Notices and Privacy Policy Accessibility ⁄ Section 508 Site Map Top
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:19pm Wed 17 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox France's ATR delivers first planes to Iran as trade grows 6:25 AM Wednesday May 17, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World PARIS (AP) " European plane maker ATR is delivering small passenger jets to Iran, the latest big-budget deal to emerge in the wake of Iran's 2015 nuclear accord with world powers that ended years of sanctions. The first four ATR 72-600s were handed over to Iran Air in a ceremony Tuesday in Toulouse in southern France, where ATR is based. Iran Air finalized a deal last month with ATR for 20 twin-propeller aircraft, with an option to buy 20 more. The planes are worth $536 million at list prices though customers usually negotiate discounts. Iran has struck several large jet deals since last year, including with Boeing Co. and Airbus, though analysts have questioned whether there is demand for so many planes. Iran's population of 80 million people represents a large potential market. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Kevin Page: Parking up the wrong street Awkward encounters and parking woes, writes Kevin Page Hawke's Bay Today Henare beyond budget, say Hawks Fiscal sense must prevail in Paul Henare's offer says Hawks board chairman Keith Price… Bay of Plenty Times One injured in Paengaroa crash Two cars collided at the intersection of State Highway 2 and Wilson Road this afternoon… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Waikato's Josiah Natzke may be 'the next big thing' At the age of just 15 years, Natze become New Zealand's youngest ever senior motocross… Viva Win a Mercedes-Benz roadster for the weekend Plus lunch at The Tasting Shed with Harman Grubisa True Commercial Green star guides stakeholders Green Star-rated buildings help companies attract high-calibre staff and reduce worker… More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 17 May 2017 18:57:11 Processing Time: 73ms
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman NASA Langley Receives Top Honors at AIAA Awards Banquet WASHINGTON, May 16, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — NASA had a stellar night during the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) annual Aerospace Spotlight Awards Gala in Washington, D.C. May 3. NASA’s Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia, was honored with the 2017 AIAA Foundation Award for Excellence as recognition for its „100 years of excellence in aerospace achievements, scientific discoveries, and technological breakthroughs.” The selection committee recognized the center as the nation’s first civilian aeronautical research facility specifically designed to study the problems of flight, calling attention to many of the center’s many firsts. For images, go to https://www.nasa.gov/press-release/nasa-langley-receives-top-honors-at-aiaa-awards-banquet The facility played a critical role in the early years shaping the nation’s aerospace industry. It pioneered and developed variable density, full-scale, transonic, supersonic and hypersonic wind tunnels; low-drag, streamlined engine cowlings; airfoil characterization, as well as laminar-flow and supercritical wing designs still in use on aircraft today; the swept back wing; the „transonic area-rule;” winglets; and the „blunt-body” concept that is instrumental to our nation’s space and missile programs. David Bowles, Langley’s director, accepted the award on behalf of the center’s 3,600 civil service and contract employees at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center. The AIAA also honored William Gerstenmaier, associate administrator for NASA’s Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate and an AIAA Honorary Fellow, with the 2017 Goddard Astronautics Award for his leadership of America’s human spaceflight program, commitment to international space cooperation, and his work inspiring a new generation of space explorers. Gerstenmaier’s nomination write-up called attention to his instrumental leadership in the success of the space shuttle and International Space Station programs, and his continuing work in supporting private sector development in human spaceflight. The Goddard Astronautics Award is the highest honor that AIAA bestows for notable achievements in the field of astronautics. It was endowed by Mrs. Goddard to commemorate her husband, Robert H. Goddard – rocket visionary, pioneer, bold experimentalist, and superb engineer, whose early liquid rocket engine launches set the stage for the development of astronautics. The AIAA also presented their International Cooperation Award to three individuals for their „vision, leadership, and implementation of the NASA Common Research Model (CRM) advancing United States and international aeronautical research collaboration on industry-relevant challenges in open forums.” Richard Wahls, strategic technical advisor, Advanced Air Vehicles Program under NASA’s Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate; Melissa Rivers, research aerospace engineer, Research Directorate at NASA Langley; and John Vassberg, Boeing Technical Fellow, and technical lead, BCA Advanced Concepts/Design Center, The Boeing Company, developed NASA’s Common Research Model to meet the international aerospace community’s need for a modern, industry-relevant research model that could accommodate open and public geometries, process advanced experimental data, and serve as an international standard for wind tunnel testing model that supports comparisons between facilities. The AIAA confers its International Cooperation Award to those who have made significant contributions to the initiation, organization, implementation and/or management of activities with significant United States involvement that includes extensive international cooperative activities in space, aeronautics or both.   SOURCE NASA CategoriesUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious International Wholesale Carriers – New Business Models & Growth Drivers in the Digital Transformation Era Next PostNext Ron Simon & Associates Files Salmonella Lawsuit Against the Boise Co-Op As Statute of Limitations Approaches Search Recent Posts Xanthotoxol (CAS 2009-24-7) Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 2017 Otis Report on the Creative Economy to be Released On May 18 DNA Polymerase Beta Market: DNA Polymerase Beta industry expected to grow in upcoming years over the forecast period 2021 Aaron’s Names Michael Jarnagin President of Woodhaven Furniture Industries Students, Schools Win Scholarships, Grants at Goodyear’s 19th Annual STEM Career Day RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman NASA Langley Receives Top Honors at AIAA Awards Banquet WASHINGTON, May 16, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- NASA had a stellar night during the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA) annual Aerospace Spotlight Awards Gala in Washington, D.C. May 3. NASA's Langley Research Center in Hampton, Virginia, was honored with the 2017 AIAA Foundation Award for Excellence as recognition for its "100 years of excellence in aerospace achievements, scientific discoveries, and technological breakthroughs." The selection committee recognized the center as the nation's first civilian aeronautical research facility specifically designed to study the problems of flight, calling attention to many of the center's many firsts. For images, go to https://www.nasa.gov/press-release/nasa-langley-receives-top-honors-at-aiaa-awards-banquet The facility played a critical role in the early years shaping the nation's aerospace industry. It pioneered and developed variable density, full-scale, transonic, supersonic and hypersonic wind tunnels; low-drag, streamlined engine cowlings; airfoil characterization, as well as laminar-flow and supercritical wing designs still in use on aircraft today; the swept back wing; the "transonic area-rule;" winglets; and the "blunt-body" concept that is instrumental to our nation's space and missile programs. David Bowles, Langley's director, accepted the award on behalf of the center's 3,600 civil service and contract employees at the Ronald Reagan Building and International Trade Center. The AIAA also honored William Gerstenmaier, associate administrator for NASA's Human Exploration and Operations Mission Directorate and an AIAA Honorary Fellow, with the 2017 Goddard Astronautics Award for his leadership of America's human spaceflight program, commitment to international space cooperation, and his work inspiring a new generation of space explorers. Gerstenmaier's nomination write-up called attention to his instrumental leadership in the success of the space shuttle and International Space Station programs, and his continuing work in supporting private sector development in human spaceflight. The Goddard Astronautics Award is the highest honor that AIAA bestows for notable achievements in the field of astronautics. It was endowed by Mrs. Goddard to commemorate her husband, Robert H. Goddard – rocket visionary, pioneer, bold experimentalist, and superb engineer, whose early liquid rocket engine launches set the stage for the development of astronautics. The AIAA also presented their International Cooperation Award to three individuals for their "vision, leadership, and implementation of the NASA Common Research Model (CRM) advancing United States and international aeronautical research collaboration on industry-relevant challenges in open forums." Richard Wahls, strategic technical advisor, Advanced Air Vehicles Program under NASA's Aeronautics Research Mission Directorate; Melissa Rivers, research aerospace engineer, Research Directorate at NASA Langley; and John Vassberg, Boeing Technical Fellow, and technical lead, BCA Advanced Concepts/Design Center, The Boeing Company, developed NASA's Common Research Model to meet the international aerospace community's need for a modern, industry-relevant research model that could accommodate open and public geometries, process advanced experimental data, and serve as an international standard for wind tunnel testing model that supports comparisons between facilities. The AIAA confers its International Cooperation Award to those who have made significant contributions to the initiation, organization, implementation and/or management of activities with significant United States involvement that includes extensive international cooperative activities in space, aeronautics or both.   SOURCE NASA CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Awards, Computer/ Electronics, Federal Executive Branch, Agency News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Benson Talks Tips about the Choice of Diverse razor intelligent electric scooter from Airwheel Next PostNext Global Air Quality Monitoring Equipment Market To Reach US$ 9.5 Bn By 2025 – Credence Research Search Recent Posts Surfactants used in Agrochemical Market 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast 2021 Polyester Staple Fiber Market Production, Consumption, Export and Import, Revenue, Price Trend by Type, Analysis by 2022 Turnstile Gates & Access Control Market Size, Sales, Growth Drivers, Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2022 PTFE Mesh Belts Market Outlook – Latest Development and Market Trends 2017-2021 Prewired Flexible Conduit Market 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast 2021 RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > ReportsWeb.com Tweet   Military Aerial Refueling Tanker Market 2017 Trend, Growth and Forecast to 2021 ReportsWeb.com published Military Aerial Refueling Tanker Market from its database. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, May 16, 2017 ) Military aerial refueling (also called air-to-air refueling) is the process of pumping aviation fuel from a military tanker to another military air platform during the flight. This process allows the receiving aircraft to remain airborne for a longer duration, supplementing the mission effectiveness. Owing to the growing investments in developing long-range aircraft, the importance of maintaining sturdy fleets of aerial refueling tankers has revived its importance among the defense ministries of many countries across the globe. Publisher's analysts forecast the global military aerial refueling tanker market to grow at a CAGR of 7.83% during the period 2017-2021. For more information about this report: http://www.reportsweb.com/global-military-aerial-refueling-tanker-market-2017-2021 . Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global military aerial refueling tanker market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated in the overall market from the procurement of new aerial refueling tankers, funding for sustainment, and modernization of existing military refueling tankers. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: - Americas - APAC - EMEA Publisher's report, Global Military Aerial Refueling Tanker Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors - Airbus - Boeing - Embraer - Ilyushin Aviation Complex - Lockheed Martin Request Sample Copy at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001685322/sample . Other prominent vendors - AIROD - Israel Aerospace Industries (IAI) - Xi'an Aircraft Industry Market driver - Emergence of multirole aircraft tankers - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge - Design and development-related constraints - For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend - Growing acceptance of FBW boom system - For a full, detailed list, view our report Inquire for Report at http://www.reportsweb.com/inquiry&RW0001685322/buying . Contact Information: ReportsWeb.com Priya Sisodia Tel: +1-646-491-9876 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds Autos Get the car you’ve always wanted Property Your ideal home is within easy reach Jobs The next step in your career Classifieds Finding, buying & selling made easy Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES SOCIETY May 17, 2017 | Last updated 7 minutes ago 24KGold-- 11Events innext 7 days usd----   Hot Topics: IPL Business Podcast UAE holidays Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE Courts5 Crime4 Weather Society7 Health3 Health Matters In Mind top stories in Health Dh180m medical centre to offer radiosurgery School raises Dh300,000 for cancer-hit boy Dubai chefs asked to reduce salt, oil in food Transport Emergencies2 More20 Culture1 Education5 Environment4 Government10 Leisure1 Media1 Property Tourism1 top stories in More UAE successfully teaching tolerance: Al Zaabi Dubai has 16 ‘outstanding' schools Dubai students with special needs doing well Courts & Crime Education Life & Style News Pictures Sport 3 News UAE33 Courts5 Crime4 Education5 Emergencies2 Environment4 Government10 Health3 Culture1 Property Leisure1 Media1 Society7 Tourism1 Transport Weather More20 General top stories in UAE UAE successfully teaching tolerance: Al Zaabi Dubai has 16 ‘outstanding' schools Dubai students with special needs doing well Gulf5 Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia3 Yemen2 top stories in Gulf UAE supports Yemen health sector with Dh502m Shortages, unpaid wages cripple health system SR50,000 reward for reporting illegal expats Mena10 Algeria Djibouti Egypt Eritrea Iran1 Iraq1 Jordan Lebanon Libya Mauritania Morocco Palestine5 Somalia South Sudan Sudan Syria2 Tunisia Turkey top stories in Mena Top US diplomat for ME to retire Iraqi troops advances in Mosul Turkish opposition urges Trump to prod Erdogan Europe10 UK6 Germany1 France1 Italy Spain Netherlands Switzerland1 Russia Other1 top stories in Europe Spectacular diamond earrings sell for $57.4m UK's NHS gets back to normal after cyber attack Macron wins Merkel backing over Europe Africa2 South Africa Nigeria1 Kenya Other top stories in Africa Red Cross employees abducted in Mali freed Highway threatens Nigeria’s tropical rainforest UN warns death toll in CAR could reach 30 Asia24 Afghanistan Australia3 India8 Pakistan5 Philippines1 Sri Lanka Bangladesh China1 Japan North Korea3 South Korea Nepal Other top stories in Asia South Korea, US to hold summit in June North Korea ‘takes leap with missile test’ Sindh paid Rs231m to nine private lawyers Americas12 USA9 Canada1 Mexico1 Brazil Argentina Other top stories in Americas Did Trump ask FBI to halt Russia probe? Did Trump commit a crime under US law? White House locked down in security breach Offbeat Courts & Crime Education Life & Style News Pictures Sport 3 Business Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Mohammad’s US visit comes at a crucial time UAE leader emphasises Washington’s role in regional stability Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed on Tuesday held talks with Rex Tillerson, US Secretary of State.Image Credit: WAM Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed is received by Donald Trump prior to a meeting at the White House. Image Credit: WAM‹› Published: 17:58 May 16, 2017 Samir Salama, Associate Editor   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE Abu Dhabi: His Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces, had talks on Monday with US President Donald Trump at the White House, dealing with means to boost security partnership and combat terrorism. The leaders reaffirmed the close UAE-US security partnership and commitment to intensify the fight against extremism. They also discussed responses to Iran’s destabilising interference in the affairs of regional states. The two nations enjoy deep-rooted ties, with the US becoming the third country to establish formal diplomatic relations with the UAE in 1971. A year later, the US Embassy was established in Abu Dhabi, while the UAE established its embassy in Washington, DC in 1974. The UAE-US talks come days ahead of Trump’s trip to Riyadh where he will meet Saudi and other GCC leaders and heads of states from many Muslim countries, his first foreign visit since entering the White House and a powerful signal to the Islamic world. In his meeting with Trump, Shaikh Mohammad commended the US president for taking the lead to engage and strengthen America’s relationship with its key regional partners and for his assertive approach against extremism and aggression. Shaikh Mohammad highlighted joint UAE-US efforts to promote religious and ethnic tolerance, to combat terrorist ideology and to disrupt illicit funding. In 2006, the US-UAE Joint Terrorist Financing Coordinating Committee (JTFCC) was launched to address issues of shared concern including cash couriers, charities and hawala and their involvement in the financing of terrorism. President Trump and Shaikh Mohammad jointly reaffirmed the UAE’s importance as a model of regional stability, progress, and openness in the Middle East. The leaders discussed a positive agenda for the region’s future with greater opportunities for young people, new emphasis on innovation and entrepreneurship, and advancing the position of women in all areas. Related Links Experts hail Mohammad-Trump talks What Mohammad said to Donald Trump Shaikh Mohammad emphasised the critical US role in strengthening regional stability. He recognised Trump’s efforts to explore new paths to improved Palestinian-Israeli relations. Shaikh Mohammad noted and encouraged greater collective efforts towards peace and stability in Libya, Yemen and Syria. He stressed the need for coordinated and expanded assistance to meet the growing humanitarian challenges resulting from conflict and food shortages throughout the region. Shaikh Mohammad and President Trump also discussed the importance of the expanding bilateral UAE-US trade and investment relationship, which supports economic growth and prosperity in both countries. In 2016, the US had a $19-billion trade surplus with the UAE, the US’s third-largest globally. Supporting hundreds of thousands of American jobs, the UAE remains the US’s largest export market in the Middle East and North Africa region, a position it has held for eight consecutive years. The UAE is one of the largest foreign military sales customers of the US, purchasing more than $20 billion in US defence hardware and services over the past decade, including one of the world’s largest non-US F-16 fleets. More than 1,500 US firms have a presence in the UAE. Major global companies — such as Lockheed Martin, General Electric, Boeing, Northrop Grumman, FedEx and Halliburton — base their regional headquarters in Abu Dhabi or Dubai. The UAE investments in the US support hundreds of thousands of American jobs and provide liquidity to capital markets that spur innovation and advancements across several sectors, such as a $6-billion investment in GlobalFoundries, the second-largest semiconductor chip maker in the world. The leaders expressed their desire to deepen already close bilateral relations between the UAE and the US in the coming years. Shaikh Mohammad thanked the president for America’s support of the UAE’s space programme, highlighted the many successful UAE-US initiatives in education, the arts, health care, and technology, and formally invited US participation at Expo 2020 in Dubai. Shaikh Mohammad conveyed to President Trump the greetings of UAE President His Highness Shaikh Khalifa Bin Zayed Al Nahyan and his wishes of further progress and prosperity to the people of the United States. President Trump asked Shaikh Mohammad to pass on his greetings to Shaikh Khalifa. Later in the day, Shaikh Mohammad met with US Secretary of Defence James Mattis and marked the signing of a new Defence Cooperation Agreement. The Crown Prince and Defence Secretary Mattis reviewed ongoing joint operations and planning to defeat Al Qaida in the Arabian Peninsula, Al Shabab, Daesh and other terrorist groups in the region. The defence secretary and Shaikh Mohammad also shared assessments of Iran’s increasingly aggressive behaviour, including continued development of ballistic missiles, illicit supply of weapons to its regional proxies, and harassing naval activities in the Gulf. Shaikh Mohammad’s two-day visit to Washington, DC, also involved discussions with US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Congressional leaders. The ties between the UAE and US are deep rooted in shared interests and common values. Together, the two countries are working to promote regional security, create economic prosperity, and address pressing global challenges. The official delegation accompanying Shaikh Mohammad included Shaikh Tahnoun Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, National Security Adviser; Shaikh Abdullah Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Minister of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation; Khaldoon Al Mubarak, Chairman of the Abu Dhabi Executive Affairs Authority; Mohammad Al Mazroui, Undersecretary of the Abu Dhabi Crown Prince’s Court; Ali Al Shamsi, Deputy Secretary-General of the Supreme National Security Council; Lt-General Eisa Al Mazroui, Deputy Chief of Staff of the UAE Armed Forces; and Yousuf Al Otaiba, UAE Ambassador to the United States. Mohammad Bin Zayed holds talks with Tillerson The UAE and the United States on Tuesday underlined the importance of supporting international efforts to restore security and peace in the Middle East region. This came about as His Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Zayed Al Nahyan, Crown Prince of Abu Dhabi and Deputy Supreme Commander of the UAE Armed Forces, held talks with Rex Tillerson, US Secretary of State, and discussed ways to enhance cooperation and ties in the best interests of both nations. Shaikh Mohammad and Tillerson discussed the latest regional and international developments with a focus on the current situation in Syria, Yemen and Libya and the diplomatic ideas and solutions to the crises in these countries. The leaders exchanged views on threats and challenges faced by the Middle East, undermining peace and stability in the region. Shaikh Mohammad and Tillerson highlighted international community’s efforts in fighting terrorism, extremism and violence, as well as UAE-US coordination in the fight against terrorism. The meeting dealt with UAE-US partnership and their commitment to intensify efforts to combat terrorist and extremist organisations. Later in the day, Shaikh Mohammad visited the Capitol where he met a number of the members of the House of Representatives and Senate. -- WAM More from Society Injured cat to get a new lease of life Dubai Lamp bags Ideas Arabia award Mohammad’s US visit comes at a crucial time Timeline of UAE-US ties and affinity Night swimming to be allowed in Dubai? 25 ordered to do community service since March Dubai chefs asked to reduce salt, oil in food Emirati youth form new council in US tags from this storySyria follow this tag on MGNIran follow this tag on MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGNYemen follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNUnited States follow this tag on MGNDubai follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsNewsUAESociety tagsSyria follow this tag on MGN+ MGNIran follow this tag on MGN+ MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGN+ MGNYemen follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In SocietyInjured cat to get a new lease of life Follow us Most Popular ViewedCommentedVideosPictures 01Salt: Silent killer, or body's friend? 02Will UAE food import ban affect Ramadan? 03Motorbikes banned in parts of Dubai 01Will UAE food import ban affect Ramadan? Play Family day at Dubai fertility treatment centre May 15, 2017 Play Think Science displays projects by UAE students Apr 20, 2017 Play Chronic parking space shortage in Gold Souq Apr 09, 2017 Play Global Village breaks language barriers Mar 22, 2017 10Images Mohammad Bin Zayed at the White House May 16, 2017 8Images Malaysia seizes 330 exotic tortoises May 16, 2017 10Images Pics: North Korea’s latest missile launch May 16, 2017 8Images Horsepower duel: Ferrari vs Roman chariot May 12, 2017 UAE: Weather today today-weatherDubaiAbu DhabiSharjahAl AinRas Al KhaimahUmm Al QuwainFujairahMedina Zayed weather-volume Celcius Fahrenheit Latest User Comments Gabor Salamon wrote: A pleasure to hear reaffirmation of the strength of the relationship. In Response To:What Mohammad said to Donald Trump Sanjeev Nanda wrote: A good step by the government indeed. There are lots of other countries from where the imports can h... In Response To:Will UAE food import ban affect Ramadan? Aariclabs wrote: I have noticed very rash driving teenagers at Fujairah Cornish. I don't think any of them have valid... In Response To:19-year old killed in horrific bike accident Most Popular on Gulf News Watch out: New UAE traffic fines soon How to get residence visa for parents What Mohammad said to Donald Trump Couple jailed for washroom hug and kiss Bad chicken taken off Dubai shelves No fine for drinking tea while driving: Police Dubai’s 3-day Super Sale begins on May 18 Why Abu Dhabi motorists won't have black points Cash-grabber arrested by Sharjah expats Close Recommended For You Did Trump commit a crime under US law?PUBLISHED ON May 17, 2017 6 killed in car bombs near Jordan-Syria borderPUBLISHED ON May 16, 2017 Couple jailed for washroom hug and kissPUBLISHED ON May 16, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2017. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Finalist Teams Selected for International Space Station STEM Competition - Winning Genes in Space student experiment to be performed aboard ISS BOSTON, May 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The Genes in SpaceTM science contest announced five finalists in the annual U.S. competition. 375 teams from grades seven through 12 proposed DNA analysis experiments to address real-life space exploration challenges. The winning experiment will be performed aboard the International Space Station (ISS). The five finalist teams will be mentored by scientists at Harvard University and MIT. The teams will present their proposals to a panel of scientists and educators at the 2017 ISS Research and Development Conference in Washington, D.C., July 17-20. The winning team will be announced at the conclusion of the conference and will participate in a space biology workshop to prepare their investigation. The team will watch their experiment launch to space.   Genes in SpaceTM promotes youth scientific engagement and DNA research in space. All proposals use miniPCR™ technology aboard the ISS. PCR is a method for making copies of a particular DNA sequence. The competition is a partnership between miniPCR, Math for America, CASIS, New England Biolabs®, and Boeing and is sponsored by FedEx. The first Genes in SpaceTM experiment by high-school student Anna-Sophia Boguraev was performed aboard the ISS in April of 2016 and was the first PCR experiment ever conducted in space. The second winner, Julian Rubinfien, is currently awaiting the return of his samples from space for analysis. The 2017 Finalists: Sophia Chen (14) from Lakeside School, Washington, aims to measure cancer-inducing genomic instability in astronauts.  Elizabeth Reizis (14) from Stuyvesant High School, New York, wants to assess the effects of microgravity on the immune system. Maxwell Allison (16) and Elena Li (16) from The Bronx High School of Science, New York, plan to investigate bone loss in microgravity. Divya Aggarwal (15) and Priyanka Pulvender (15) from Troy High School, Michigan, aim to study heart remodeling in astronauts. Tanmay Srinivasan (15) and Ayush Krishnamoorti (14) from The Kinkaid School, Texas, hope to uncover the genetic basis of hypoxia during long space missions. For more information about the Genes in SpaceTM competition, Finalists, and other awardees, visit: www.genesinspace.org. Media contacts: miniPCR: Emily Gleason, genesinspace@minipcr.com, 781-990-8727 Math for America: Scott Woodson, woodson@mathforamerica.org, 646-437-0944 Boeing: Kelly Kaplan, kelly.g.kaplan@boeing.com, 281-226-4367 CASIS: Patrick O'Neill, poneill@iss-casis.org, 321-480-1054 New England Biolabs: Deana Martin, martin@neb.com, 978-380-7464 SOURCE Genes in Space CategoriesUncategorized TagsEducation Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Life Science Analytics Market: Scalar Market Research Next PostNext Investor Network: Fifth Street Asset Management, Inc. to Host Earnings Call Search Recent Posts Scott+Scott, Attorneys at Law, LLP Announces Investigation of Kadmon Holdings Inc. (KDMN) LD Micro Invitational (Three Weeks Away) HUD Secretary Carson Highlights Possible Improvements to Homeownership Programs Nguyen Vietnamese Royal Family treasures being sold this week at auction Global Vinyl Acetate Market to Grow at a CAGR of 5.32% by 2021 – Rising Industrialization in APAC Leading to Demand for Vinyl Acetate – Research and Markets RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
France's ATR delivers first planes to Iran as trade grows - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge, Louisiana News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME TRAFFIC MAPS/CAMERAS Hourly Forecast Information Contact Us WBXH-TV Editorials NEWS Local News Investigators Slideshows Regional News National News Crime Stoppers Health Power of 9 Hand It On Entertainment News Heart of Louisiana Video Links Mentioned 9News This Morning Anchors and Reporters WEATHER Interactive Radar Hourly Forecast Information Satellite Images Color the Weather Get a Game Plan SPORTS NFL Draft 2017 LSU Sports Headlines SU Headlines Saints Headlines Pelicans Headlines 2016 Warrick Dunn Award Traffic Investigators The Investigators: Caught Red Handed: Inmate escapes caught on surveillance WAFB wins Murrow Award for Investigative Reporting VIDEO Louisiana Weekend Lagniappe Contests Slideshows Take A Road Trip Double Day Stirrin It Up Recipes Recipe Calendars About Programming The WAFB 9News Mobile Apps 9News Internships Contact WAFB Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File WAFB EEO File Advertise on the WAFB Network WAFB Jobs Grow Your Business France's ATR delivers first planes to Iran as trade grows 2017-05-16T10:42:26Z2017-05-16T10:42:26Z PARIS (AP) - European plane maker ATR is delivering small passenger jets to Iran, the latest big-budget deal to emerge in the wake of Iran's 2015 nuclear accord with world powers that ended years of sanctions. The first four ATR 72-600s were handed over to Iran Air in a ceremony Tuesday in Toulouse in southern France, where ATR is based. Iran Air finalized a deal last month with ATR for 20 twin-propeller aircraft, with an option to buy 20 more. The planes are worth $536 million at list prices though customers usually negotiate discounts. Iran has struck several large jet deals since last year, including with Boeing Co. and Airbus, though analysts have questioned whether there is demand for so many planes. Iran's population of 80 million people represents a large potential market. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> GOP runoff to replace SC's Mulvaney too close to call GOP runoff to replace SC's Mulvaney too close to call Posted: Wednesday, May 17 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-17 06:55:59 GMT Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-17 06:55:59 GMT The runoff election for the Republican GOP nomination to replace Mick Mulvaney in South Carolina's 5th District was too close to call, with the slightest or margins separating the contenders.More >> The runoff election for the Republican GOP nomination to replace Mick Mulvaney in South Carolina's 5th District was too close to call, with the slightest or margins separating the contenders.More >> Georgia carries out first execution of the year Georgia carries out first execution of the year Posted: Wednesday, May 17 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-17 06:55:49 GMT Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-17 06:55:49 GMT Georgia set to carry out its first execution this year in case of man convicted of murdering a 73-year-old neighbor.More >> Georgia set to carry out its first execution this year in case of man convicted of murdering a 73-year-old neighbor.More >> 2 dead after tornadoes hit Oklahoma, Wisconsin 2 dead after tornadoes hit Oklahoma, Wisconsin Posted: Wednesday, May 17 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-17 06:55:36 GMT Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-17 06:55:36 GMT At least 20 people were injured when a tornado hit a mobile home park Tuesday near a small town in western Wisconsin, Barron County Sheriff Chris Fitzgerald said. (Source: Raycom Media) A local sheriff says at least 20 people have been injured when a tornado hit a mobile home park Tuesday near a small town in western Wisconsin. More >> A local sheriff says at least 20 people have been injured when a tornado hit a mobile home park Tuesday near a small town in western Wisconsin.More >> A history of Ringling Bros. circus, soon to close forever A history of Ringling Bros. circus, soon to close forever Posted: Wednesday, May 17 2017 2:31 AM EDT2017-05-17 06:31:00 GMT Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 2:31 AM EDT2017-05-17 06:31:00 GMT A history of Ringling Bros. circus, soon to close forever.More >> A history of Ringling Bros. circus, soon to close forever.More >> New Alaska handbook provides how-to on heated greenhouses New Alaska handbook provides how-to on heated greenhouses Posted: Wednesday, May 17 2017 2:29 AM EDT2017-05-17 06:29:50 GMT Updated: Wednesday, May 17 2017 2:29 AM EDT2017-05-17 06:29:50 GMT Alaska has released a handbook that shows schools and community groups how to build greenhouses heated with a plentiful local resource: wood.More >> Alaska has released a handbook that shows schools and community groups how to build greenhouses heated with a plentiful local resource: wood.More >>    AP National News VideoMore>> Immigrant leaves Denver church after winning delay from feds Immigrant leaves Denver church after winning delay from feds A Mexican immigrant who has been living in a Denver church to avoid deportation plans to left Friday after supporters say officials granted her a two-year reprieve More >> A Mexican immigrant who has been living in a Denver church to avoid deportation plans to left Friday after supporters say officials granted her a two-year reprieveMore >> Banished Brutalism: Death knells abound for building style Banished Brutalism: Death knells abound for building style Brutalist-style buildings are being declared eyesores and slated for demolition in cities around the world More >> Brutalist-style buildings are being declared eyesores and slated for demolition in cities around the worldMore >> Acting FBI head undercuts White House claims on Comey, probe Acting FBI head undercuts White House claims on Comey, probe Acting director of the FBI has undermined White House explanations for the firing of his boss More >> Acting director of the FBI has undermined White House explanations for the firing of his bossMore >> Acting FBI chief contradicts White House on Comey firing Acting FBI chief contradicts White House on Comey firing Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is piece-by-piece undermining the White House's most recent explanations about the firing of FBI Director James Comey during testimony before a Senate committee Thursday More >> Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe is piece-by-piece undermining the White House's most recent explanations about the firing of FBI Director James Comey during testimony before a Senate committee ThursdayMore >> Video shows San Bernardino shooter calmly entering school Video shows San Bernardino shooter calmly entering school Police have released surveillance video that shows a gunman calmly walking into a San Bernardino elementary school minutes before he opened fire in a classroom, killing his estranged wife and an 8-year-old boy More >> Police have released surveillance video that shows a gunman calmly walking into a San Bernardino elementary school minutes before he opened fire in a classroom, killing his estranged wife and an 8-year-old boyMore >> Officials from Arctic nations meet amid drilling concerns Officials from Arctic nations meet amid drilling concerns Officials from the world's eight Arctic nations will meet in Alaska amid concerns about the sensitive region after President Trump called for more oil drilling and development. More >> Officials from the world's eight Arctic nations will meet in Alaska amid concerns about the sensitive region after President Trump called for more oil drilling and development.More >> Tunnel collapse renews safety concerns about nuclear sites Tunnel collapse renews safety concerns about nuclear sites The collapse of a tunnel containing radioactive waste at the Hanford nuclear weapons complex underscored what critics have long been saying: The toxic remnants of the Cold War are being stored in haphazard and unsafe conditions around the country More >> The collapse of a tunnel containing radioactive waste at the Hanford nuclear weapons complex underscored what critics have long been saying: The toxic remnants of the Cold War are being stored in haphazard and unsafe conditions around the countryMore >> Reporter arrested while trying to question Cabinet member Reporter arrested while trying to question Cabinet member Police in West Virginia's Capitol have arrested a journalist who they said was trying "aggressively" to get past Secret Service agents and yelling questions at U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price More >> Police in West Virginia's Capitol have arrested a journalist who they said was trying "aggressively" to get past Secret Service agents and yelling questions at U.S. Health and Human Services Secretary Tom PriceMore >> Trump hosts Russian foreign minister, envoy at White House Trump hosts Russian foreign minister, envoy at White House President Donald Trump has welcomed Vladimir Putin's top diplomat to the White House for Trump's highest level face-to-face contact with a Russian government official since he took office in January. More >> President Donald Trump has welcomed Vladimir Putin's top diplomat to the White House for Trump's highest level face-to-face contact with a Russian government official since he took office in January.More >> Trump defends Comey firing, says both parties will thank him Trump defends Comey firing, says both parties will thank him President Donald Trump is defending his firing of FBI Director James Comey More >> President Donald Trump is defending his firing of FBI Director James ComeyMore >>    Can't Find Something? 844 Government Street Baton Rouge, LA 70802 (225) 383-9999 WAFB FCC Public File WBXH FCC Public File publicfile@wafb.com (225) 215-4703 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Marijuana Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Nation Navy chief says U.S. needs more ships fast to stay credible Tue., May 16, 2017, 7:52 a.m. In this image released by the U.S. Navy, an F/A-18E Super Hornet from the “Kestrels” of Strike Fighter Squadron (VFA) 137 lands on the flight deck of the Nimitz-class aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson, Wednesday, May 3, 2017, as the guided-missile cruiser USS Lake Champlain, left, and guided-missile destroyer USS Wayne E. Meyer trail behind as they transit the western Pacific Ocean. (Spc. 2nd Class Z.A. Landers / U.S. Navy via AP) By Rosalind Mathieson Bloomberg Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS America needs more warships — and must build them faster — to keep up with other countries that are spending heavily on maritime prowess, according to the U.S. Navy’s chief of operations. “Pace is an important part of our current world environment, including the security environment,” Adm. John Richardson said Tuesday at a briefing in Singapore. “We have to be mindful that that environment is moving forward at a particular pace and if we’re going to remain competitive we’d better pick up that pace and match it at least, if not exceed it.” Richardson was speaking ahead of the release this week of a Navy white paper, which will outline its future requirements after an era of budgetary constraints. Richardson said in April that shipbuilders should speed up designs to cut the time by as much as half, according to the Breaking Defense news site. “We are getting back into, after decades really, an era of maritime competition,” Richardson said, adding moves by China to match its economic clout with military sway should not be seen as alarming. “At some point you turn to the sea to expand and continue to prosper.” President Donald Trump is set to release his fiscal 2018 budget next week. He has pledged previously to expand the Navy’s fleet to 350 vessels from about 272 now. Trump has created unease among some allies and smaller states in Asia over whether he will continue predecessor Barack Obama’s military rebalancing to the region, which included beefing up the U.S. naval presence in the disputed South China Sea. At the same time, China is ramping up spending on its military and recently launched its second aircraft carrier. “If you look at just the geography, wherever we are engaged today, where we are involved today, you can see that there is a size part of that,” Richardson said. “To provide credible options, to provide partnering opportunities, you need to be there. Numbers are a part of that solution.” The Navy has sent the USS Carl Vinson carrier group to North Asia, where it has conducted exercises with Japan and other countries at a time of heightened tensions with North Korea. But while it carries a full complement of weaponry, including scores of Tomahawk cruise and anti-ship missiles, radar-jamming aircraft and non-stealthy F-18 Super Hornet jets built by Boeing, it can’t shoot down ballistic missiles. “We need to be building a navy that is not only larger — all of the studies that have taken place over the past year or so pretty much agree with that — but it’s also got to be better,” Richardson said. “It’s not just about numbers, platforms, it’s also about what those platforms can do and then again how they all work together.” Richardson defended the Littoral Combat Ship program, after two defense secretaries under Obama questioned if the light ship intended for shallow coastal waters could survive in combat and then cut back the numbers planned. The navy has often had an LCS operating out of Singapore into the South China Sea. “The LCS program is improving almost by the day, it’s becoming stronger, more lethal, more survivable, more reliable,” Richardson said. “It embodied this idea of modularity and the ability to improve over its life. We need to take that to the next level. The technology has moved, even since we designed and built the first LCSs.” The LCS and its successor frigate would be one path to deliver on Trump’s pledge to expand the fleet. Still, the Navy will delay by at least a year plans to award a multibillion-dollar construction contract for a frigate meant to succeed the LCS, service officials said earlier this month. “There is a lot of discussion about small-surface combatants, Littoral Combat Ships transitioning to frigates at some point,” Richardson said. “That will be an opportunity for us to step into this new regime, if you will, of building ships that are fundamentally built to modernize over their life.” Singapore is also bolstering its navy. Defense Minister Ng Eng Hen said on Tuesday the country would buy two more submarines to be operational by 2024, adding to two already on order, as it seeks to replace its older fleet. Richardson also attended the International Maritime Security Conference while in Singapore on Tuesday. Mohamad Maliki Osman, Singapore’s senior minister of state for defense and foreign affairs, told the gathering that cooperation was needed to avoid miscalculation amid the military build-up in the region. “The U.S.-China relationship is the single most important factor that underscores stability in the region,” Maliki said. “Strategic cooperation between the U.S. and China over issues such as North Korea brings stability to the region.” Published: May 16, 2017, 7:52 a.m.  Tags: military, Navy, war Most read stories Former Spokane VA officer says he was ordered to stop investigation into Thurman and Marshall deaths … At Gonzaga commencement, speaker Sherman Alexie tells graduates: Remember your promises … Airway Heights residents warned not to drink tap water amid chemical contamination findings from Fai … City of Spokane serves up eviction notice to Blessings Under the Bridge homeless feeding program … Risch wants ‘traitor’ who leaked Russian details identified, McMorris Rodgers calls for Comey testim … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Boeing & Aerospace Business Nation & World France’s ATR delivers first planes to Iran as trade grows Originally published May 16, 2017 at 3:50 am Updated May 16, 2017 at 6:52 am Share story By The Associated Press The Associated Press PARIS (AP) — European plane maker ATR is delivering small passenger jets to Iran, the latest big-budget deal to emerge in the wake of Iran’s 2015 nuclear accord with world powers that ended years of sanctions. The first four ATR 72-600s were handed over to Iran Air in a ceremony Tuesday in Toulouse in southern France, where ATR is based. Iran Air finalized a deal last month with ATR for 20 twin-propeller aircraft, with an option to buy 20 more. The planes are worth $536 million at list prices though customers usually negotiate discounts. Iran has struck several large jet deals since last year, including with Boeing Co. and Airbus, though analysts have questioned whether there is demand for so many planes. Most Read Stories Toxic West Seattle home that sparked insane bidding war replaced with $1.2M box house  VIEW Pioneer Square's F.X. McRory's is moving U2 at CenturyLink: Political, passionate, larger than life  VIEW Dad tries to fathom why son allegedly decapitated his mother Seattle police release dashcam video of officers’ response to Mayor Ed Murray’s homeUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Iran’s population of 80 million people represents a large potential market. The Associated Press Next Story Czech leader: country needs to set date for adopting euro Previous Story Ukraine to block access to Russia’s social-media websites Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman National Aviation Academy and Delta TechOps Partner to Meet Demand for Aviation Maintenance Technicians NAA Students Training at the Tampa Bay Hangar Facility Delta consistently delivers innovation, leadership and teamwork at the highest level. Students will benefit immeasurably from this partnership as we work together to produce quality aviation maintenance professionals. Tampa Bay, Fla. (PRWEB) May 16, 2017 National Aviation Academy (NAA) and Delta TechOps today announce a partnership to assist in meeting the critical demand for qualified aviation maintenance technicians within the aviation industry. Aviation Maintenance Technicians (AMTs) keep aircraft in safe flying condition by servicing, repairing and overhauling aircraft and aircraft components while following detailed manufacturer specifications and federal regulations set by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA). AMTs are in high demand as the industry expands and technicians age out of the aviation workforce. 38 AMT schools were selected to work with Delta to prepare for the hiring need, which is projected to exceed 679,000 technicians by 2035, according to Boeing’s 2016 Pilot and Technician Outlook. NAA was subject to a strict evaluation process and was found to meet FAA standards as well as Delta’s high principles that exceed industry standards. Educational programming at NAA will benefit from Delta as a resource for continuous improvement. Additionally, partnering with Delta will broaden student access to AMT careers available within the global aviation industry. “Delta consistently delivers innovation, leadership and teamwork at the highest level. Students will benefit immeasurably from this partnership as we work together to produce quality aviation maintenance professionals,” said David Mead, Senior Executive Vice President for NAA. NAA incorporates the latest technology and industry resources to deliver high quality aviation maintenance training. Partnering with Delta TechOps will strengthen NAA’s ability to achieve its mission of preparing students for employment in the aviation industry. # # # Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nordson Corporation Declares Third Quarter Dividend for Fiscal Year 2017 Next PostNext Global Microemulsions Market Projected To Grow At a Steady CAGR During Forecast Period Search Recent Posts Surfactants used in Agrochemical Market 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast 2021 Polyester Staple Fiber Market Production, Consumption, Export and Import, Revenue, Price Trend by Type, Analysis by 2022 Turnstile Gates & Access Control Market Size, Sales, Growth Drivers, Opportunities, Industry Trends and Forecast to 2022 PTFE Mesh Belts Market Outlook – Latest Development and Market Trends 2017-2021 Prewired Flexible Conduit Market 2017 Industry Trends, Sales, Supply, Demand, Analysis & Forecast 2021 RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman KPMG Teams With Condoleezza Rice And Ginni Rometty As Part Of Effort To Help Close Women’s Leadership Gap NEW YORK, May 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — More than half of all management, professional and related occupations are held by women, yet women account for only five percent of the CEOs of S&P 500 companies today. The KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit is forging paths for the next generation of women leaders to move into the C-suite through high-impact leadership development content, networking, and access to today’s top leaders. KPMG today announced the 66th U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and IBM Chairman, President and CEO Ginni Rometty will share their career experiences as women leaders at this year’s Summit on June 28th. To share the news and join the conversation on Twitter, click here. [embedded content] KPMG teams with the 66th U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and other top leaders to close the women’s leadership gap. In its third year, the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit convenes highly accomplished leaders in the worlds of business, politics, sports, and the media to share strategies, insights and lessons learned from their personal journeys with the next generation of women leaders nominated by their CEOs to attend, which includes representation from more than 50 Fortune 1000 companies. „KPMG is deeply committed to increasing the number of women leaders within our organization and the broader marketplace through initiatives like the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit,” said KPMG U.S. Chairman and CEO Lynne Doughtie. „Having more women in leadership roles enhances business performance across nearly every metric.” Hosted on-site during the week of the 2017 KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit will feature distinguished speakers and panelists including: Keynote speakers: Lynne Doughtie – KPMG U.S. Chairman and CEO; Condoleezza Rice – 66th U.S. Secretary of State; and Ginni Rometty – IBM Chairman, President and CEO. Olympian panelists: Michelle Kwan – Five-time World Champion and Two-time Olympic Medalist; Angela Ruggiero – U.S. Olympic Ice Hockey Gold Medalist; and Lindsey Vonn – World Champion and U.S. Olympic Gold Medalist. Business speakers: Peggy Johnson – Microsoft EVP of Business Development; Whitney Johnson – Critically acclaimed author of „Disrupt Yourself;” David Nelms – Discover Chairman & Chief Executive Officer; Paula Polito – UBS Group Managing Director & Client Strategy Officer; Marni Walden – Verizon EVP and President of Media and Telematics; and Kathy Wengel – Johnson & Johnson Worldwide VP & Chief Supply Chain Officer. NBC’s Sunday Night Football Sideline Reporter Michele Tafoya will serve as the master of ceremonies. Sessions will be moderated by NBC on-air talent including CNBC Technology Reporter Deirdre Bosa and Host of NBC Sports’ golf coverage as well as play-by-play announcer for Notre Dame Football on NBC and for NBC Olympics Dan Hicks. The KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit will be live streamed at: KPMG.com/WomensLeadership. The KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, a collaboration between KPMG, PGA of America and LPGA, combines a world-class, annual major golf championship with the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit and KPMG Future Leaders Program — all focused on the development, advancement, and empowerment of women on and off the golf course. The events will take place June 26-July 2, 2017 at historic Olympia Fields Country Club. The Championship offers a $3.5 million purse, among the highest in women’s golf, and will be broadcast on NBC and Golf Channel.  Net proceeds from the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship and KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit fund the KPMG Future Leaders Program, a charitable initiative that affords top female high school seniors across the country the opportunity to enhance their personal growth through college scholarships, a leadership development retreat at Stanford University, a mentoring relationship with a woman business leader, and an introduction to golf. Condoleezza Rice serves as the program’s ambassador. An advisory council comprised of exemplary leaders from across business, sports, and the media is helping to guide the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit. Founding sponsors of the 2017 Summit are Constellation, an Exelon Company; National Car Rental; and Zurich Insurance with additional support provided by The Boeing Company and Microsoft. For more information about the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit and the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, visit: KPMG.com/WomensLeadership. About KPMG LLP KPMG is one of the world’s leading professional services firms, providing innovative business solutions and audit, tax, and advisory services to many of the world’s largest and most prestigious organizations. KPMG is widely recognized for being a great place to work and build a career. Our people share a sense of purpose in the work we do, and a strong commitment to community service, inclusion and diversity, and eradicating childhood illiteracy. KPMG LLP is the independent U.S. member firm of KPMG International Cooperative („KPMG International”). KPMG International’s independent member firms have 189,000 professionals, including more than 9,000 partners, in 152 countries. Learn more at www.kpmg.com/us. Contact: Ichiro Kawasaki KPMG LLP 551-486-9310 ikawasaki@kpmg.com Twitter: @ichiroakawasaki To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kpmg-teams-with-condoleezza-rice-and-ginni-rometty-as-part-of-effort-to-help-close-womens-leadership-gap-300458327.html SOURCE KPMG LLP Related Links https://www.kpmg.com/us CategoriesUncategorized TagsBroadcast Feed Annoucement, Women Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Combining Non-Surgical Body Treatments is In, Says San Diego Plastic Surgery Practice Next PostNext Idina Menzel Tickets Au-Rene Theater, Ruth Eckerd Hall, St. Augustine Amphitheatre, and Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall at CapitalCityTickets.com with Promo Code Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman KPMG Teams With Condoleezza Rice And Ginni Rometty As Part Of Effort To Help Close Women’s Leadership Gap NEW YORK, May 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — More than half of all management, professional and related occupations are held by women, yet women account for only five percent of the CEOs of S&P 500 companies today. The KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit is forging paths for the next generation of women leaders to move into the C-suite through high-impact leadership development content, networking, and access to today’s top leaders. KPMG today announced the 66th U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and IBM Chairman, President and CEO Ginni Rometty will share their career experiences as women leaders at this year’s Summit on June 28th. To share the news and join the conversation on Twitter, click here. [embedded content] KPMG teams with the 66th U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and other top leaders to close the women’s leadership gap. In its third year, the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit convenes highly accomplished leaders in the worlds of business, politics, sports, and the media to share strategies, insights and lessons learned from their personal journeys with the next generation of women leaders nominated by their CEOs to attend, which includes representation from more than 50 Fortune 1000 companies. „KPMG is deeply committed to increasing the number of women leaders within our organization and the broader marketplace through initiatives like the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit,” said KPMG U.S. Chairman and CEO Lynne Doughtie. „Having more women in leadership roles enhances business performance across nearly every metric.” Hosted on-site during the week of the 2017 KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit will feature distinguished speakers and panelists including: Keynote speakers: Lynne Doughtie – KPMG U.S. Chairman and CEO; Condoleezza Rice – 66th U.S. Secretary of State; and Ginni Rometty – IBM Chairman, President and CEO. Olympian panelists: Michelle Kwan – Five-time World Champion and Two-time Olympic Medalist; Angela Ruggiero – U.S. Olympic Ice Hockey Gold Medalist; and Lindsey Vonn – World Champion and U.S. Olympic Gold Medalist. Business speakers: Peggy Johnson – Microsoft EVP of Business Development; Whitney Johnson – Critically acclaimed author of „Disrupt Yourself;” David Nelms – Discover Chairman & Chief Executive Officer; Paula Polito – UBS Group Managing Director & Client Strategy Officer; Marni Walden – Verizon EVP and President of Media and Telematics; and Kathy Wengel – Johnson & Johnson Worldwide VP & Chief Supply Chain Officer. NBC’s Sunday Night Football Sideline Reporter Michele Tafoya will serve as the master of ceremonies. Sessions will be moderated by NBC on-air talent including CNBC Technology Reporter Deirdre Bosa and Host of NBC Sports’ golf coverage as well as play-by-play announcer for Notre Dame Football on NBC and for NBC Olympics Dan Hicks. The KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit will be live streamed at: KPMG.com/WomensLeadership. The KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, a collaboration between KPMG, PGA of America and LPGA, combines a world-class, annual major golf championship with the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit and KPMG Future Leaders Program — all focused on the development, advancement, and empowerment of women on and off the golf course. The events will take place June 26-July 2, 2017 at historic Olympia Fields Country Club. The Championship offers a $3.5 million purse, among the highest in women’s golf, and will be broadcast on NBC and Golf Channel.  Net proceeds from the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship and KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit fund the KPMG Future Leaders Program, a charitable initiative that affords top female high school seniors across the country the opportunity to enhance their personal growth through college scholarships, a leadership development retreat at Stanford University, a mentoring relationship with a woman business leader, and an introduction to golf. Condoleezza Rice serves as the program’s ambassador. An advisory council comprised of exemplary leaders from across business, sports, and the media is helping to guide the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit. Founding sponsors of the 2017 Summit are Constellation, an Exelon Company; National Car Rental; and Zurich Insurance with additional support provided by The Boeing Company and Microsoft. For more information about the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit and the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, visit: KPMG.com/WomensLeadership. About KPMG LLP KPMG is one of the world’s leading professional services firms, providing innovative business solutions and audit, tax, and advisory services to many of the world’s largest and most prestigious organizations. KPMG is widely recognized for being a great place to work and build a career. Our people share a sense of purpose in the work we do, and a strong commitment to community service, inclusion and diversity, and eradicating childhood illiteracy. KPMG LLP is the independent U.S. member firm of KPMG International Cooperative („KPMG International”). KPMG International’s independent member firms have 189,000 professionals, including more than 9,000 partners, in 152 countries. Learn more at www.kpmg.com/us. Contact: Ichiro Kawasaki KPMG LLP 551-486-9310 ikawasaki@kpmg.com Twitter: @ichiroakawasaki To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kpmg-teams-with-condoleezza-rice-and-ginni-rometty-as-part-of-effort-to-help-close-womens-leadership-gap-300458327.html SOURCE KPMG LLP Related Links https://www.kpmg.com/us CategoriesUncategorized TagsBroadcast Feed Annoucement, Women Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Combining Non-Surgical Body Treatments is In, Says San Diego Plastic Surgery Practice Next PostNext Idina Menzel Tickets Au-Rene Theater, Ruth Eckerd Hall, St. Augustine Amphitheatre, and Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall at CapitalCityTickets.com with Promo Code Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman KPMG Teams With Condoleezza Rice And Ginni Rometty As Part Of Effort To Help Close Women’s Leadership Gap NEW YORK, May 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — More than half of all management, professional and related occupations are held by women, yet women account for only five percent of the CEOs of S&P 500 companies today. The KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit is forging paths for the next generation of women leaders to move into the C-suite through high-impact leadership development content, networking, and access to today’s top leaders. KPMG today announced the 66th U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and IBM Chairman, President and CEO Ginni Rometty will share their career experiences as women leaders at this year’s Summit on June 28th. To share the news and join the conversation on Twitter, click here. [embedded content] KPMG teams with the 66th U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and other top leaders to close the women’s leadership gap. In its third year, the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit convenes highly accomplished leaders in the worlds of business, politics, sports, and the media to share strategies, insights and lessons learned from their personal journeys with the next generation of women leaders nominated by their CEOs to attend, which includes representation from more than 50 Fortune 1000 companies. „KPMG is deeply committed to increasing the number of women leaders within our organization and the broader marketplace through initiatives like the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit,” said KPMG U.S. Chairman and CEO Lynne Doughtie. „Having more women in leadership roles enhances business performance across nearly every metric.” Hosted on-site during the week of the 2017 KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit will feature distinguished speakers and panelists including: Keynote speakers: Lynne Doughtie – KPMG U.S. Chairman and CEO; Condoleezza Rice – 66th U.S. Secretary of State; and Ginni Rometty – IBM Chairman, President and CEO. Olympian panelists: Michelle Kwan – Five-time World Champion and Two-time Olympic Medalist; Angela Ruggiero – U.S. Olympic Ice Hockey Gold Medalist; and Lindsey Vonn – World Champion and U.S. Olympic Gold Medalist. Business speakers: Peggy Johnson – Microsoft EVP of Business Development; Whitney Johnson – Critically acclaimed author of „Disrupt Yourself;” David Nelms – Discover Chairman & Chief Executive Officer; Paula Polito – UBS Group Managing Director & Client Strategy Officer; Marni Walden – Verizon EVP and President of Media and Telematics; and Kathy Wengel – Johnson & Johnson Worldwide VP & Chief Supply Chain Officer. NBC’s Sunday Night Football Sideline Reporter Michele Tafoya will serve as the master of ceremonies. Sessions will be moderated by NBC on-air talent including CNBC Technology Reporter Deirdre Bosa and Host of NBC Sports’ golf coverage as well as play-by-play announcer for Notre Dame Football on NBC and for NBC Olympics Dan Hicks. The KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit will be live streamed at: KPMG.com/WomensLeadership. The KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, a collaboration between KPMG, PGA of America and LPGA, combines a world-class, annual major golf championship with the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit and KPMG Future Leaders Program — all focused on the development, advancement, and empowerment of women on and off the golf course. The events will take place June 26-July 2, 2017 at historic Olympia Fields Country Club. The Championship offers a $3.5 million purse, among the highest in women’s golf, and will be broadcast on NBC and Golf Channel.  Net proceeds from the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship and KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit fund the KPMG Future Leaders Program, a charitable initiative that affords top female high school seniors across the country the opportunity to enhance their personal growth through college scholarships, a leadership development retreat at Stanford University, a mentoring relationship with a woman business leader, and an introduction to golf. Condoleezza Rice serves as the program’s ambassador. An advisory council comprised of exemplary leaders from across business, sports, and the media is helping to guide the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit. Founding sponsors of the 2017 Summit are Constellation, an Exelon Company; National Car Rental; and Zurich Insurance with additional support provided by The Boeing Company and Microsoft. For more information about the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit and the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, visit: KPMG.com/WomensLeadership. About KPMG LLP KPMG is one of the world’s leading professional services firms, providing innovative business solutions and audit, tax, and advisory services to many of the world’s largest and most prestigious organizations. KPMG is widely recognized for being a great place to work and build a career. Our people share a sense of purpose in the work we do, and a strong commitment to community service, inclusion and diversity, and eradicating childhood illiteracy. KPMG LLP is the independent U.S. member firm of KPMG International Cooperative („KPMG International”). KPMG International’s independent member firms have 189,000 professionals, including more than 9,000 partners, in 152 countries. Learn more at www.kpmg.com/us. Contact: Ichiro Kawasaki KPMG LLP 551-486-9310 ikawasaki@kpmg.com Twitter: @ichiroakawasaki To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kpmg-teams-with-condoleezza-rice-and-ginni-rometty-as-part-of-effort-to-help-close-womens-leadership-gap-300458327.html SOURCE KPMG LLP Related Links https://www.kpmg.com/us CategoriesUncategorized TagsBroadcast Feed Annoucement, Women Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Combining Non-Surgical Body Treatments is In, Says San Diego Plastic Surgery Practice Next PostNext Idina Menzel Tickets Au-Rene Theater, Ruth Eckerd Hall, St. Augustine Amphitheatre, and Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall at CapitalCityTickets.com with Promo Code Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman KPMG Teams With Condoleezza Rice And Ginni Rometty As Part Of Effort To Help Close Women’s Leadership Gap NEW YORK, May 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — More than half of all management, professional and related occupations are held by women, yet women account for only five percent of the CEOs of S&P 500 companies today. The KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit is forging paths for the next generation of women leaders to move into the C-suite through high-impact leadership development content, networking, and access to today’s top leaders. KPMG today announced the 66th U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and IBM Chairman, President and CEO Ginni Rometty will share their career experiences as women leaders at this year’s Summit on June 28th. To share the news and join the conversation on Twitter, click here. [embedded content] KPMG teams with the 66th U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and other top leaders to close the women’s leadership gap. In its third year, the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit convenes highly accomplished leaders in the worlds of business, politics, sports, and the media to share strategies, insights and lessons learned from their personal journeys with the next generation of women leaders nominated by their CEOs to attend, which includes representation from more than 50 Fortune 1000 companies. „KPMG is deeply committed to increasing the number of women leaders within our organization and the broader marketplace through initiatives like the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit,” said KPMG U.S. Chairman and CEO Lynne Doughtie. „Having more women in leadership roles enhances business performance across nearly every metric.” Hosted on-site during the week of the 2017 KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit will feature distinguished speakers and panelists including: Keynote speakers: Lynne Doughtie – KPMG U.S. Chairman and CEO; Condoleezza Rice – 66th U.S. Secretary of State; and Ginni Rometty – IBM Chairman, President and CEO. Olympian panelists: Michelle Kwan – Five-time World Champion and Two-time Olympic Medalist; Angela Ruggiero – U.S. Olympic Ice Hockey Gold Medalist; and Lindsey Vonn – World Champion and U.S. Olympic Gold Medalist. Business speakers: Peggy Johnson – Microsoft EVP of Business Development; Whitney Johnson – Critically acclaimed author of „Disrupt Yourself;” David Nelms – Discover Chairman & Chief Executive Officer; Paula Polito – UBS Group Managing Director & Client Strategy Officer; Marni Walden – Verizon EVP and President of Media and Telematics; and Kathy Wengel – Johnson & Johnson Worldwide VP & Chief Supply Chain Officer. NBC’s Sunday Night Football Sideline Reporter Michele Tafoya will serve as the master of ceremonies. Sessions will be moderated by NBC on-air talent including CNBC Technology Reporter Deirdre Bosa and Host of NBC Sports’ golf coverage as well as play-by-play announcer for Notre Dame Football on NBC and for NBC Olympics Dan Hicks. The KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit will be live streamed at: KPMG.com/WomensLeadership. The KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, a collaboration between KPMG, PGA of America and LPGA, combines a world-class, annual major golf championship with the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit and KPMG Future Leaders Program — all focused on the development, advancement, and empowerment of women on and off the golf course. The events will take place June 26-July 2, 2017 at historic Olympia Fields Country Club. The Championship offers a $3.5 million purse, among the highest in women’s golf, and will be broadcast on NBC and Golf Channel.  Net proceeds from the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship and KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit fund the KPMG Future Leaders Program, a charitable initiative that affords top female high school seniors across the country the opportunity to enhance their personal growth through college scholarships, a leadership development retreat at Stanford University, a mentoring relationship with a woman business leader, and an introduction to golf. Condoleezza Rice serves as the program’s ambassador. An advisory council comprised of exemplary leaders from across business, sports, and the media is helping to guide the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit. Founding sponsors of the 2017 Summit are Constellation, an Exelon Company; National Car Rental; and Zurich Insurance with additional support provided by The Boeing Company and Microsoft. For more information about the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit and the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, visit: KPMG.com/WomensLeadership. About KPMG LLP KPMG is one of the world’s leading professional services firms, providing innovative business solutions and audit, tax, and advisory services to many of the world’s largest and most prestigious organizations. KPMG is widely recognized for being a great place to work and build a career. Our people share a sense of purpose in the work we do, and a strong commitment to community service, inclusion and diversity, and eradicating childhood illiteracy. KPMG LLP is the independent U.S. member firm of KPMG International Cooperative („KPMG International”). KPMG International’s independent member firms have 189,000 professionals, including more than 9,000 partners, in 152 countries. Learn more at www.kpmg.com/us. Contact: Ichiro Kawasaki KPMG LLP 551-486-9310 ikawasaki@kpmg.com Twitter: @ichiroakawasaki To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kpmg-teams-with-condoleezza-rice-and-ginni-rometty-as-part-of-effort-to-help-close-womens-leadership-gap-300458327.html SOURCE KPMG LLP Related Links https://www.kpmg.com/us CategoriesUncategorized TagsBroadcast Feed Annoucement, Women Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Combining Non-Surgical Body Treatments is In, Says San Diego Plastic Surgery Practice Next PostNext Idina Menzel Tickets Au-Rene Theater, Ruth Eckerd Hall, St. Augustine Amphitheatre, and Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall at CapitalCityTickets.com with Promo Code Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman KPMG Teams With Condoleezza Rice And Ginni Rometty As Part Of Effort To Help Close Women’s Leadership Gap NEW YORK, May 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — More than half of all management, professional and related occupations are held by women, yet women account for only five percent of the CEOs of S&P 500 companies today. The KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit is forging paths for the next generation of women leaders to move into the C-suite through high-impact leadership development content, networking, and access to today’s top leaders. KPMG today announced the 66th U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and IBM Chairman, President and CEO Ginni Rometty will share their career experiences as women leaders at this year’s Summit on June 28th. To share the news and join the conversation on Twitter, click here. [embedded content] KPMG teams with the 66th U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and other top leaders to close the women’s leadership gap. In its third year, the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit convenes highly accomplished leaders in the worlds of business, politics, sports, and the media to share strategies, insights and lessons learned from their personal journeys with the next generation of women leaders nominated by their CEOs to attend, which includes representation from more than 50 Fortune 1000 companies. „KPMG is deeply committed to increasing the number of women leaders within our organization and the broader marketplace through initiatives like the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit,” said KPMG U.S. Chairman and CEO Lynne Doughtie. „Having more women in leadership roles enhances business performance across nearly every metric.” Hosted on-site during the week of the 2017 KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit will feature distinguished speakers and panelists including: Keynote speakers: Lynne Doughtie – KPMG U.S. Chairman and CEO; Condoleezza Rice – 66th U.S. Secretary of State; and Ginni Rometty – IBM Chairman, President and CEO. Olympian panelists: Michelle Kwan – Five-time World Champion and Two-time Olympic Medalist; Angela Ruggiero – U.S. Olympic Ice Hockey Gold Medalist; and Lindsey Vonn – World Champion and U.S. Olympic Gold Medalist. Business speakers: Peggy Johnson – Microsoft EVP of Business Development; Whitney Johnson – Critically acclaimed author of „Disrupt Yourself;” David Nelms – Discover Chairman & Chief Executive Officer; Paula Polito – UBS Group Managing Director & Client Strategy Officer; Marni Walden – Verizon EVP and President of Media and Telematics; and Kathy Wengel – Johnson & Johnson Worldwide VP & Chief Supply Chain Officer. NBC’s Sunday Night Football Sideline Reporter Michele Tafoya will serve as the master of ceremonies. Sessions will be moderated by NBC on-air talent including CNBC Technology Reporter Deirdre Bosa and Host of NBC Sports’ golf coverage as well as play-by-play announcer for Notre Dame Football on NBC and for NBC Olympics Dan Hicks. The KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit will be live streamed at: KPMG.com/WomensLeadership. The KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, a collaboration between KPMG, PGA of America and LPGA, combines a world-class, annual major golf championship with the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit and KPMG Future Leaders Program — all focused on the development, advancement, and empowerment of women on and off the golf course. The events will take place June 26-July 2, 2017 at historic Olympia Fields Country Club. The Championship offers a $3.5 million purse, among the highest in women’s golf, and will be broadcast on NBC and Golf Channel.  Net proceeds from the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship and KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit fund the KPMG Future Leaders Program, a charitable initiative that affords top female high school seniors across the country the opportunity to enhance their personal growth through college scholarships, a leadership development retreat at Stanford University, a mentoring relationship with a woman business leader, and an introduction to golf. Condoleezza Rice serves as the program’s ambassador. An advisory council comprised of exemplary leaders from across business, sports, and the media is helping to guide the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit. Founding sponsors of the 2017 Summit are Constellation, an Exelon Company; National Car Rental; and Zurich Insurance with additional support provided by The Boeing Company and Microsoft. For more information about the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit and the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, visit: KPMG.com/WomensLeadership. About KPMG LLP KPMG is one of the world’s leading professional services firms, providing innovative business solutions and audit, tax, and advisory services to many of the world’s largest and most prestigious organizations. KPMG is widely recognized for being a great place to work and build a career. Our people share a sense of purpose in the work we do, and a strong commitment to community service, inclusion and diversity, and eradicating childhood illiteracy. KPMG LLP is the independent U.S. member firm of KPMG International Cooperative („KPMG International”). KPMG International’s independent member firms have 189,000 professionals, including more than 9,000 partners, in 152 countries. Learn more at www.kpmg.com/us. Contact: Ichiro Kawasaki KPMG LLP 551-486-9310 ikawasaki@kpmg.com Twitter: @ichiroakawasaki To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kpmg-teams-with-condoleezza-rice-and-ginni-rometty-as-part-of-effort-to-help-close-womens-leadership-gap-300458327.html SOURCE KPMG LLP Related Links https://www.kpmg.com/us CategoriesUncategorized TagsBroadcast Feed Annoucement, Women Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Combining Non-Surgical Body Treatments is In, Says San Diego Plastic Surgery Practice Next PostNext Idina Menzel Tickets Au-Rene Theater, Ruth Eckerd Hall, St. Augustine Amphitheatre, and Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall at CapitalCityTickets.com with Promo Code Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman KPMG Teams With Condoleezza Rice And Ginni Rometty As Part Of Effort To Help Close Women’s Leadership Gap NEW YORK, May 16, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — More than half of all management, professional and related occupations are held by women, yet women account for only five percent of the CEOs of S&P 500 companies today. The KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit is forging paths for the next generation of women leaders to move into the C-suite through high-impact leadership development content, networking, and access to today’s top leaders. KPMG today announced the 66th U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and IBM Chairman, President and CEO Ginni Rometty will share their career experiences as women leaders at this year’s Summit on June 28th. To share the news and join the conversation on Twitter, click here. [embedded content] KPMG teams with the 66th U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and other top leaders to close the women’s leadership gap. In its third year, the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit convenes highly accomplished leaders in the worlds of business, politics, sports, and the media to share strategies, insights and lessons learned from their personal journeys with the next generation of women leaders nominated by their CEOs to attend, which includes representation from more than 50 Fortune 1000 companies. „KPMG is deeply committed to increasing the number of women leaders within our organization and the broader marketplace through initiatives like the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit,” said KPMG U.S. Chairman and CEO Lynne Doughtie. „Having more women in leadership roles enhances business performance across nearly every metric.” Hosted on-site during the week of the 2017 KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit will feature distinguished speakers and panelists including: Keynote speakers: Lynne Doughtie – KPMG U.S. Chairman and CEO; Condoleezza Rice – 66th U.S. Secretary of State; and Ginni Rometty – IBM Chairman, President and CEO. Olympian panelists: Michelle Kwan – Five-time World Champion and Two-time Olympic Medalist; Angela Ruggiero – U.S. Olympic Ice Hockey Gold Medalist; and Lindsey Vonn – World Champion and U.S. Olympic Gold Medalist. Business speakers: Peggy Johnson – Microsoft EVP of Business Development; Whitney Johnson – Critically acclaimed author of „Disrupt Yourself;” David Nelms – Discover Chairman & Chief Executive Officer; Paula Polito – UBS Group Managing Director & Client Strategy Officer; Marni Walden – Verizon EVP and President of Media and Telematics; and Kathy Wengel – Johnson & Johnson Worldwide VP & Chief Supply Chain Officer. NBC’s Sunday Night Football Sideline Reporter Michele Tafoya will serve as the master of ceremonies. Sessions will be moderated by NBC on-air talent including CNBC Technology Reporter Deirdre Bosa and Host of NBC Sports’ golf coverage as well as play-by-play announcer for Notre Dame Football on NBC and for NBC Olympics Dan Hicks. The KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit will be live streamed at: KPMG.com/WomensLeadership. The KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, a collaboration between KPMG, PGA of America and LPGA, combines a world-class, annual major golf championship with the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit and KPMG Future Leaders Program — all focused on the development, advancement, and empowerment of women on and off the golf course. The events will take place June 26-July 2, 2017 at historic Olympia Fields Country Club. The Championship offers a $3.5 million purse, among the highest in women’s golf, and will be broadcast on NBC and Golf Channel.  Net proceeds from the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship and KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit fund the KPMG Future Leaders Program, a charitable initiative that affords top female high school seniors across the country the opportunity to enhance their personal growth through college scholarships, a leadership development retreat at Stanford University, a mentoring relationship with a woman business leader, and an introduction to golf. Condoleezza Rice serves as the program’s ambassador. An advisory council comprised of exemplary leaders from across business, sports, and the media is helping to guide the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit. Founding sponsors of the 2017 Summit are Constellation, an Exelon Company; National Car Rental; and Zurich Insurance with additional support provided by The Boeing Company and Microsoft. For more information about the KPMG Women’s Leadership Summit and the KPMG Women’s PGA Championship, visit: KPMG.com/WomensLeadership. About KPMG LLP KPMG is one of the world’s leading professional services firms, providing innovative business solutions and audit, tax, and advisory services to many of the world’s largest and most prestigious organizations. KPMG is widely recognized for being a great place to work and build a career. Our people share a sense of purpose in the work we do, and a strong commitment to community service, inclusion and diversity, and eradicating childhood illiteracy. KPMG LLP is the independent U.S. member firm of KPMG International Cooperative („KPMG International”). KPMG International’s independent member firms have 189,000 professionals, including more than 9,000 partners, in 152 countries. Learn more at www.kpmg.com/us. Contact: Ichiro Kawasaki KPMG LLP 551-486-9310 ikawasaki@kpmg.com Twitter: @ichiroakawasaki To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/kpmg-teams-with-condoleezza-rice-and-ginni-rometty-as-part-of-effort-to-help-close-womens-leadership-gap-300458327.html SOURCE KPMG LLP Related Links https://www.kpmg.com/us CategoriesUncategorized TagsBroadcast Feed Annoucement, Women Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Combining Non-Surgical Body Treatments is In, Says San Diego Plastic Surgery Practice Next PostNext Idina Menzel Tickets Au-Rene Theater, Ruth Eckerd Hall, St. Augustine Amphitheatre, and Van Wezel Performing Arts Hall at CapitalCityTickets.com with Promo Code Search Recent Posts Around 400 people in two communities near Waterloo benefit from DFID funded WASH interventions Synthego First to Offer Over 100,000 Genomes in Powerful New CRISPR Software Samsung and Glympse Partner to Bring Location Sharing to the Living Room World Hypertension Day Reminder: A Five Minute Blood Pressure Check Could Save Your Life Bellevue by Cressey has officially broken ground Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Politics Politics Elections White House Congress Law Taxes Retail CEOs get Mnuchin into closed door meeting to lobby against import tax AutoZone, J.C. Penney and others are visiting Washington to lobby against the tax. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin will meet with industry leaders. The border adjustment tax would bring an effective levy on imports. Ylan Mui | @ylanmui 16 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Michael Nagle | Bloomberg | Getty Images Employees assist customers at the checkout counter of a J.C. Penney store. Chief executives from some of the nation's largest retailers are slated to meet with Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin on Tuesday for the first time, part of their ongoing push against the controversial border adjustment tax. About 10 executives will join the closed-door meeting with Mnuchin, including the leaders of familiar names such as AutoZone, J.C. Penney, PetSmart and Chico's. (See the full list below.) Secretary Mnuchin is attending the Retail Industry Leaders Association's board meeting. The industry has been leading the fight against the measure, which taxes imports into the United States. Chain retailers argue that it would increase the cost of foreign products and devastate their profit margins. They say that would force them to raise prices, costing consumers $1,700 more each year. "There is no industry that wants tax reform more than retail," said Brian Dodge, a spokesman for the Retail Industry Leaders Association. "We are eager to work with Secretary Mnuchin and the entire Trump Administration to pass pro-growth tax reform this year so that American families can keep more of the money they earn and business can invest and grow." Under the border adjustment tax, companies would be allowed to deduct the cost of American-made goods but not foreign ones — creating an effective tax on imports. The measure is a key component of the Republican blueprint for tax reform and has been championed by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., and Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas. Analysts estimate it would raise about $1 trillion in revenue, which would in turn help finance a reduction in the headline corporate rate. Manufacturers such as Boeing and Dow Chemical have fought to keep the measure alive despite heavy opposition in the Senate — even from Republicans. In a statement, the American Made Coalition said: "Opponents have spent millions trying to stop tax reform in its tracks with the goal of preserving an outdated, broken tax system that favors foreign imports over American products and jobs." The group has cited a survey from the Harvard Center for American Political Studies and The Harris Poll that found that 62 percent of voters support the border adjustment tax. 'We don't think it works in its current form' The White House made no mention of border adjustment in the one-page summary of its tax reform principles released last month. However, Mnuchin has said that the proposal needs to be revised. "There's many aspects of it we like. There's certain things we're concerned about," Mnuchin said during a conference last month. "What we discussed with [Ryan and Brady] is we don't think it works in its current form, and we'll continue to have discussions with them about revisions that they will consider." At the G7 meeting of economic officials in Italy over the weekend, foreign finance ministers indicated that they were growing more comfortable with the United States' position. Several countries had been alarmed by the prospect of a border adjustment tax, but Italian Finance Minister Pier Carlo Padoan said those fears had subsided. "I'm not worried about U.S. tax policy," he said. "I understand that there's a very ambitious tax reform program in the United States, and we're watching very closely on what's good for the United States and what can be learned by other countries on tax reform." Retailers' push at Treasury comes just days before the Ways and Means committee is slated to hold its first hearing on tax reform on Thursday. The focus is on the ways that tax reform can boost hiring and economic growth. "Opportunities like this only come around once in a generation," Ryan's office said in a statement. Industry executives at Tuesday's meeting: Bill Rhodes, AutoZone (also chair of Retail Industry Leaders Association) Shelly Broader, Chico's FAS Jim Dinkins, Coca-Cola Todd Vasos, Dollar General Alan Hoskins, Energizer Lars Petersson, Ikea Marvin Ellison, JC Penney Michael Massey, PetSmart Manny Chirico, PVH Greg Sandfort, Tractor Supply Company Steve Rendle, VF Corp. — CNBC's Lori Ann LaRocco contributed to this report. Ylan MuiCNBC Reporter
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking Highland police in standoff; schools on lockout AP France's ATR delivers first planes to Iran as trade grows 6 hrs ago PARIS (AP) — European plane maker ATR is delivering small passenger jets to Iran, the latest big-budget deal to emerge in the wake of Iran's 2015 nuclear accord with world powers that ended years of sanctions. The first four ATR 72-600s were handed over to Iran Air in a ceremony Tuesday in Toulouse in southern France, where ATR is based. Iran Air finalized a deal last month with ATR for 20 twin-propeller aircraft, with an option to buy 20 more. The planes are worth $536 million at list prices though customers usually negotiate discounts. Iran has struck several large jet deals since last year, including with Boeing Co. and Airbus, though analysts have questioned whether there is demand for so many planes. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Iran's population of 80 million people represents a large potential market. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News National Budgets Government Budgets Government Finance Government Business And Finance Government And Politics National Governments Aircraft Manufacturing Aerospace And Defense Industry Industrial Products And Services Latest in section Solid Trading Volumes and Acquired Revenue Bolster CBOE Holdings Progress reducing US uninsured rate comes to a halt Amazon's streaming software powers new smart TVs "Marvel's Inhumans," autistic M.D. drama, coming to ABC 3 Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy Right Now More on this topic Solid Trading Volumes and Acquired Revenue Bolster CBOE Holdings Progress reducing US uninsured rate comes to a halt Amazon's streaming software powers new smart TVs "Marvel's Inhumans," autistic M.D. drama, coming to ABC 3 Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy Right Now Most Popular on nwi.com Strack & Van Til owner $225 million in debt, eyes three more closings Jewel attempting to buy Strack & Van Til for $100 million Centier Bank robbed in Merrillville 25-year-old St. John woman killed in car crash One night in East Chicago, 2 kids killed Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents +17 Home and Garden 17 Expensive Homes for Sale in Northwest Indiana 219 Which dog breeds live the longest? +19 World News Photos: The dark side of Hong Kong's property boom Feels like the 1st time: many '77 rock kings still touring A damn fine list of 10 things to know about "Twin Peaks" Engineers and androids: Some key 'Alien: Covenant' backstory Backyard flights of fancy: Hobbits, dragons, pirates, oh my! Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Forest Ridge Family Dentistry 7303 Forest Ridge Dr, Schererville, IN 46375 Ads Doherty Images - Photography by Pete Doherty 105 Mulberry Lane, Schererville, IN 46375 Ads Andy's Home Inspection Serving Northwest Indiana & Southwest Michigan, Westville , IN 46391 Ads Be Your Very Best by Diana Govert 102 South Union Street, Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers Jack & Vernon's Septic Service Need an Estimate for Septic or Sewer Problems? Call Jack & Vernon's Septic Service Today! May 4, 2017 Mickey's Car Barn Solid axle corvette restoration is available through Mickey's Car Barn, check us out on Facebook! May 4, 2017 A Step Up Career Academy Center In Need of Child Care Services? Call A Step Up Career Academy Center today! 708-474-2511 May 4, 2017 Brad's Designs & Jewelry Unique Custom Designed Jewelry from Brad's Designs & Jewelry in Crown Point, IN! May 4, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Viagra Obsolete: New Replacement Cheaper Safer Faster Home | Newsfront Tags: Navy | Ships Navy Chief Says US Needs More Ships Fast to Stay Credible Admiral John Richardson (AP) Tuesday, 16 May 2017 07:22 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    America needs more warships -- and must build them faster -- to keep up with other countries that are spending heavily on maritime prowess, according to the U.S. Navy's chief of operations. "Pace is an important part of our current world environment, including the security environment," Admiral John Richardson said Tuesday at a briefing in Singapore. "We have to be mindful that that environment is moving forward at a particular pace and if we're going to remain competitive we'd better pick up that pace and match it at least, if not exceed it." Richardson was speaking ahead of the release this week of a Navy white paper, which will outline its future requirements after an era of budgetary constraints. Richardson said in April that shipbuilders should speed up designs to cut the time by as much as half, according to the Breaking Defense news site. "We are getting back into, after decades really, an era of maritime competition," Richardson said, adding moves by China to match its economic clout with military sway should not be seen as alarming. "At some point you turn to the sea to expand and continue to prosper." U.S. President Donald Trump is set to release his fiscal 2018 budget next week. He has pledged previously to expand the Navy's fleet to 350 vessels from about 272 now. Trump has created unease among some allies and smaller states in Asia over whether he will continue predecessor Barack Obama's military rebalancing to the region, which included beefing up the U.S. naval presence in the disputed South China Sea. At the same time, China is ramping up spending on its military and recently launched its second aircraft carrier. 'Credible Options' "If you look at just the geography, wherever we are engaged today, where we are involved today, you can see that there is a size part of that," Richardson said. "To provide credible options, to provide partnering opportunities, you need to be there. Numbers are a part of that solution." The Navy has sent the USS Carl Vinson carrier group to North Asia, where it has conducted exercises with Japan and other countries at a time of heightened tensions with North Korea. But while it carries a full complement of weaponry, including scores of Tomahawk cruise and anti-ship missiles, radar-jamming aircraft and non-stealthy F-18 Super Hornet jets built by Boeing Co., it can't shoot down ballistic missiles. "We need to be building a navy that is not only larger -- all of the studies that have taken place over the past year or so pretty much agree with that -- but it's also got to be better," Richardson said. "It's not just about numbers, platforms, it's also about what those platforms can do and then again how they all work together." 'More Lethal' Richardson defended the Littoral Combat Ship program, after two defense secretaries under Obama questioned if the light ship intended for shallow coastal waters could survive in combat and then cut back the numbers planned. The navy has often had an LCS operating out of Singapore into the South China Sea. "The LCS program is improving almost by the day, it's becoming stronger, more lethal, more survivable, more reliable," Richardson said. "It embodied this idea of modularity and the ability to improve over its life. We need to take that to the next level. The technology has moved, even since we designed and built the first LCSs." The LCS and its successor frigate would be one path to deliver on Trump's pledge to expand the fleet. Still, the Navy will delay by at least a year plans to award a multibillion-dollar construction contract for a frigate meant to succeed the LCS, service officials said earlier this month. Regional Stability "There is a lot of discussion about small-surface combatants, Littoral Combat Ships transitioning to frigates at some point," Richardson said. "That will be an opportunity for us to step into this new regime, if you will, of building ships that are fundamentally built to modernize over their life." Singapore is also bolstering its navy. Defense Minister Ng Eng Hen said on Tuesday the country would buy two more submarines to be operational by 2024, adding to two already on order, as it seeks to replace its older fleet. Richardson also attended the International Maritime Security Conference while in Singapore on Tuesday. Mohamad Maliki Osman, Singapore's senior minister of state for defense and foreign affairs, told the gathering that cooperation was needed to avoid miscalculation amid the military build-up in the region. "The U.S.-China relationship is the single most important factor that underscores stability in the region," Maliki said. "Strategic cooperation between the U.S. and China over issues such as North Korea brings stability to the region." © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Newsfront America needs more warships -- and must build them faster -- to keep up with other countries that are spending heavily on maritime prowess, according to the U.S. Navy's chief of operations. "Pace is an important part of our current world environment, including the security... Navy, Ships 789 Tuesday, 16 May 2017 07:22 AM 2017-22-16 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Press Advocate: Trump Asking to Jail Journalists Crossed the Line Tuesday, 16 May 2017 22:30 PM President Donald Trump crossed a "dangerous line" when he allegedly asked FBI Director James Comey to consider jailing j . . . Haley Echoes Trump Desire to Move US Embassy to Jerusalem Tuesday, 16 May 2017 22:14 PM Nikki Haley, the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations, said Tuesday she believes the nation's embassy in Israel should  . . . Family Denies DNC Staffer Leaked Information to WikiLeaks Tuesday, 16 May 2017 22:04 PM The family of a Democratic National Committee staffer who was fatally shot has rejected news reports that he leaked work . . . More Most Commented Report: Trump Revealed 'Highly Classified' Information to Russian Foreign Minister Monday, 15 May 2017 | 1108 comments Highly classified - yeah, there was employee #1 at the State Dept that... Source: Comey Only Willing to Speak With Congress Publicly Saturday, 13 May 2017 | 900 comments Comey will now morph from incompetent FBI head to vindictive thorn in the... Supreme Court Rejects Appeal over NC Voter ID Law Monday, 15 May 2017 | 805 comments Total BS! Every legal law abiding citizen has a photo ID. They use it to... NY Times: Comey Memo Says Trump Wanted Him to Drop Flynn Probe Tuesday, 16 May 2017 | 765 comments More BS...why would the so-called "constitutionalist" FBI director have... Trump Warns Comey: Hope There Are no 'Tapes' of Our Talks Friday, 12 May 2017 | 758 comments If the FBI is such a prestigious organization, then I have a few... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Boeing makes first 737 MAX delivery to Malindo Air after concern over engines Startup Spotlight: Phoresa is creating a ‘pregnancy-style’ test for infectious diseases Cloud Foundry now generally available for SAP customers, along with new infrastructure choices Elysium Space and Seattle’s Spaceflight plan to spread loved ones’ ashes in orbit SkyMapper Sighting signs up citizen scientists to hunt for supernovae Amazon’s next fashion challenge: Technology to help people find clothes that actually fit ‘Genius’ TV show highlights links between Einstein’s love affairs and love of physics Microsoft and United Nations team up for ‘landmark’ human rights technology partnership Cray now an official member of Cloud City with new “supercomputing as a service” strategy Conversica’s new Seattle office cements city’s status as AI and machine learning hotbed Hate going to IKEA? On-demand movers Dolly promote a run to the store to save you the trouble How the new Flying Fish venture fund aims to change the game for Seattle startups Amazon starts taking pre-orders for first Alexa-enabled 4K TVs The Snapchatification of Instagram continues as cute face filters are now an option on photos Glympse location sharing comes to Samsung TVs, lets users track friends, family, pizza from couch Genoa Pharmaceuticals raises $62M for clinical trials and names Bruce Montgomery CEO AWS maintains sizable lead as public cloud market grows 42% in Q1 Ahead of I/O, Google Cloud Platform adds new managed IoT service, releases Cloud Spanner Amazon adding opt-in Alexa notifications: Echo will chime and pulse green when info is waiting Hewlett Packard Enterprise unveils a monster computer that’s made for Mars 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Aerial photos: Construction begins on Google’s massive Seattle campus in Amazon’s backyard Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? Welcome to the new West Coast ‘megalopolis:’ Diving into the complex relationship between Seattle and Silicon Valley Microsoft issues ‘highly unusual’ ransomware patch for XP and other old Windows versions ‘You know who can afford a house in Seattle?’ Code Fellows pulls divisive ad touting software salaries Tech Moves: REI CIO named CTO at Lululemon; PicMonkey CEO hands reins to new leader; and more Trump signs cybersecurity executive order, mandating a move to cloud computing Go play near traffic! City of Seattle to officially open Arcade Park, as Pac-Man chomps pavement This high-school freshman went to Microsoft Build: What he learned about AI, the cloud and the future Hewlett Packard Enterprise unveils a monster computer that’s made for Mars Former Bitly CMO returns to Seattle, creates VC fund to provide NW startups with more early-stage cash Just three words: Here’s what Bill Gates would do today if he were just starting out Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin says BE-4 rocket test goes awry, but tests will resume soon Jeff Bezos explains Amazon’s artificial intelligence and machine learning strategy Python in Seattle, JavaScript in NYC? Study reveals top coding languages across major cities Amazon says caller blocking for Alexa/Echo is coming, amid customer complaints Amazon to create permanent shelter for homeless families on its Seattle campus Amazon Music product leader explains why Alexa is only available in 3 countries so far Trending: 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Space & Science SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket sends Inmarsat telecom satellite to high-flying orbit by Alan Boyle on May 15, 2017 at 4:55 pmMay 15, 2017 at 4:58 pm Comments  1 Share  285 Tweet Share Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket rises from Launch Complex 39A at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center in Florida, sending an Inmarsat satellite into space. (SpaceX via YouTube) SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket today launched the Inmarsat-5 F4 telecommunications satellite to a geostationary transfer orbit ranging beyond 22,000 miles in height – so high that there was no chance to bring the first-stage booster back for a landing. The rocket lifted off from Launch Complex 39A at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center at the beginning of the launch window, at 7:21 p.m. ET (4:21 p.m. PT). Over the past year, SpaceX has made Falcon 9 booster landings seem almost routine. But missions aimed at putting satellites in geostationary orbits typically require so much oomph that there’s not enough fuel for a controlled descent. Instead, the first stage tumbled back down to crash harmlessly into the Atlantic Ocean. SpaceX didn’t even bother to install landing legs on the rocket. Meanwhile, the Falcon 9’s second stage continued skyward to power Inmarsat’s 6.7-ton, bus-sized spacecraft into a low-Earth parking orbit. A later engine burn successfully put Inmarsat-5 F4 into its proper orbit for spacecraft separation. The Boeing-built satellite is the fourth of its breed, beefing up Inmarsat’s Global Xpress broadband data network, servicing customers on land, at sea and in the air. The three earlier satellites in the $1.6 billion constellation were launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan by Russian rockets. When the third satellite was launched in 2015, Inmarsat CEO Rupert Pearce said his company was switching to SpaceX because of the “unacceptably high failure rate” of Russia’s Proton rockets. Inmarsat started out as an international maritime satellite service provider, but the London-based company has branched out into fields ranging from in-flight Wi-Fi to connected cars. Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments 1 Share  285 Tweet Share Reddit Email Previous StoryWannaCry after the global ransomware attacks? Here’s what you need to know Next StoryVideo: How Made In Space plans to 3-D print huge structures in orbit Filed Under: Space  Tagged With: Falcon launch • Inmarsat • SpaceX GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories SpaceX postpones launch of EchoStar communications satellite due to high winds After delay, SpaceX launches EchoStar satellite – but forgoes rocket landing SpaceX Falcon 9 booster leans in for a landing at sea after launching satellite Woohoo! SpaceX Falcon 9 booster makes nighttime landing at sea after launching JCSAT-14 satellite Previous StoryWannaCry after the global ransomware attacks? Here’s what you need to know Next StoryVideo: How Made In Space plans to 3-D print huge structures in orbit Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Reach advanced levels of Linux mastery in one course bundle GeekWire Deals: Build a beautiful website with SnapPages—no design experience needed Most Popular on GeekWire 20 years after Amazon IPO, here’s what a $1,000 investment would be worth today Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Aerial photos: Construction begins on Google’s massive Seattle campus in Amazon’s backyard Amazon stock vs. Seattle real estate: Which was the better investment over the past 20 years? Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. RecruiterMoz Electronic Systems and Architecture EngineerKenworth Truck Company Staff Software Development Engineer – Growth/SEOOfferUp × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Non-Compete Agreements: Ties that bind the unwary, often unfairly Read More SPARC Apartments Opens at Bellevue’s Innovative Spring District Read More Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Non-Compete Agreements: Ties that bind the unwary, often unfairly Read More Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
News Sports Business Food 78° Full Menu 78° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Nation & World May 16, 2017 5:40 AM France's ATR delivers first planes to Iran as trade grows The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story PARIS European plane maker ATR is delivering small passenger jets to Iran, the latest big-budget deal to emerge in the wake of Iran's 2015 nuclear accord with world powers that ended years of sanctions. The first four ATR 72-600s were handed over to Iran Air in a ceremony Tuesday in Toulouse in southern France, where ATR is based. Iran Air finalized a deal last month with ATR for 20 twin-propeller aircraft, with an option to buy 20 more. The planes are worth $536 million at list prices though customers usually negotiate discounts. Iran has struck several large jet deals since last year, including with Boeing Co. and Airbus, though analysts have questioned whether there is demand for so many planes. Iran's population of 80 million people represents a large potential market. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 9 hours ago Police video shows man being tasered before being fatally shot 9:56 9 hours ago Police video shows man being tasered before being fatally shot 0:37 14 hours ago Jet crashes into New Jersey warehouse 1:58 2 days ago 72-year-old USM graduate: “I wanted to stay young” View More Video Nation & World 2 dead after tornadoes hit Oklahoma, Wisconsin The Latest: 1 death as tornado hits Oklahoma subdivision Nine people injured at demonstration outside Turkish Embassy in D.C. Besieged White House denies, defends as new bombshells hit ‘He never really had a chance to live’: Father charged with killing 7-week-old son Nation & World Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Electronic Flight Bag Industry Segments Based On Geography, Key Vendors, Driver, Market Challenge, Industry Trend 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Electronic Flight Bag Market: Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database PUNE, INDIA, May 16, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Electronic Flight Bag Industry Latest Report on Electronic Flight Bag Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study An Electronic Flight Bag (EFB) is a device that allows flight crews to perform a variety of functions that were traditionally accomplished by using paper references. In its simplest form, an EFB can perform basic flight planning calculations and display a variety of digital documentation, including navigational charts, operations manuals, and aircraft checklists. The most advanced EFBs are fully certified as part of the aircraft avionics system and are integrated with aircraft systems such as the FMS. These advanced systems are also able to display an aircraft’s position on navigational charts, depict real-time weather, and perform many complex flight-planning tasks. The Global Electronic Flight Bag market is estimated to reach 1.5 Billion USD in 2017. On the basis of region, North America is the largest market segment of Electronic Flight Bag, followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. In the report, Class 2 dominates the largest Application share in 2017. The objective of report is to define, segment, and project the market on the basis of type, application, and region, and to describe the content about the factors influencing market dynamics, policy, economic, technology and market entry etc. Leading vendors in the market are included based on profile, business performance etc. Vendors mentioned as follows: UTC Aerospace Systems International Flight Support (IFS) Astronautics Boeing CMC Electronics NavAero Airbus ROCKWELL COLLINS L-3 Communications Holdings Teledyne Controls Thales DAC International Lufthansa Systems FLIGHTMAN Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 Based on products type, the report describes major products type share of regional market. Products mentioned as follows: By Type Type A Type B Type C Based on region, the report describes major regions market by products and application. Regions mentioned as follows: North America Europe Asia Pacific Based on Application, the report describes major Application share of regional market. Application mentioned as follows: Class 2 Class 3 Class 1 If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 Some Major Points from Table of content: 1 Market Overview 1.1 Objectives of Research 1.1.1 Definition 1.1.2 Specifications 1.2 Market Segment 1.2.1 by Type 1.2.1.1 Type A 1.2.1.2 Type B 1.2.1.3 Type C 1.2.2 by Application 1.2.2.1 Class 2 1.2.2.2 Class 3 1.2.2.3 Class 1 1.2.3 by Regions 2 Industry Chain 2.1 Industry Chain Structure 2.2 Upstream 2.3 Market 2.3.1 SWOT 2.3.2 Dynamics 3 Environmental Analysis 3.1 Policy 3.2 Economic 3.3 Technology 3.4 Market Entry For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 4 Market Segmentation by Type 4.1 Market Size 4.1.1 Global Type A Market, 2011-2016 4.1.2 Global Type B Market, 2011-2016 4.1.3 Global Type C Market, 2011-2016 4.2 Market Forecast 4.2.1 Global Type A Market Forecast, 2017-2022 4.2.2 Global Type B Market Forecast, 2017-2022 4.2.3 Global Type C Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5 Market Segmentation by Application 5.1 Market Size 5.1.1 Global Class 2 Market, 2011-2016 5.1.2 Global Class 3 Market, 2011-2016 5.1.3 Global Class 1 Market, 2011-2016 5.2 Market Forecast 5.2.1 Global Class 2 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5.2.2 Global Class 3 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5.2.3 Global Class 1 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 6 Market Segmentation by Region 6.1 Market by Region 6.1.1 North America 6.1.1.1 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.1.2 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.1.3 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.1.2 Europe 6.1.2.1 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.2.2 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.2.3 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.1.3 Asia Pacific 6.1.3.1 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.3.2 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.3.3 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.2 Market Forecast Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious OCR Automated Fare Collection System Sales Market Analysis Covering Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecasts 2022 Next PostNext Gilat Reports Strong Year-over-Year Profitability Improvement in Q1 2017 Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Electronic Flight Bag Industry Segments Based On Geography, Key Vendors, Driver, Market Challenge, Industry Trend 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Electronic Flight Bag Market: Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database PUNE, INDIA, May 16, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Electronic Flight Bag Industry Latest Report on Electronic Flight Bag Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study An Electronic Flight Bag (EFB) is a device that allows flight crews to perform a variety of functions that were traditionally accomplished by using paper references. In its simplest form, an EFB can perform basic flight planning calculations and display a variety of digital documentation, including navigational charts, operations manuals, and aircraft checklists. The most advanced EFBs are fully certified as part of the aircraft avionics system and are integrated with aircraft systems such as the FMS. These advanced systems are also able to display an aircraft’s position on navigational charts, depict real-time weather, and perform many complex flight-planning tasks. The Global Electronic Flight Bag market is estimated to reach 1.5 Billion USD in 2017. On the basis of region, North America is the largest market segment of Electronic Flight Bag, followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. In the report, Class 2 dominates the largest Application share in 2017. The objective of report is to define, segment, and project the market on the basis of type, application, and region, and to describe the content about the factors influencing market dynamics, policy, economic, technology and market entry etc. Leading vendors in the market are included based on profile, business performance etc. Vendors mentioned as follows: UTC Aerospace Systems International Flight Support (IFS) Astronautics Boeing CMC Electronics NavAero Airbus ROCKWELL COLLINS L-3 Communications Holdings Teledyne Controls Thales DAC International Lufthansa Systems FLIGHTMAN Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 Based on products type, the report describes major products type share of regional market. Products mentioned as follows: By Type Type A Type B Type C Based on region, the report describes major regions market by products and application. Regions mentioned as follows: North America Europe Asia Pacific Based on Application, the report describes major Application share of regional market. Application mentioned as follows: Class 2 Class 3 Class 1 If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 Some Major Points from Table of content: 1 Market Overview 1.1 Objectives of Research 1.1.1 Definition 1.1.2 Specifications 1.2 Market Segment 1.2.1 by Type 1.2.1.1 Type A 1.2.1.2 Type B 1.2.1.3 Type C 1.2.2 by Application 1.2.2.1 Class 2 1.2.2.2 Class 3 1.2.2.3 Class 1 1.2.3 by Regions 2 Industry Chain 2.1 Industry Chain Structure 2.2 Upstream 2.3 Market 2.3.1 SWOT 2.3.2 Dynamics 3 Environmental Analysis 3.1 Policy 3.2 Economic 3.3 Technology 3.4 Market Entry For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 4 Market Segmentation by Type 4.1 Market Size 4.1.1 Global Type A Market, 2011-2016 4.1.2 Global Type B Market, 2011-2016 4.1.3 Global Type C Market, 2011-2016 4.2 Market Forecast 4.2.1 Global Type A Market Forecast, 2017-2022 4.2.2 Global Type B Market Forecast, 2017-2022 4.2.3 Global Type C Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5 Market Segmentation by Application 5.1 Market Size 5.1.1 Global Class 2 Market, 2011-2016 5.1.2 Global Class 3 Market, 2011-2016 5.1.3 Global Class 1 Market, 2011-2016 5.2 Market Forecast 5.2.1 Global Class 2 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5.2.2 Global Class 3 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5.2.3 Global Class 1 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 6 Market Segmentation by Region 6.1 Market by Region 6.1.1 North America 6.1.1.1 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.1.2 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.1.3 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.1.2 Europe 6.1.2.1 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.2.2 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.2.3 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.1.3 Asia Pacific 6.1.3.1 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.3.2 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.3.3 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.2 Market Forecast Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious OCR Automated Fare Collection System Sales Market Analysis Covering Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecasts 2022 Next PostNext Gilat Reports Strong Year-over-Year Profitability Improvement in Q1 2017 Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Electronic Flight Bag Industry Segments Based On Geography, Key Vendors, Driver, Market Challenge, Industry Trend 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Electronic Flight Bag Market: Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database PUNE, INDIA, May 16, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Electronic Flight Bag Industry Latest Report on Electronic Flight Bag Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study An Electronic Flight Bag (EFB) is a device that allows flight crews to perform a variety of functions that were traditionally accomplished by using paper references. In its simplest form, an EFB can perform basic flight planning calculations and display a variety of digital documentation, including navigational charts, operations manuals, and aircraft checklists. The most advanced EFBs are fully certified as part of the aircraft avionics system and are integrated with aircraft systems such as the FMS. These advanced systems are also able to display an aircraft’s position on navigational charts, depict real-time weather, and perform many complex flight-planning tasks. The Global Electronic Flight Bag market is estimated to reach 1.5 Billion USD in 2017. On the basis of region, North America is the largest market segment of Electronic Flight Bag, followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. In the report, Class 2 dominates the largest Application share in 2017. The objective of report is to define, segment, and project the market on the basis of type, application, and region, and to describe the content about the factors influencing market dynamics, policy, economic, technology and market entry etc. Leading vendors in the market are included based on profile, business performance etc. Vendors mentioned as follows: UTC Aerospace Systems International Flight Support (IFS) Astronautics Boeing CMC Electronics NavAero Airbus ROCKWELL COLLINS L-3 Communications Holdings Teledyne Controls Thales DAC International Lufthansa Systems FLIGHTMAN Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 Based on products type, the report describes major products type share of regional market. Products mentioned as follows: By Type Type A Type B Type C Based on region, the report describes major regions market by products and application. Regions mentioned as follows: North America Europe Asia Pacific Based on Application, the report describes major Application share of regional market. Application mentioned as follows: Class 2 Class 3 Class 1 If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 Some Major Points from Table of content: 1 Market Overview 1.1 Objectives of Research 1.1.1 Definition 1.1.2 Specifications 1.2 Market Segment 1.2.1 by Type 1.2.1.1 Type A 1.2.1.2 Type B 1.2.1.3 Type C 1.2.2 by Application 1.2.2.1 Class 2 1.2.2.2 Class 3 1.2.2.3 Class 1 1.2.3 by Regions 2 Industry Chain 2.1 Industry Chain Structure 2.2 Upstream 2.3 Market 2.3.1 SWOT 2.3.2 Dynamics 3 Environmental Analysis 3.1 Policy 3.2 Economic 3.3 Technology 3.4 Market Entry For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 4 Market Segmentation by Type 4.1 Market Size 4.1.1 Global Type A Market, 2011-2016 4.1.2 Global Type B Market, 2011-2016 4.1.3 Global Type C Market, 2011-2016 4.2 Market Forecast 4.2.1 Global Type A Market Forecast, 2017-2022 4.2.2 Global Type B Market Forecast, 2017-2022 4.2.3 Global Type C Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5 Market Segmentation by Application 5.1 Market Size 5.1.1 Global Class 2 Market, 2011-2016 5.1.2 Global Class 3 Market, 2011-2016 5.1.3 Global Class 1 Market, 2011-2016 5.2 Market Forecast 5.2.1 Global Class 2 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5.2.2 Global Class 3 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5.2.3 Global Class 1 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 6 Market Segmentation by Region 6.1 Market by Region 6.1.1 North America 6.1.1.1 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.1.2 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.1.3 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.1.2 Europe 6.1.2.1 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.2.2 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.2.3 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.1.3 Asia Pacific 6.1.3.1 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.3.2 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.3.3 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.2 Market Forecast Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious OCR Automated Fare Collection System Sales Market Analysis Covering Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecasts 2022 Next PostNext Gilat Reports Strong Year-over-Year Profitability Improvement in Q1 2017 Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Electronic Flight Bag Industry Segments Based On Geography, Key Vendors, Driver, Market Challenge, Industry Trend 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Electronic Flight Bag Market: Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database PUNE, INDIA, May 16, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Electronic Flight Bag Industry Latest Report on Electronic Flight Bag Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study An Electronic Flight Bag (EFB) is a device that allows flight crews to perform a variety of functions that were traditionally accomplished by using paper references. In its simplest form, an EFB can perform basic flight planning calculations and display a variety of digital documentation, including navigational charts, operations manuals, and aircraft checklists. The most advanced EFBs are fully certified as part of the aircraft avionics system and are integrated with aircraft systems such as the FMS. These advanced systems are also able to display an aircraft’s position on navigational charts, depict real-time weather, and perform many complex flight-planning tasks. The Global Electronic Flight Bag market is estimated to reach 1.5 Billion USD in 2017. On the basis of region, North America is the largest market segment of Electronic Flight Bag, followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. In the report, Class 2 dominates the largest Application share in 2017. The objective of report is to define, segment, and project the market on the basis of type, application, and region, and to describe the content about the factors influencing market dynamics, policy, economic, technology and market entry etc. Leading vendors in the market are included based on profile, business performance etc. Vendors mentioned as follows: UTC Aerospace Systems International Flight Support (IFS) Astronautics Boeing CMC Electronics NavAero Airbus ROCKWELL COLLINS L-3 Communications Holdings Teledyne Controls Thales DAC International Lufthansa Systems FLIGHTMAN Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 Based on products type, the report describes major products type share of regional market. Products mentioned as follows: By Type Type A Type B Type C Based on region, the report describes major regions market by products and application. Regions mentioned as follows: North America Europe Asia Pacific Based on Application, the report describes major Application share of regional market. Application mentioned as follows: Class 2 Class 3 Class 1 If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 Some Major Points from Table of content: 1 Market Overview 1.1 Objectives of Research 1.1.1 Definition 1.1.2 Specifications 1.2 Market Segment 1.2.1 by Type 1.2.1.1 Type A 1.2.1.2 Type B 1.2.1.3 Type C 1.2.2 by Application 1.2.2.1 Class 2 1.2.2.2 Class 3 1.2.2.3 Class 1 1.2.3 by Regions 2 Industry Chain 2.1 Industry Chain Structure 2.2 Upstream 2.3 Market 2.3.1 SWOT 2.3.2 Dynamics 3 Environmental Analysis 3.1 Policy 3.2 Economic 3.3 Technology 3.4 Market Entry For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 4 Market Segmentation by Type 4.1 Market Size 4.1.1 Global Type A Market, 2011-2016 4.1.2 Global Type B Market, 2011-2016 4.1.3 Global Type C Market, 2011-2016 4.2 Market Forecast 4.2.1 Global Type A Market Forecast, 2017-2022 4.2.2 Global Type B Market Forecast, 2017-2022 4.2.3 Global Type C Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5 Market Segmentation by Application 5.1 Market Size 5.1.1 Global Class 2 Market, 2011-2016 5.1.2 Global Class 3 Market, 2011-2016 5.1.3 Global Class 1 Market, 2011-2016 5.2 Market Forecast 5.2.1 Global Class 2 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5.2.2 Global Class 3 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5.2.3 Global Class 1 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 6 Market Segmentation by Region 6.1 Market by Region 6.1.1 North America 6.1.1.1 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.1.2 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.1.3 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.1.2 Europe 6.1.2.1 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.2.2 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.2.3 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.1.3 Asia Pacific 6.1.3.1 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.3.2 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.3.3 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.2 Market Forecast Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious OCR Automated Fare Collection System Sales Market Analysis Covering Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecasts 2022 Next PostNext Gilat Reports Strong Year-over-Year Profitability Improvement in Q1 2017 Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Electronic Flight Bag Industry Segments Based On Geography, Key Vendors, Driver, Market Challenge, Industry Trend 2022 Wiseguyreports.Com Adds “Electronic Flight Bag Market: Demand, Growth, Opportunities and Analysis of Top Key Player Forecast To 2022” To Its Research Database PUNE, INDIA, May 16, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — Global Electronic Flight Bag Industry Latest Report on Electronic Flight Bag Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study An Electronic Flight Bag (EFB) is a device that allows flight crews to perform a variety of functions that were traditionally accomplished by using paper references. In its simplest form, an EFB can perform basic flight planning calculations and display a variety of digital documentation, including navigational charts, operations manuals, and aircraft checklists. The most advanced EFBs are fully certified as part of the aircraft avionics system and are integrated with aircraft systems such as the FMS. These advanced systems are also able to display an aircraft’s position on navigational charts, depict real-time weather, and perform many complex flight-planning tasks. The Global Electronic Flight Bag market is estimated to reach 1.5 Billion USD in 2017. On the basis of region, North America is the largest market segment of Electronic Flight Bag, followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. In the report, Class 2 dominates the largest Application share in 2017. The objective of report is to define, segment, and project the market on the basis of type, application, and region, and to describe the content about the factors influencing market dynamics, policy, economic, technology and market entry etc. Leading vendors in the market are included based on profile, business performance etc. Vendors mentioned as follows: UTC Aerospace Systems International Flight Support (IFS) Astronautics Boeing CMC Electronics NavAero Airbus ROCKWELL COLLINS L-3 Communications Holdings Teledyne Controls Thales DAC International Lufthansa Systems FLIGHTMAN Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 Based on products type, the report describes major products type share of regional market. Products mentioned as follows: By Type Type A Type B Type C Based on region, the report describes major regions market by products and application. Regions mentioned as follows: North America Europe Asia Pacific Based on Application, the report describes major Application share of regional market. Application mentioned as follows: Class 2 Class 3 Class 1 If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 Some Major Points from Table of content: 1 Market Overview 1.1 Objectives of Research 1.1.1 Definition 1.1.2 Specifications 1.2 Market Segment 1.2.1 by Type 1.2.1.1 Type A 1.2.1.2 Type B 1.2.1.3 Type C 1.2.2 by Application 1.2.2.1 Class 2 1.2.2.2 Class 3 1.2.2.3 Class 1 1.2.3 by Regions 2 Industry Chain 2.1 Industry Chain Structure 2.2 Upstream 2.3 Market 2.3.1 SWOT 2.3.2 Dynamics 3 Environmental Analysis 3.1 Policy 3.2 Economic 3.3 Technology 3.4 Market Entry For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 4 Market Segmentation by Type 4.1 Market Size 4.1.1 Global Type A Market, 2011-2016 4.1.2 Global Type B Market, 2011-2016 4.1.3 Global Type C Market, 2011-2016 4.2 Market Forecast 4.2.1 Global Type A Market Forecast, 2017-2022 4.2.2 Global Type B Market Forecast, 2017-2022 4.2.3 Global Type C Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5 Market Segmentation by Application 5.1 Market Size 5.1.1 Global Class 2 Market, 2011-2016 5.1.2 Global Class 3 Market, 2011-2016 5.1.3 Global Class 1 Market, 2011-2016 5.2 Market Forecast 5.2.1 Global Class 2 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5.2.2 Global Class 3 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5.2.3 Global Class 1 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 6 Market Segmentation by Region 6.1 Market by Region 6.1.1 North America 6.1.1.1 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.1.2 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.1.3 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.1.2 Europe 6.1.2.1 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.2.2 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.2.3 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.1.3 Asia Pacific 6.1.3.1 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.3.2 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.3.3 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.2 Market Forecast Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym Norah Trent Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. +1 (339) 368 6938 (US)/+91 841 198 5042 (IND) email us here CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious OCR Automated Fare Collection System Sales Market Analysis Covering Size, Growth Factors, Demand, Trends and Forecasts 2022 Next PostNext Gilat Reports Strong Year-over-Year Profitability Improvement in Q1 2017 Search Recent Posts Hydrogen Cyanamide Market Report 2017: Top Countries, Manufacturers, Types and Applications Middle East and Africa Proppants Market-Segmented By Material Type and Geography-Growth, Trends and Forecasts 2017-2022 Calcium pantothenate Market by Type, Trends and Opportunities- Global Forecast to 2022 Middle East and Africa Epoxy Powder Coatings Market-Growth, Trends and Forecasts 2017-2022 Engine Mount Global Market by Sales Growth, Price, Type, Application and Manufacturers Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DATA Act: What agencies need to know•Civil service reform•Air Force cutting IT costs Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » France's ATR delivers first… France’s ATR delivers first planes to Iran as trade grows By The Associated Press May 16, 2017 6:39 am < a min read Share PARIS (AP) — European plane maker ATR is delivering small passenger jets to Iran, the latest big-budget deal to emerge in the wake of Iran’s 2015 nuclear accord with world powers that ended years of sanctions. The first four ATR 72-600s were handed over to Iran Air in a ceremony Tuesday in Toulouse in southern France, where ATR is based. Iran Air finalized a deal last month with ATR for 20 twin-propeller aircraft, with an option to buy 20 more. The planes are worth $536 million at list prices though customers usually negotiate discounts. Iran has struck several large jet deals since last year, including with Boeing Co. and Airbus, though analysts have questioned whether there is demand for so many planes. Download our Expert Edition e-book, Cyber: Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation. Advertisement Iran’s population of 80 million people represents a large potential market. Related Topics All News Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » France's ATR delivers first… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1868: President Andrew Johnson narrowly escapes impeachment by Senate vote Fed Photo of the Day EOD training dive Top Stories Long-term budget outlook: ‘We’re doomed. Any questions?’ Top Story USDA secretary: No workforce cuts planned for agency reorg Workforce Federal employee groups say Senate VA bill does little to tackle entrenched accountability problems Veterans Affairs GAO warns IoT system security spread too thin could create cyber gaps, increase risk of attack Technology Postal employees’ pay raise in the works as union contact nears final approval Pay THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 16, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8921 0.0102 2.24% L 2020 25.5429 0.0246 3.69% L 2030 28.5083 0.0416 5.24% L 2040 30.7209 0.0522 6.00% L 2050 17.6288 0.0335 6.69% G Fund 15.3212 0.0009 0.78% F Fund 17.7680 0.0136 1.75% C Fund 33.3608 -0.0163 7.16% S Fund 43.2437 -0.0257 5.78% I Fund 28.0493 0.2406 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Fiberglass Market for Aerospace Industry to Grow at a CAGR of 4.8% by 2021 – Key Vendors are Braj Binani Group, Jushi Group, PPG Industries, Saint-Gobain & China Beihai Fiberglass – Research and Markets DUBLIN–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „Global Fiberglass Market for Aerospace Industry 2017-2021” report to their offering. The global fiberglass market for aerospace industry to grow at a CAGR of 4.86% during the period 2017-2021. The report, Global Fiberglass Market for Aerospace Industry 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. One trend in market is implementation of composites in jet engines and aircraft interiors. Since the market for commercial air transport has been growing rapidly, the jet engines used in commercial aircraft account for a huge market value. Therefore, importance is being given to fuel efficiency, weight reduction, and increased performance efficiency of these engines. According to the report, one driver in market is demand for aircraft weight reduction and fuel efficiency. Fiberglass has a high strength-to-weight ratio, providing a weight saving of 20%-50% more than metal alloys. Its specific strength and modulus are higher than many other metallic alloys. Therefore, though fiberglass is lightweight, it provides the necessary strength required in aerospace applications. Fiberglass is used in aircraft to provide strong and lightweight body parts. Boeing, in its 787 Dreamline, used fiberglass as the main material in the airframe. By volume, it had 80% composites. The 787 Dreamline was 20% to 40% lighter in weight than other commercial planes. This low weight has resulted in a cut down in fuel consumption by approximately 40%. Also, Airbus A350XWB uses 53% composites such as fiberglass in airplane parts to reduce weight and fuel consumption. Key vendors Braj Binani Group Jushi Group PPG Industries Saint-Gobain China Beihai Fiberglass Other prominent vendors Advanced Composites ADVANCED Fiberglass Industry Composite Engineering & Design (C.E.D.) KCC Key Topics Covered: PART 01: Executive summary PART 02: Scope of the report PART 03: Research Methodology PART 04: Introduction PART 05: Market landscape PART 06: Market segmentation by application PART 07: Geographical segmentation PART 08: Decision framework PART 09: Drivers and challenges PART 10: Market trends PART 11: Vendor landscape PART 12: Appendix For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/bq7jg9/global_fiberglass CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Residential HVAC Global Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 Next PostNext Red Hot Chili Peppers Tickets at the KFC Yum! Center, Bankers Life Fieldhouse, US Bank Arena, and Sprint Center at CapitalCityTickets.com with Discount Code Search Recent Posts BUYINS.NET: CWBC, MMAC, PNNT, TRCB, MNOV, CLFD, Expected to Trade Higher After Bullish Insider Trading RPAI Signs Ulta Beauty Lease At Huebner Oaks Apliqo Launches a New Version of its Analytics and Planning Solution Aegis Health Group Announces the Return of Craig Smith as Chief Revenue Officer Gov. Ricketts, Novozymes Unveil $36 Million Investment in Blair RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone Home Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Broadband Cable Equipment FTTH IoT ISP Satellite Telco Test & Monitor Broadcast Advertising Ads Targetted Digital Radio DSO DTH/Satellite DTT/DSO FTA Pay TV Services VOD Catch Up Premium Business Funding IPO Joint Venture M&A People Regulation Policy Spectrum Standards Results Content app CA/DRM CDNs Games Piracy Production Rights UGC VR Work flow In Home Home Network PVR STB Mobile APPS Companion devices MNO Mobile TV Portable Media OTT Connected TV HbbTV IPTV Middleware IPG Search/Recommendation OTT UGC Research Consumer Behaviour Equipment Markets Social Media UHD Equipment Production Ultra-HD/4K White Papers Inmarsat heavyweight success for SpaceX By Chris Forrester May 16, 2017 SpaceX launched what is claimed as its heaviest-ever satellite on May 15th when a Falcon 9 rocket lofted an Inmarsat craft into orbit. London-based Inmarsat-5 F4 (5th generation, flight 4) is one of the company’s Global Xpress constellation and is the fourth craft in this fleet. This launch took the satellite into a geostationary transfer orbit, at 19.21pm EDT from the Cape Canaveral space station’s Launch Complex 39A. This is the same launch pad used by the Apollo missions, in particular Apollo 11 which took mankind to the first Moon landing. SpaceX did not recover the first stage of the expendable rocket, and had no plans to do so on this particular launch. Built by Boeing of El Segundo, California, the satellite is the fourth of this latest generation of Inmarsat satellites. The body of the satellite some 7 metres long, taller than a double-decker bus. Its solar panel measure some 40.6 metres across (wider than a Boeing 737 aircraft), and overall weighed some 6100 kgs. The GlobalXpress fleet supplies connectivity to the world’s maritime and aircraft fleets, as well as government use. Related posts: Launch for first Inmarsat Global Xpress Double success for SpaceX Inmarsat drops SpaceX for Arianespace SpaceX wins Inmarsat launch deal Another success for SpaceX You must be logged in to post a comment Login LATEST NEWS Free VoD from Pluto TV Jail sentences for DVD fraudsters Champions League Final in VR on BT Sport VR content creation market worth $41bn by 2023 Euskaltel acquires Telecable for €701m Amazon’s Grand Tour tops buzz OTT shows Advertisers: “We need better video ad experience” SES, LG demo 4K HFR Intelsat extends SoftBank deadline again FilmOn X settles copyright dispute Search Archive Select a Month Click to Select May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 July 2008 June 2008 May 2008 April 2008 March 2008 February 2008 January 2008 December 2007 November 2007 October 2007 September 2007 August 2007 0 Select a Category Click to Select Articles Broadband    Cable    Equipment    FTTH    IoT    ISP    Satellite    Telco    Test & Monitor Broadcast    Advertising       Ads       Targetted    Digital Radio    DSO    DTH/Satellite    DTT/DSO    FTA    Pay TV    Services    VOD       Catch Up       Premium Business    Funding    IPO    Joint Venture    M&A    People    Regulation       Policy       Spectrum       Standards    Results Content    app    CA/DRM    CDNs    Games    Piracy    Production    Rights    UGC    VR    Work flow Events Guest Blog    Inside Satellite    Off Message    Third Party Headline In Home    Home Network    PVR    STB Magazines    EuroMedia    IPTV Mobile    APPS    Companion devices    MNO    Mobile TV    Portable Media OTT    Connected TV    HbbTV    IPTV    Middleware       IPG       Search/Recommendation    OTT    UGC Photo Press Releases Research    Consumer Behaviour    Equipment    Markets Research Library    Research TV Channel Social Media UHD    Equipment    Production    Ultra-HD/4K Video White Papers Search by Keyword Broadband Broadcast Business Content In Home Mobile OTT Research Social Media UHD White Papers Shop Advertise Events Library Press Releases Newsletter Register About Us Copyright Advanced Television Ltd © 2001–2017 Maintained by Elrond Limited Advanced Television Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
Search for: Regulars Profile Comment The Econoclast Partner events Financial dictionary Microsites Special reports Banking Digital Banking Private Banking Investment Banking Retail banking Central Banking Islamic Banking Commercial banking Wealth Management Investment Management Asset Management Tax Pension Funds Hedge Funds Insurance Infrastructure Logistics Real Estate Project finance Inward Investment Strategy Corporate Governance Legal Management Government policy Consultancy Markets Aviation Science & Technology Forex & Brokerage Retail Energy Videos Awards Search for: ALL SECTIONS Regulars Profile Comment The Econoclast Partner events Financial dictionary Microsites Special reports Banking Digital Banking Private Banking Investment Banking Retail banking Central Banking Islamic Banking Commercial banking Wealth Management Investment Management Asset Management Tax Pension Funds Hedge Funds Insurance Infrastructure Logistics Real Estate Project finance Inward Investment Strategy Corporate Governance Legal Management Government policy Consultancy Markets Aviation Science & Technology Forex & Brokerage Retail Energy Videos Awards   Iran applies sanctions to 15 US companies Tehran has imposed a ban on 15 US companies in retaliation to President Donald Trump’s new sanctions   Tehran's latest sanctions against American companies are largely symbolic, but nonetheless continue difficult relations between Iran and the US  Middle East & Africa Author: James Stannard March 27, 2017 March 26 saw the Iranian Government impose sanctions on 15 US companies for alleged human rights violations and collusion with Israel to occupy Palestinian lands. The move has been described as a reciprocal act, made in response to renewed US sanctions on Iran, which were agreed in February following an Iranian missile test. What’s more, on March 24, US senators also agreed to a bipartisan bill to extend existing embargoes. The Iranian state news agency, IRNA, reported that any in-country assets owned by the listed US companies were liable to be seized. The decision has been met with great confusion, however, as it is unclear whether any of the firms do indeed have business dealings in Iran. The list of banned businesses includes defence companies, such as Raytheon, Magnum Research, and truck-maker Oshkosh. The latter was among those banned due to its most prominent business dealings being with Israeli armoured vehicle manufacturer Plasan. The Wisconsin-based company had also agreed to provide 200 tactical trucks to the Israeli Ministry of Defence in January. The firms have not provided immediate comment on the matter. Iran’s Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on March 26: “The imposition of new sanctions by the US is based on fabricated and illegitimate pretexts and amounts to an action against international regulations as well as the word and spirit of the [nuclear deal].” The list of banned businesses includes defence companies, such as Raytheon, Magnum Research, and truck-maker Oshkosh US firms currently have limited dealings with Iran. While the 2015 agreement of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA) promised Iran’s reintegration back into the global economy, progress thus far has been very slow. Although the US Treasury Department does issue some licenses for business dealings, the US still imposes sweeping primary prohibitions on Iranian citizens, as well as any persons and entities dealing with the country. Furthermore, while recent multibillion-dollar deals with the likes of Boeing and Airbus have signalled greater economic ties with the US on the surface, the reality is quite different. Official restrictions on US banks limit their interactions with Iran, while US suppliers are also put under informal pressure to steer clear of business ventures in the country. The present sanctions are more a political posture than an application of economic pressure on the US. With such light foreign investment in Iran at present, it is dubious whether any future sanctions imposed by the state could carry much economic heft either. Post navigation Previous article The DRC’s advantageous economic climate Next article Turkey’s war of words is mere puff – stability will supersede pride before real damage is done Patrick Dumars While the move by the Iranian regime has practically no effect on the U.S. economy, nor on the companies being sanctioned since few have any assets or business dealings with the regime, who is not on the list is telling. Boeing for example is not on the list of firms sanctioned, even though it is one of the largest military suppliers to Israel, but also happens to be selling Iran new commercial airliners to replace its aging fleet. The hypocrisy of the Iranian regime doesn’t end there since it ostensibly is imposing these sanctions for human rights violations against the Palestinian people by Israel, but excuses its own blatant human rights violations against the Syrian people through its proxies and armed forces fighting on behalf of the Assad regime. Related: China and US sign 10-point trade deal The impact of economic sanctions Adrift in Trump’s new century The politics of the IMF The rise and fall of the US mall JAB Holdings to buy Panera Bread for $7.5bn How Colorado became a global tech hub US approves $43bn ChemChina-Syngenta deal ZTE guilty of violating US sanctions China unfazed by development criticism Regulars Profile Comment The Econoclast Partner events Financial dictionary Microsites Special reports Banking Digital Banking Private Banking Investment Banking Retail banking Central Banking Islamic Banking Commercial banking Wealth Management Investment Management Asset Management Tax Pension Funds Hedge Funds Insurance Infrastructure Logistics Real Estate Project finance Inward Investment Strategy Corporate Governance Legal Management Government policy Consultancy Markets Aviation Science & Technology Forex & Brokerage Retail Energy Videos Awards About Contact Advertise Subscriptions Partner Events Special Reports Privacy Policy
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Ronak Bora Consumer Drone Market Global Research and Analysis 2024: Global Market Insights Inc. This latest CONSUMER DRONE Market research report offers in-depth analysis, key industry insights, market sizing & forecast on a granular level for key products, applications across number of regional markets. The report also analyses the CONSUMER DRONE industry from business strategy perspective, describing in detail growth drivers, pitfalls &challenges for participants, accompanied by a detailed competitive benchmarking including company market share analysis and detailed business profiles. Consumer Drone Market size is anticipated to witness growth during the forecast timeframe, owing to growing importance of drones-as-a-service and increasing use of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) to execute high-risk tasks. Technological advancements, such as geo-fencing and collision avoidance, that make drones flying safer, is expected to fuel consumer drone market growth. Request for an in-depth table of contents for this report @ https://www.gminsights.com/request-toc/upcoming/1590 Consumer UAVs are expected to gain prominence, owing to their ability for dynamic design concept and high-resolution video & image capturing. Midair photography aficionados are increasingly accepting drones in complimenting their hobby of capturing dynamic videos and images. Introduction of advanced gimbal systems and high-resolution HD 4K cameras are predicted to boost consumer drone market adoption in nature exploration and photography. Development of drones with hydrogen fuel cells, that conserve energy is an emerging trend in the market. This is expected to ensure longer flight hours. Enhanced flight capabilities and dynamic concept design of UAVs is expected to revolutionize electronics and gaming markets. Factors such as smaller flight time due to short battery life and registration obligations, to regulate official drone registration certificate issuance are anticipated to restrain consumer drone market growth during the forecast period. Commercial and civilian drone face risk of liabilities regarding drone use in crowded spaces. Skilled drone operator shortage, privacy & safety concerns, and lack of adequate evidence supporting capabilities of drones is expected to restrain consumer drone market growth during forecast period. Maintenance and repair complexities and privacy concerns are expected to challenge market growth. Consumer drone market is segmented on the basis of type of products and applications. Based on type of product, consumer drones are classified as nano, multi-rotor, hybrid, and fixed-wing. Multi-rotor drones are expected to dominate market during forecast period, due to increasing use in FPV racing and aerial photography. Nano drones are anticipated to witness significant growth, owing to their cost-effective operations. Fixed-wing type is increasingly used in FPV racing. Their simple design with fixed wing across the top improves flight and speed distance. These are being deployed for coverage of large areas, such as mapping and aerial surveillance. Hybrid drones operating on solar power are used in various applications such as surveillance and mapping. Asia Pacific consumer drone market is anticipated to witness substantial growth, owing to investment initiatives in China drone companies by U.S. investors. Additionally, strategies to build UAV production base in China to tap into developing industry is expected to surge industry growth. Some of the key consumer drone market players include Parrot, Yuneec Electric Aviation, DJI Innovations, 3D Robotics, Cheerson, Walkera, SkyTech, Boeing / Insitu, Hubsan, Northrop Grumman AeroVironment, Syms Toys, WL Toys, and Blade/Horizon Hobby. These players focus on new product development to integrate with technologies such as artificial intelligence and advanced positioning systems to make drones more powerful. For instance, renovation of consumer UAVs into flying smart devices platforms. These developments in the market are expected to increase product value, retain consumers’ interest longer, and expand product lifespan. Make an inquiry for buying this report @ https://www.gminsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/1590 Reasons to Buy This Report Global CONSUMER DRONE Market size & forecast by product & application. Growth drivers, pitfalls & industry challenges. Key CONSUMER DRONE Market growth opportunities & emerging business models. Competitive benchmarking with market share analysis and company profiles. About Global Market Insights: Global Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology.  Contact Us: Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Global Market Insights, Inc. Phone: 1-302-846-7766 Toll Free: 1-888-689-0688 Email: sales@gminsights.com Web: https://www.gminsights.com Blog: https://gminsights.wordpress.com Connect with us: Facebook | Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter     CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsConsumer Drone Market, Consumer Drone Market Forecast, Consumer Drone Market Industry, Consumer Drone Market Market, Consumer Drone Market Market analysis Industry, Consumer Drone Market Market Report, Consumer Drone Market Market size, Consumer Drone Market Overview, Consumer Drone Market share, Consumer Drone Market trends, Global Consumer Drone Market, Technology, U.S. Consumer Drone Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Global Pneumatic Tools Sales Market Report Emerging Trends and Analysis Next PostNext Global Radiation Shielding Windows Market from 2017 to 2022 Forecast and Analysis Research Report made available by Orbis Research Search Recent Posts Breast Imaging Market: Market Growth Factors, Applications, Regional Analysis, Key Players and Forecasts by 2022 UV Disinfection Equipment Market Outlook to 2022: Industry Insights, Top Companies Analysis, Market Driving Force and Investment Analysis for Business Development NCR to Keynote Self-Service Banking Europe 2017 Conference Air Flow-By Cooling Technology From Mercury Systems Achieves TRL-8 Hey Rocco: A lovable children’s book character bridges the distance between families RSS RSS Feed Business Directory Business Contacts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Ronak Bora Consumer Drone Market Global Research and Analysis 2024 This latest CONSUMER DRONE Market research report offers in-depth analysis, key industry insights, market sizing & forecast on a granular level for key products, applications across number of regional markets. The report also analyses the CONSUMER DRONE industry from business strategy perspective, describing in detail growth drivers, pitfalls &challenges for participants, accompanied by a detailed competitive benchmarking including company market share analysis and detailed business profiles. Consumer Drone Market size is anticipated to witness growth during the forecast timeframe, owing to growing importance of drones-as-a-service and increasing use of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) to execute high-risk tasks. Technological advancements, such as geo-fencing and collision avoidance, that make drones flying safer, is expected to fuel consumer drone market growth. Request for an in-depth table of contents for this report @ https://www.gminsights.com/request-toc/upcoming/1590 Consumer UAVs are expected to gain prominence, owing to their ability for dynamic design concept and high-resolution video & image capturing. Midair photography aficionados are increasingly accepting drones in complimenting their hobby of capturing dynamic videos and images. Introduction of advanced gimbal systems and high-resolution HD 4K cameras are predicted to boost consumer drone market adoption in nature exploration and photography. Development of drones with hydrogen fuel cells, that conserve energy is an emerging trend in the market. This is expected to ensure longer flight hours. Enhanced flight capabilities and dynamic concept design of UAVs is expected to revolutionize electronics and gaming markets. Factors such as smaller flight time due to short battery life and registration obligations, to regulate official drone registration certificate issuance are anticipated to restrain consumer drone market growth during the forecast period. Commercial and civilian drone face risk of liabilities regarding drone use in crowded spaces. Skilled drone operator shortage, privacy & safety concerns, and lack of adequate evidence supporting capabilities of drones is expected to restrain consumer drone market growth during forecast period. Maintenance and repair complexities and privacy concerns are expected to challenge market growth. Consumer drone market is segmented on the basis of type of products and applications. Based on type of product, consumer drones are classified as nano, multi-rotor, hybrid, and fixed-wing. Multi-rotor drones are expected to dominate market during forecast period, due to increasing use in FPV racing and aerial photography. Nano drones are anticipated to witness significant growth, owing to their cost-effective operations. Fixed-wing type is increasingly used in FPV racing. Their simple design with fixed wing across the top improves flight and speed distance. These are being deployed for coverage of large areas, such as mapping and aerial surveillance. Hybrid drones operating on solar power are used in various applications such as surveillance and mapping. Asia Pacific consumer drone market is anticipated to witness substantial growth, owing to investment initiatives in China drone companies by U.S. investors. Additionally, strategies to build UAV production base in China to tap into developing industry is expected to surge industry growth. Some of the key consumer drone market players include Parrot, Yuneec Electric Aviation, DJI Innovations, 3D Robotics, Cheerson, Walkera, SkyTech, Boeing / Insitu, Hubsan, Northrop Grumman AeroVironment, Syms Toys, WL Toys, and Blade/Horizon Hobby. These players focus on new product development to integrate with technologies such as artificial intelligence and advanced positioning systems to make drones more powerful. For instance, renovation of consumer UAVs into flying smart devices platforms. These developments in the market are expected to increase product value, retain consumers’ interest longer, and expand product lifespan. Make an inquiry for buying this report @ https://www.gminsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/1590 Reasons to Buy This Report Global CONSUMER DRONE Market size & forecast by product & application. Growth drivers, pitfalls & industry challenges. Key CONSUMER DRONE Market growth opportunities & emerging business models. Competitive benchmarking with market share analysis and company profiles. About Global Market Insights: Global Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology.  Contact Us: Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Global Market Insights, Inc. Phone: 1-302-846-7766 Toll Free: 1-888-689-0688 Email: sales@gminsights.com Web: https://www.gminsights.com Blog: https://gminsights.wordpress.com Connect with us: Facebook | Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter     CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews TagsConsumer Drone Market, Consumer Drone Market Forecast, Consumer Drone Market Industry, Consumer Drone Market Market, Consumer Drone Market Market analysis Industry, Consumer Drone Market Market Report, Consumer Drone Market Market size, Consumer Drone Market Overview, Consumer Drone Market share, Consumer Drone Market trends, Global Consumer Drone Market, Technology, U.S. Consumer Drone Market Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 2017 Global Pneumatic Tools Sales Market Report Emerging Trends and Analysis Next PostNext Global Radiation Shielding Windows Market from 2017 to 2022 Forecast and Analysis Research Report made available by Orbis Research Search Recent Posts Middle East High-density Polyethylene (HDPE) Market Segmented by Product Type, Services, Size, Shares, Applications, Growth Rate and Forecast by 2022 Alternators Market Share Worldwide Industry Growth, Size, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Global Fire Retardant Plywood Market Sales, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share Forecast to 2022 Find a happier, healthier, shiner new you at the Melbourne MindBodySpirit Festival! When a Competitive Freight Quote and Great Customer Service Is Not Enough Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
About US Contact US Registration Tuesday May 16th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Doorstop with Senator the Hon. Marise Payne, Minister for Defence and the Hon. Christopher Pyne MP, Minister for Defence Industry and Vice Admiral Ray Griggs AO, CSC, RAN – Acting Chief of the Defence Force By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  May 16, 2017  /  Comments Off on Doorstop with Senator the Hon. Marise Payne, Minister for Defence and the Hon. Christopher Pyne MP, Minister for Defence Industry and Vice Admiral Ray Griggs AO, CSC, RAN – Acting Chief of the Defence Force       Print       Email MIL OSI Australia – Source: Prime Minister of Australia Headline: Doorstop with Senator the Hon. Marise Payne, Minister for Defence and the Hon. Christopher Pyne MP, Minister for Defence Industry and Vice Admiral Ray Griggs AO, CSC, RAN – Acting Chief of the Defence Force PRIME MINISTER: … Vice Admiral Griggs representing the CDF, Admiral Immediate representing the Chief of Navy and Brendan Sergeant the Deputy Secretary from the Department of Defence. What we are releasing today is our Naval Shipbuilding plan. This is a plan for jobs, it’s a plan for security, it is a plan for the opportunity that investment in our defence industry brings not just today and tomorrow, but for generations to come. As this plan sets out, this $89 billion investment in the capability of the Royal Australian Navy, will secure the thousands of jobs of the most advanced type in manufacturing, in technology, in software, in construction, every category of skill at the cutting edge, in every respect is going to be required here at Osborne. It is a great national enterprise. This is the largest investment in our defence capability of our Navy ever in peace time. And it is at the very forefront of technology. We are here at Osborne as we begin to make the investments to enable this to occur. As Marise and Christopher will describe, already we are investing over a billion dollars in the facilities here to enable us to build the first two offshore patrol vessels, then the future frigates, then the submarines. Now, all of these platforms are absolutely at the cutting edge of technology, just as the Air Warfare Destroyers are today. We are continually pushing the envelope because we need to do that in a competitive world to keep Australia secure. That’s absolutely critical. But it also has enormous benefits for Australian industry. Defence, by its very nature, is at the forefront of technology, and the spin-offs and the benefits it delivers for industry right across Australia are enormous. Other countries have benefitted from that, as you know. So our shipbuilding plan is already under way, with the construction of the Pacific patrol vessels in Western Australia, and we will shortly be beginning the offshore patrol vessels here, closely followed by the future frigates and the submarines. This is a great national enterprise. This is nation-building. This is an end to the boom and bust pattern that we’ve seen with shipbuilding in Australia. Do you know, these air warfare destroyers were a commitment of the Howard Government. In 6 years of Labor, they did not commission one naval vessel from one Australian yard. So abandoned Australian ship-building. We’ve taken up that challenge and we’re setting it right. This is a continuous ship-building commitment, not just for today and tomorrow, but for generations to come. So I will ask the Minister for Defence to talk about the capabilities that we are delivering for the Royal Australian Navy, and I will then invite Christopher Pyne to talk about what this means for the Australian defence industry, and remember, we are doing all of this just a few days away past the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the Coral Sea. You know, we were there honouring in New York President Trump and I and many others, honouring some of those veterans, old gentlemen in their 90s, who had, fighting together, Australians and Americans, two great Navies, turned the tide of war when they were teenagers. We are providing the capabilities for the future, to keep Australia secure and safe, just as they did 75 years ago. Minister. MINISTER FOR DEFENCE: Thank you. Thank you very much, Prime Minister. To my colleague, the Minister for Defence Industry, always fabulous to be with you here in Adelaide. To the Acting Chief of the Defence Force, Acting Secretary of the Department, Admiral Mead, ladies and gentlemen, in February of last year, we released the Defence White Paper. The White Paper set out our plan for developing naval capability to ensure that we have the most capable, agile and potent Australian Defence Force that we are able to achieve, and today’s release of the naval shipbuilding plan delivers on the implementation phase of creating that capability. Starting with a plan to acquire 12 regionally superior submarines, a process which will be undergone here at Osborne. To develop 12 offshore patrol vessels and 9 future frigates. This is the essential basis of the development of naval capability that we have been working towards. If you read the Defence White Paper and you look at the steps that we set out in that process, what you see now in May of 2017 is the delivery of that Defence White Paper implementation process for this capability. The naval shipbuilding plan sets out the implementation arrangements for that. It sets out the essential facets that we need to ensure we are able to start the offshore patrol vessels here next year, that we are able to start the future frigates here in 2020 and that development of the future submarine continues in the strong and successful way it has so far. These are platforms, the future frigates, the offshore patrol vessels, the future submarines – these are platforms that will deliver to the Royal Australian Navy, deliver to the Australian Defence Force the capability that we need to ensure we are protecting Australia and our interests. Australians as well. As the Prime Minister says, that is the first job of the Government of any country, is the job that the Prime Minister and I and Minister Pyne take very seriously, and the announcement today of our Naval Shipbuilding Plan will enable us to continue with the implementation of the development of that capability. Thank you very much, Prime Minister. PRIME MINISTER: Thank you, Marise? MINISTER FOR DEFENCE INDUSTRY: Thank you very much, Malcolm, Prime Minister, for being here in Osborne to mark this particular milestone and my parliamentary ministerial colleague of course Marise Payne. Today is another milestone in this great national enterprise of Naval Shipbuilding. Can I point out and thank Prime Minister Turnbull because this is the most significant Commonwealth infrastructure project in Australia’s history and it is here at Osborne in South Australia. The largest project for any state, any territory, for the whole country, $89 billion of naval shipbuilding, twice the size of the National Broadband Network, much, much bigger than the Snowy Hydro scheme, and it is here in Adelaide. And today marks another one of those milestones. We have created through the Naval Shipbuilding Plan, the outline of what’s needed in terms of skills, infrastructure, industrial capability and collaboration between the states and territories, academia, and industry. But what is also demonstrates is that we are cracking on as a government. In the 14 short months since the Defence White Paper, we’ve made very significant decisions. We’ve awarded the submarine project to DCNS and the combat system integration and the submarine to Lockheed Martin and they are getting on with the job. We’ve closed the tender for the offshore patrol vessels and a decision will soon be announced about the winner of that tender. We’ve opened the tender for the 9 future frigates. We have asked OMT, Odense Marine Technology to design Osborne South the Naval Shipyard, we have those plans and in July we will turn the first sods on infrastructure down here at Osborne South for the naval shipbuilding part of the overall plan. And in today’s announcement, we are outlining $1.3 billion at least of infrastructure to be built here at Osborne and at Henderson in Western Australia because this truly is a national endeavour. $530 million on Osborne South, about the same on the submarine yard at Osborne North, and then the $230 million for the entire area, the common user facility and all the land around the ASC, because this is a 100-year project. This is going to be employing thousands and thousands of Australians, at least 5,000 by the mid-2020s, but thousands more for decades into the future as we deliver off shore patrol vessels, future frigates and submarines and then sustain those both here and in Henderson for decades into the future. So we decided it was important to own the entire site, so that all of the various people working here had to deal with one landlord. All part of our national security endeavour, building our industry, creating jobs and investment here in Australia, rather than sending that money overseas and into other people’s economies. The Prime Minister Turnbull decided and of course he was supported by his Cabinet, that that money should be spent here, as much of it as possible, to grow our jobs and our investment and critically our sovereign military capability because industry is part of that sovereign capability. As much as anybody else in the Defence Force, from the CDF to the welder on the air warfare destroyers. They are all part of this national endeavour. Thank you. PRIME MINISTER: Any questions? JOURNALIST: Prime Minister the plan makes clear that there may not be the skilled workforce here, to ramp up the entire 5,000 people may not be needed immediately, how many people can the government expect to be beginning (INAUDIBLE)  PRIME MINISTER: Well, Christopher has offered to respond to that as the Defence Industry Minister. MINISTER FOR DEFENCE INDUSTRY: So, we are talking about 5,000 plus jobs by the mid-2020s here at Osborne alone, and that is not including Henderson. We have awarded the contract for the design and building of the submarines to DCNS. We have to learn how to design and build submarines. Right now we have 60 Australians in Cherbourg in France learning about those skills and the design. They are building an Australia building, right in the Cherbourg shipyard and I hope that Malcolm or I or Marise will get to open it in the second half of this year. We will also be bringing white collar workers from DCNS to Adelaide to train and skill our workforce. It will be small numbers, it will be a minuscule number of the 5,200 plus, but obviously we want them to transfer their intellectual property to our workforce. We can’t just learn that from reading a manual, we’ll need them here. So the workforce will be overwhelmingly Australian and there will be a minuscule number of people here training, our Australians, in the skills that DNS CNS need to impart to us to build those submarines. But can I add another part of this plan is the Naval Shipbuilding College, which will be based in Adelaide but have a hub in other parts of the country to use all the talents that are already there to help grow that workforce. It is a great problem to have, but finding 5,000 skilled workers to do this job by mid-2020 is one of the most significant challenges in the national shipbuilding endeavour and that’s why we have decided to have a Naval Shipbuilding College to turn out 1500 people a year with the skills necessary to be part of naval shipbuilding that will also transfer to manufacturing, agriculture of course as well. JOURNALIST: But is it the case of having to bring foreign workers in because there is a shortage of labour generally on site in South Australia for this sort of scoping? MINISTER FOR DEFENCE INDUSTRY: No, we have not bringing foreign workers in to build these ships or submarines. We will be asking white collar workers from DCNS to come and train aspects of our workforce in the design and building of the Barracuda Shortfin submarines that are designed for Australian needs. JOURNALIST: [Inaudible] is expressing concerns about the timing of the Future Frigates. Would you say it’s pretty tight? MINISTER FOR DEFENCE INDUSTRY: Who does? JOURNALIST: ASPI. Are you confident of the timing and is there wiggle room in terms of [inaudible]? MINISTER FOR DEFENCE INDUSTRY: Well Tory, the truth is that Labor didn’t make decisions about naval shipbuilding in six years. That’s created the valley of death for the workforce here at Osborn and Henderson. It is a scandal that was allowed to happen. Under the Abbott Government and now the Turnbull Government, we’re making the decisions, the National Security Committee is making the decisions, that will try and ameliorate that valley of death, hence the Offshore Patrol Vessels are starting in 2018 here at Osborne and the Future Frigates in 2020. The timeframes are tight, they’re ambitious but they’re are achievable. We have made the decisions, without wasting time, without delays of our own, we have made the decisions to ensure those timeframes are met. I am very confident they will be met. In fact, that means 2018 for the Offshore Patrol Vessels and 2020 for the Future Frigates and 2022/23 for the submarines. The Prime Minister is the star of the show, perhaps -? PRIME MINISTER: You’re are doing very well, thank you. All the issues are well set out and discussed in the Plan. I’m just looking at the naval shipbuilding workforce chapter in this plan. A great deal of work has gone into this. It is of course, precisely why the Naval Shipbuilding College is being established to provide that training for the workforce. JOURNALIST: Outlining the spending, does it help assuage any of the perceptions in South Australia that they were dudded in the budget by a lack of new infrastructure? PRIME MINISTER: There is a substantial infrastructure commitment South Australia in the Budget, as you know, well over $3 billion and the potential for more. Particularly with the $10 billion rail fund. But as Christopher and Marise and I have been describing, the commitment to naval shipbuilding here in this state is the largest commitment of investment, Commonwealth investment, in any single state in the Commonwealth’s history. So this is truly nation-building, a great national enterprise. It brings with it that enormous employment boost. As Christopher said, picking up on Nick’s question, it is a classy problem to have, that you have got so many great job opportunities, you are having to peddle very fast to make sure you find the people and train the people to do them. JOURNALIST: Prime Minister on that point, there has obviously been disappointment from other states with shipyards that haven’t got work, Williamstown missed out in Victoria Western Australia, some people there are upset they haven’t got more shipbuilding work. Can you take us through the logic of making this the central location? PRIME MINISTER: Marise has offered to answer that, so I’ll invite her to do so. MINISTER FOR DEFENCE: Very happy to talk about that. The government took a very clear view that we needed to take a responsible approach to naval shipbuilding in this country. What we had had, over years and years, was a boom-and-bust process as the Prime Minister referred to in his opening remarks, which was in fact left in a hole for six years by the Labor Party during their term of government. The Rand Corporation did a review of the naval shipbuilding process in Australia. It’s a comprehensive review, well worth a read, which sets out the strategic changes that we needed to make sure we had a sustainable, productive efficient, naval shipbuilding industry in the country. Part of the process was to look at the sites where we can best make the most of the opportunities that existed, the work that was already done, the workforce base that was there. That essentially turned our direction to Osborne here and Henderson for small small naval vessels. That is part of the process we’ve undertaken. This is not an ad hoc ‘let’s get up today and decide that’s what we’re going to do’. This is a strategic process, which has been the subject of government decision for it long period of time. In advance of the Defence White Paper when we looked at the force structure review that underpinned that, we looked at the capability requirements that underpinned that, putting all that together, putting the Rand Report into naval shipbuilding in Australia as well, means that to get the best outcome, to ensure we have the best capability for the men and women that go to sea for the Royal Australian Navy, this is the desired outcome. We will have a naval shipbuilding industry that stands on its own two feet, that is renowned throughout the world and that sets the Australian Defence Force up with exactly the capability that it needs. We make no apologies for that. This is a very strategic process and one which we have taken very seriously. JOURNALIST: When it comes to [inaudible], what guarantees does this plan give the local supply chains here in South Australia or broadly across Australia? MINISTER FOR DEFENCE INDUSTRY: Guarantees that we can give, is what we have done in the past, our performance in the past. The Collins Class submarine is now an 82 per cent local build and sustainment in the state and across Australia. The Air Warfare Destroyers, one of which we are standing in front of, is 60% local built. So we’re not going to set a percentage target because we are not trying to reach a minimum, we are trying to reach a maximum. We’re trying to maximise as much of the local work as possible. Not just here in Adelaide by the way, this is a national enterprise that will reach across the country, just like the Joint Strike Fighter program. Just like the Collins Class was and so has been the Air Warfare Destroyer. We are spending $90 billion on Pacific Patrol Vessels, the Future Frigates and the submarines and of course, we want to maximise that percentage. But just picking a figure is an asinine process. I can point to what we’ve achieved so far. Air Warfare Destroyer 60%. Collins class 82%. We regard a local build – the definition of a local build is about 60% or above – I am absolutely certain that will be delivered in these projects. We are going to make sure it is because we have the defence industry policy statement, putting aside $1.6 billion in the next generation technologies fund. We have the Defence Innovation Hub, we have the Centre for Defence Industry Capability based here in Adelaide, to help our businesses and our companies here to create the skills and the capability to be part of the supply chain. And it’s happening already. Lockheed Martin is doubling its workforce. Northrop Grumman is doubling its workforce, Raytheon is increasing its workforce, Boeing by 800.  Everywhere you go in Washington and Europe, people are looking to come to Australia to be part of this great national endeavour to help transfer the skills here, those corporations employing local Adelaide people. Saab just started the building of a $40 billion expansion. They are making those decisions here in Adelaide and across Australia because of the government’s commitment, not just because it’s a plan for the future, we are actually doing it. Getting on with it, cracking on with the job. That is our demonstration of good faith. PRIME MINISTER: See the big objective here, is to make sure that so far as we can, every dollar we spend on defence capability, is spent in Australia. Now, obviously you can’t spend every dollar in Australia. But we want to spend as much as we can. We believe that historically we have been too much of a customer and not enough of a supplier for our own defence capability needs. That is the big strategic objective. Now, this is nation-building, it is unashamedly nationalistic. I believe, my government believes, that it is not only in the interest of secures the capabilities, the physical assets that our Defence Forces need, but also it secures our economic future, our industrial future, by having the skills and the industries that enable you to deliver the products of these advanced manufacturing processes in the defence sector right here. It has spill-over benefits into other industries and sectors and industries. So this is about national security and it is about economic security. It is about security. It is about opportunity. JOURNALIST: Prime Minister, the question just out of the Washington Post article, is Australia considering a ban on the use of laptops on flights? PRIME MINISTER: Certainly the Government is aware of the changes that have been made and you know, we are looking at it very closely, taking into account all the information and advice we are receiving internationally and working very closely with our partners and in due course, any announcements will be made formally through the Transport Minister. JOURNALIST: (inaudible) PRIME MINISTER: No, I can’t provide any additional details on a particular consular case. But I can say to you that, as Julie Bishop often observes, Australians do, many Australians travel a lot. There is over a million of us at any time overseas. From time to time, Australians get into trouble with the law in different parts of the world. We always provide consular assistance and help. We do so in a manner that is confidential, as between our consular officials and the people involved. I would say, without commenting on that or any other case though, I do want to make this point to all Australians, particularly those who are overseas or are planning to go overseas. When you travel outside of Australia, remember; you must obey the laws of the country which you are visiting. Now, they may very often be different from Australian laws. But you must obey the laws of the country you are visiting. We can provide consular assistance, but if you are in a foreign country, your obligation is to act within the law of that nation. That’s very important advice and also play close attention to the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Smartraveller site to get updated information about safety and other matters which may relate to your planned travels. JOURNALIST: On the banking levy, did you seek advice from APRA before implementing the levy and if [inaudible]?  PRIME MINISTER: Well, I can assure you that the regulators were consulted. They were consulted as part of the exercise, as part of the process by Treasury and the Government in preparing that proposed levy. So the answer to your question is yes, the regulators were consulted. Thank you very much. JOURNALIST: Eleni Glouftsis …  the AFL umpire PRIME MINISTER: Yes, isn’t that great? I saw her last year when she was first announced as a field umpire and I am just delighted that she is going to be the umpire for a senior game. That is fantastic and it follows on of the success of the Adelaide Crows, in the women’s AFL too, there is a great female tradition and female commitment to AFL in South Australia. Great work Eleni and all the best. [ENDS]     Print       Email Published: 2 mins ago on May 16, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: May 16, 2017 @ 7:44 pm Filed Under: 24/7, Asia Pacific Region, Australia, Australian Federal Government, Banking and Finance, Business, Defence, Economics, English, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Pacific Region, Prime Minister of Australia, Security NEXT ARTICLE → Defence celebrates National Families Week ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Joint doorstop interview, Campbelltown About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Victoria’s Advanced Manufacturing Sector Flying High Joint doorstop interview, Campbelltown Doorstop with Senator the Hon. Marise Payne, Minister for Defence and the Hon. Christopher Pyne MP, Minister for Defence Industry and Vice Admiral Ray Griggs AO, CSC, RAN – Acting Chief of the Defence Force Defence celebrates National Families Week Study Belt-Road benefits: CE © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Doorstop with Senator the Hon. Marise Payne, Minister for Defence and the Hon. Christopher Pyne MP, Minister for Defence Industry and Vice Admiral Ray Griggs AO, CSC, RAN – Acting Chief of the Defence Force PRIME MINISTER: … Vice Admiral Griggs representing the CDF, Admiral Immediate representing the Chief of Navy and Brendan Sergeant the Deputy Secretary from the Department of Defence. What we are releasing today is our Naval Shipbuilding plan. This is a plan for jobs, it’s a plan for security, it is a plan for the opportunity that investment in our defence industry brings not just today and tomorrow, but for generations to come. As this plan sets out, this $89 billion investment in the capability of the Royal Australian Navy, will secure the thousands of jobs of the most advanced type in manufacturing, in technology, in software, in construction, every category of skill at the cutting edge, in every respect is going to be required here at Osborne. It is a great national enterprise. This is the largest investment in our defence capability of our Navy ever in peace time. And it is at the very forefront of technology. We are here at Osborne as we begin to make the investments to enable this to occur. As Marise and Christopher will describe, already we are investing over a billion dollars in the facilities here to enable us to build the first two offshore patrol vessels, then the future frigates, then the submarines. Now, all of these platforms are absolutely at the cutting edge of technology, just as the Air Warfare Destroyers are today. We are continually pushing the envelope because we need to do that in a competitive world to keep Australia secure. That’s absolutely critical. But it also has enormous benefits for Australian industry. Defence, by its very nature, is at the forefront of technology, and the spin-offs and the benefits it delivers for industry right across Australia are enormous. Other countries have benefitted from that, as you know. So our shipbuilding plan is already under way, with the construction of the Pacific patrol vessels in Western Australia, and we will shortly be beginning the offshore patrol vessels here, closely followed by the future frigates and the submarines. This is a great national enterprise. This is nation-building. This is an end to the boom and bust pattern that we’ve seen with shipbuilding in Australia. Do you know, these air warfare destroyers were a commitment of the Howard Government. In 6 years of Labor, they did not commission one naval vessel from one Australian yard. So abandoned Australian ship-building. We’ve taken up that challenge and we’re setting it right. This is a continuous ship-building commitment, not just for today and tomorrow, but for generations to come. So I will ask the Minister for Defence to talk about the capabilities that we are delivering for the Royal Australian Navy, and I will then invite Christopher Pyne to talk about what this means for the Australian defence industry, and remember, we are doing all of this just a few days away past the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the Coral Sea. You know, we were there honouring in New York President Trump and I and many others, honouring some of those veterans, old gentlemen in their 90s, who had, fighting together, Australians and Americans, two great Navies, turned the tide of war when they were teenagers. We are providing the capabilities for the future, to keep Australia secure and safe, just as they did 75 years ago. Minister. MINISTER FOR DEFENCE: Thank you. Thank you very much, Prime Minister. To my colleague, the Minister for Defence Industry, always fabulous to be with you here in Adelaide. To the Acting Chief of the Defence Force, Acting Secretary of the Department, Admiral Mead, ladies and gentlemen, in February of last year, we released the Defence White Paper. The White Paper set out our plan for developing naval capability to ensure that we have the most capable, agile and potent Australian Defence Force that we are able to achieve, and today’s release of the naval shipbuilding plan delivers on the implementation phase of creating that capability. Starting with a plan to acquire 12 regionally superior submarines, a process which will be undergone here at Osborne. To develop 12 offshore patrol vessels and 9 future frigates. This is the essential basis of the development of naval capability that we have been working towards. If you read the Defence White Paper and you look at the steps that we set out in that process, what you see now in May of 2017 is the delivery of that Defence White Paper implementation process for this capability. The naval shipbuilding plan sets out the implementation arrangements for that. It sets out the essential facets that we need to ensure we are able to start the offshore patrol vessels here next year, that we are able to start the future frigates here in 2020 and that development of the future submarine continues in the strong and successful way it has so far. These are platforms, the future frigates, the offshore patrol vessels, the future submarines – these are platforms that will deliver to the Royal Australian Navy, deliver to the Australian Defence Force the capability that we need to ensure we are protecting Australia and our interests. Australians as well. As the Prime Minister says, that is the first job of the Government of any country, is the job that the Prime Minister and I and Minister Pyne take very seriously, and the announcement today of our Naval Shipbuilding Plan will enable us to continue with the implementation of the development of that capability. Thank you very much, Prime Minister. PRIME MINISTER: Thank you, Marise? MINISTER FOR DEFENCE INDUSTRY: Thank you very much, Malcolm, Prime Minister, for being here in Osborne to mark this particular milestone and my parliamentary ministerial colleague of course Marise Payne. Today is another milestone in this great national enterprise of Naval Shipbuilding. Can I point out and thank Prime Minister Turnbull because this is the most significant Commonwealth infrastructure project in Australia’s history and it is here at Osborne in South Australia. The largest project for any state, any territory, for the whole country, $89 billion of naval shipbuilding, twice the size of the National Broadband Network, much, much bigger than the Snowy Hydro scheme, and it is here in Adelaide. And today marks another one of those milestones. We have created through the Naval Shipbuilding Plan, the outline of what’s needed in terms of skills, infrastructure, industrial capability and collaboration between the states and territories, academia, and industry. But what is also demonstrates is that we are cracking on as a government. In the 14 short months since the Defence White Paper, we’ve made very significant decisions. We’ve awarded the submarine project to DCNS and the combat system integration and the submarine to Lockheed Martin and they are getting on with the job. We’ve closed the tender for the offshore patrol vessels and a decision will soon be announced about the winner of that tender. We’ve opened the tender for the 9 future frigates. We have asked OMT, Odense Marine Technology to design Osborne South the Naval Shipyard, we have those plans and in July we will turn the first sods on infrastructure down here at Osborne South for the naval shipbuilding part of the overall plan. And in today’s announcement, we are outlining $1.3 billion at least of infrastructure to be built here at Osborne and at Henderson in Western Australia because this truly is a national endeavour. $530 million on Osborne South, about the same on the submarine yard at Osborne North, and then the $230 million for the entire area, the common user facility and all the land around the ASC, because this is a 100-year project. This is going to be employing thousands and thousands of Australians, at least 5,000 by the mid-2020s, but thousands more for decades into the future as we deliver off shore patrol vessels, future frigates and submarines and then sustain those both here and in Henderson for decades into the future. So we decided it was important to own the entire site, so that all of the various people working here had to deal with one landlord. All part of our national security endeavour, building our industry, creating jobs and investment here in Australia, rather than sending that money overseas and into other people’s economies. The Prime Minister Turnbull decided and of course he was supported by his Cabinet, that that money should be spent here, as much of it as possible, to grow our jobs and our investment and critically our sovereign military capability because industry is part of that sovereign capability. As much as anybody else in the Defence Force, from the CDF to the welder on the air warfare destroyers. They are all part of this national endeavour. Thank you. PRIME MINISTER: Any questions? JOURNALIST: Prime Minister the plan makes clear that there may not be the skilled workforce here, to ramp up the entire 5,000 people may not be needed immediately, how many people can the government expect to be beginning (INAUDIBLE)  PRIME MINISTER: Well, Christopher has offered to respond to that as the Defence Industry Minister. MINISTER FOR DEFENCE INDUSTRY: So, we are talking about 5,000 plus jobs by the mid-2020s here at Osborne alone, and that is not including Henderson. We have awarded the contract for the design and building of the submarines to DCNS. We have to learn how to design and build submarines. Right now we have 60 Australians in Cherbourg in France learning about those skills and the design. They are building an Australia building, right in the Cherbourg shipyard and I hope that Malcolm or I or Marise will get to open it in the second half of this year. We will also be bringing white collar workers from DCNS to Adelaide to train and skill our workforce. It will be small numbers, it will be a minuscule number of the 5,200 plus, but obviously we want them to transfer their intellectual property to our workforce. We can’t just learn that from reading a manual, we’ll need them here. So the workforce will be overwhelmingly Australian and there will be a minuscule number of people here training, our Australians, in the skills that DNS CNS need to impart to us to build those submarines. But can I add another part of this plan is the Naval Shipbuilding College, which will be based in Adelaide but have a hub in other parts of the country to use all the talents that are already there to help grow that workforce. It is a great problem to have, but finding 5,000 skilled workers to do this job by mid-2020 is one of the most significant challenges in the national shipbuilding endeavour and that’s why we have decided to have a Naval Shipbuilding College to turn out 1500 people a year with the skills necessary to be part of naval shipbuilding that will also transfer to manufacturing, agriculture of course as well. JOURNALIST: But is it the case of having to bring foreign workers in because there is a shortage of labour generally on site in South Australia for this sort of scoping? MINISTER FOR DEFENCE INDUSTRY: No, we have not bringing foreign workers in to build these ships or submarines. We will be asking white collar workers from DCNS to come and train aspects of our workforce in the design and building of the Barracuda Shortfin submarines that are designed for Australian needs. JOURNALIST: [Inaudible] is expressing concerns about the timing of the Future Frigates. Would you say it’s pretty tight? MINISTER FOR DEFENCE INDUSTRY: Who does? JOURNALIST: ASPI. Are you confident of the timing and is there wiggle room in terms of [inaudible]? MINISTER FOR DEFENCE INDUSTRY: Well Tory, the truth is that Labor didn’t make decisions about naval shipbuilding in six years. That’s created the valley of death for the workforce here at Osborn and Henderson. It is a scandal that was allowed to happen. Under the Abbott Government and now the Turnbull Government, we’re making the decisions, the National Security Committee is making the decisions, that will try and ameliorate that valley of death, hence the Offshore Patrol Vessels are starting in 2018 here at Osborne and the Future Frigates in 2020. The timeframes are tight, they’re ambitious but they’re are achievable. We have made the decisions, without wasting time, without delays of our own, we have made the decisions to ensure those timeframes are met. I am very confident they will be met. In fact, that means 2018 for the Offshore Patrol Vessels and 2020 for the Future Frigates and 2022/23 for the submarines. The Prime Minister is the star of the show, perhaps -? PRIME MINISTER: You’re are doing very well, thank you. All the issues are well set out and discussed in the Plan. I’m just looking at the naval shipbuilding workforce chapter in this plan. A great deal of work has gone into this. It is of course, precisely why the Naval Shipbuilding College is being established to provide that training for the workforce. JOURNALIST: Outlining the spending, does it help assuage any of the perceptions in South Australia that they were dudded in the budget by a lack of new infrastructure? PRIME MINISTER: There is a substantial infrastructure commitment South Australia in the Budget, as you know, well over $3 billion and the potential for more. Particularly with the $10 billion rail fund. But as Christopher and Marise and I have been describing, the commitment to naval shipbuilding here in this state is the largest commitment of investment, Commonwealth investment, in any single state in the Commonwealth’s history. So this is truly nation-building, a great national enterprise. It brings with it that enormous employment boost. As Christopher said, picking up on Nick’s question, it is a classy problem to have, that you have got so many great job opportunities, you are having to peddle very fast to make sure you find the people and train the people to do them. JOURNALIST: Prime Minister on that point, there has obviously been disappointment from other states with shipyards that haven’t got work, Williamstown missed out in Victoria Western Australia, some people there are upset they haven’t got more shipbuilding work. Can you take us through the logic of making this the central location? PRIME MINISTER: Marise has offered to answer that, so I’ll invite her to do so. MINISTER FOR DEFENCE: Very happy to talk about that. The government took a very clear view that we needed to take a responsible approach to naval shipbuilding in this country. What we had had, over years and years, was a boom-and-bust process as the Prime Minister referred to in his opening remarks, which was in fact left in a hole for six years by the Labor Party during their term of government. The Rand Corporation did a review of the naval shipbuilding process in Australia. It’s a comprehensive review, well worth a read, which sets out the strategic changes that we needed to make sure we had a sustainable, productive efficient, naval shipbuilding industry in the country. Part of the process was to look at the sites where we can best make the most of the opportunities that existed, the work that was already done, the workforce base that was there. That essentially turned our direction to Osborne here and Henderson for small small naval vessels. That is part of the process we’ve undertaken. This is not an ad hoc ‘let’s get up today and decide that’s what we’re going to do’. This is a strategic process, which has been the subject of government decision for it long period of time. In advance of the Defence White Paper when we looked at the force structure review that underpinned that, we looked at the capability requirements that underpinned that, putting all that together, putting the Rand Report into naval shipbuilding in Australia as well, means that to get the best outcome, to ensure we have the best capability for the men and women that go to sea for the Royal Australian Navy, this is the desired outcome. We will have a naval shipbuilding industry that stands on its own two feet, that is renowned throughout the world and that sets the Australian Defence Force up with exactly the capability that it needs. We make no apologies for that. This is a very strategic process and one which we have taken very seriously. JOURNALIST: When it comes to [inaudible], what guarantees does this plan give the local supply chains here in South Australia or broadly across Australia? MINISTER FOR DEFENCE INDUSTRY: Guarantees that we can give, is what we have done in the past, our performance in the past. The Collins Class submarine is now an 82 per cent local build and sustainment in the state and across Australia. The Air Warfare Destroyers, one of which we are standing in front of, is 60% local built. So we’re not going to set a percentage target because we are not trying to reach a minimum, we are trying to reach a maximum. We’re trying to maximise as much of the local work as possible. Not just here in Adelaide by the way, this is a national enterprise that will reach across the country, just like the Joint Strike Fighter program. Just like the Collins Class was and so has been the Air Warfare Destroyer. We are spending $90 billion on Pacific Patrol Vessels, the Future Frigates and the submarines and of course, we want to maximise that percentage. But just picking a figure is an asinine process. I can point to what we’ve achieved so far. Air Warfare Destroyer 60%. Collins class 82%. We regard a local build – the definition of a local build is about 60% or above – I am absolutely certain that will be delivered in these projects. We are going to make sure it is because we have the defence industry policy statement, putting aside $1.6 billion in the next generation technologies fund. We have the Defence Innovation Hub, we have the Centre for Defence Industry Capability based here in Adelaide, to help our businesses and our companies here to create the skills and the capability to be part of the supply chain. And it’s happening already. Lockheed Martin is doubling its workforce. Northrop Grumman is doubling its workforce, Raytheon is increasing its workforce, Boeing by 800.  Everywhere you go in Washington and Europe, people are looking to come to Australia to be part of this great national endeavour to help transfer the skills here, those corporations employing local Adelaide people. Saab just started the building of a $40 billion expansion. They are making those decisions here in Adelaide and across Australia because of the government’s commitment, not just because it’s a plan for the future, we are actually doing it. Getting on with it, cracking on with the job. That is our demonstration of good faith. PRIME MINISTER: See the big objective here, is to make sure that so far as we can, every dollar we spend on defence capability, is spent in Australia. Now, obviously you can’t spend every dollar in Australia. But we want to spend as much as we can. We believe that historically we have been too much of a customer and not enough of a supplier for our own defence capability needs. That is the big strategic objective. Now, this is nation-building, it is unashamedly nationalistic. I believe, my government believes, that it is not only in the interest of secures the capabilities, the physical assets that our Defence Forces need, but also it secures our economic future, our industrial future, by having the skills and the industries that enable you to deliver the products of these advanced manufacturing processes in the defence sector right here. It has spill-over benefits into other industries and sectors and industries. So this is about national security and it is about economic security. It is about security. It is about opportunity. JOURNALIST: Prime Minister, the question just out of the Washington Post article, is Australia considering a ban on the use of laptops on flights? PRIME MINISTER: Certainly the Government is aware of the changes that have been made and you know, we are looking at it very closely, taking into account all the information and advice we are receiving internationally and working very closely with our partners and in due course, any announcements will be made formally through the Transport Minister. JOURNALIST: (inaudible) PRIME MINISTER: No, I can’t provide any additional details on a particular consular case. But I can say to you that, as Julie Bishop often observes, Australians do, many Australians travel a lot. There is over a million of us at any time overseas. From time to time, Australians get into trouble with the law in different parts of the world. We always provide consular assistance and help. We do so in a manner that is confidential, as between our consular officials and the people involved. I would say, without commenting on that or any other case though, I do want to make this point to all Australians, particularly those who are overseas or are planning to go overseas. When you travel outside of Australia, remember; you must obey the laws of the country which you are visiting. Now, they may very often be different from Australian laws. But you must obey the laws of the country you are visiting. We can provide consular assistance, but if you are in a foreign country, your obligation is to act within the law of that nation. That’s very important advice and also play close attention to the Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade Smartraveller site to get updated information about safety and other matters which may relate to your planned travels. JOURNALIST: On the banking levy, did you seek advice from APRA before implementing the levy and if [inaudible]?  PRIME MINISTER: Well, I can assure you that the regulators were consulted. They were consulted as part of the exercise, as part of the process by Treasury and the Government in preparing that proposed levy. So the answer to your question is yes, the regulators were consulted. Thank you very much. JOURNALIST: Eleni Glouftsis …  the AFL umpire PRIME MINISTER: Yes, isn’t that great? I saw her last year when she was first announced as a field umpire and I am just delighted that she is going to be the umpire for a senior game. That is fantastic and it follows on of the success of the Adelaide Crows, in the women’s AFL too, there is a great female tradition and female commitment to AFL in South Australia. Great work Eleni and all the best. [ENDS] CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious High Frequency Neonatal Ventilator Market Share, Trends, Growth Analysis, Opportunities & Forecast 2017-2021 Next PostNext World FMCG Packaging Market Top Manufacturers, Market Driving Factors and Key vendors forecast by 2021 Search Recent Posts Extraordinary Informatica Customers Receive 2017 Innovation Awards for Excellence around Intelligent Data Disruption Rimini Street, Inc. and GP Investments Acquisition Corp. Announce Signing of Definitive Merger Agreement Little Sleepy Head Participates in Third Amazon Best Deals Tracking the Culprit: SEC Technologies and Fraunhofer IPK develop Technology to Identify Criminal Activities in Enterprise Networks Trilliant Networks and Ho Chi Minh Power Corporation Complete Pilot of Vietnam’s First Smart City Communications Platform Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Slashdot Stories Firehose All Popular Polls Deals Submit Search Slashdot Login or Sign up Topics: Devices Build Entertainment Technology Open Source Science YRO Follow us: RSS Facebook Google+ Twitter Newsletter Become a fan of Slashdot on Facebook   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close binspamdupenotthebestofftopicslownewsdaystalestupid freshfunnyinsightfulinterestingmaybe offtopicflamebaittrollredundantoverrated insightfulinterestinginformativefunnyunderrated descriptive typodupeerror DEAL: For $25 - Add A Second Phone Number To Your Smartphone for life! Use promo code SLASHDOT25. Also, Slashdot's now on IFTTT. Check it out! Check out the new SourceForge HTML5 Internet speed test! × 91102587 story SpaceX Launches Super-Heavy Satellite Atop Falcon 9 Rocket (usatoday.com) 83 Posted by BeauHD on Tuesday May 16, 2017 @02:00AM from the heavy-lifting dept. SpaceX has successfully launched a heavy commercial communications satellite atop one of its Falcon 9 rockets today. "Weighing in at nearly 13,500 pounds atop the rocket, the fourth Inmarsat-5 satellite was the heaviest load lofted by a Falcon 9 yet," reports USA Today. From the report: The 230-foot rocket delivered the spacecraft larger than a double-decker bus to an orbit more than 22,000 miles over the equator. As a result, SpaceX did not attempt to land the rocket's first stage either at Cape Canaveral or at sea, and the Falcon 9 booster was not equipped with landing legs. The Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 satellite, built by Boeing, completes Inmarsat's four-satellite Global Xpress constellation focused on delivering high-speed broadband data to mobile customers, including commercial aircraft and ships and the U.S. military. space rocket technology ← You may like to read: → 38,000 People a Year Die Early Because of Diesel Emissions Testing Failures Tech Billionaires Are Asking Scientists For Help To Break Humans Out of Computer Simulation Electric Vehicles Can Meet Drivers' Needs Enough To Replace 90 Percent of Vehicles Now On The Road Stephen Hawking Calls Trump A 'Demagogue' Who Appeals 'To The Lowest Common Denominator' Leaked NASA Paper Suggests The 'Impossible' EM Drive Really Does Work Scientists Study How Non-Scientists Deny Climate Change Access Codes For United Cockpit Doors Accidentally Posted Online SpaceX Launches Super-Heavy Satellite Atop Falcon 9 Rocket More | Reply Login SpaceX Launches Super-Heavy Satellite Atop Falcon 9 Rocket Post Load All Comments  Full  Abbreviated  Hidden /Sea Score: 5 4 3 2 1 0 -1 More | Reply Login   Nickname: Password: Public Terminal Forgot your password? Close Close Search 83 Comments Log In/Create an Account Comments Filter: All Insightful Informative Interesting Funny The Fine Print: The following comments are owned by whoever posted them. We are not responsible for them in any way. Heaviest load to geosynchronous transfer orbit (Score:5, Informative) by Anonymous Coward writes: on Tuesday May 16, 2017 @02:05AM (#54424417) Heaviest to GTO, not heaviest overall. They've lofted bigger loads to low earth orbit. Iridium flight was over 9 tons. All Dragon missions to ISS (Dragon + Trunk + all the stuff inside and mounted in the trunk) are also heavier than this sat was. But different orbits, so this is legit heaviest satellite to this specific orbit. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by CeasedCaring ( 1527717 ) writes: Rotation would provide centrifugal force, simulating gravity, no need for artificial. /pedant Re: (Score:2) by zmooc ( 33175 ) writes: All space stations have real gravity. /dot Re: (Score:1) by K. S. Kyosuke ( 729550 ) writes: Centrifugal force is not simulating gravity but rather it is indistinguishable from it, according to GTR. /pedant^2 Re: (Score:1) by aleksander suur ( 4765615 ) writes: I think the basis was that there is no difference between moving through flat space following a curve and moving in a straight line through curved space. So no, in principle you can't tell the difference, for every acceleration felt and equivalent space distortion can be constructed. In practice planet does not produce equivalently shaped space distortion to acceleration of a centrifuge. One is spheroid other is cylindrical for starters. One causes forces towards a common center other causes forces away fro Re:Heaviest load to geosynchronous transfer orbit (Score:5, Informative) by Rei ( 128717 ) writes: on Tuesday May 16, 2017 @09:21AM (#54425737) Homepage Tidal forces beg to differ ;) F may be the same, but dF is very different. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by K. S. Kyosuke ( 729550 ) writes: I meant that the nature of the phenomenon is supposed to be the same, not "gravity vs. fake gravity". My impression was this was the big deal about GTR. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Dear Slashdot (Score:5, Insightful) by cheesybagel ( 670288 ) writes: on Tuesday May 16, 2017 @07:05AM (#54425113) Next time get your "News for Nerds" from a site other than USA Today: http://spacenews.com/spacex-la... [spacenews.com] See. Metric. Although in your defense the article did originally come from Florida Today which is usually a decent site for space coverage. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by hey! ( 33014 ) writes: True, but seven tons to GTO is hell of a lot more impressive than 9 tons to LEO. Re: (Score:2) by taiwanjohn ( 103839 ) writes: I suspect that people could adapt, just as they do to zero-g. But we've never tested it. Not even on mice. (Though I think there is such an experiment in the pipeline in the next year or two.) 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. Mysterious units (Score:2) by Gravis Zero ( 934156 ) writes: The 230-foot rocket delivered the spacecraft larger than a double-decker bus to an orbit more than 22,000 miles over the equator. Could someone please convert that to football fields? ;) 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: Mysterious units (Score:1) by bn-7bc ( 909819 ) writes: Yes thank you, converting a usless unit to anothher useles unit, thank you, why cant't pople stopp using silly units, use metric, metric works and makes sence On a more positive note, good to see SpaceX msking progress and delivering pay,oafs Re: (Score:2) by tsqr ( 808554 ) writes: Where can I get my own pay oaf. Are you one of them. Your spelling would indicate you do the pay very well. You need to pay better attention to punctuation. He said, "delivering pay,oafs", which means they are delivering both pay (shades of stagecoach payroll deliveries) and oafs (of which he may be an example). 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by dbIII ( 701233 ) writes: Here you go: http://www.convertunits.com/fr... [convertunits.com] The joke has got so old that someone has knocked up a conversion script for miles to football fields. Also the payload is around the mass of seven and a half Volkswagen Beetles. Libraries of Congress? I've got nothing. Re: (Score:2) by networkBoy ( 774728 ) writes: LoC/sec is a good BW measurement. Based on Boeing’s BSS-702HP satellite platform, each weighs in at around 6,100 Kilograms and hosts 89 Ka-Band transponders, supporting high user download speeds of 50Mbps and uplink of 5Mbps. and “A TB, or terabyte, is about 1.05 million MB. All the data in the American Library of Congress amounts to 15 TB.” So: download aggregate (50MB+89 transponders)/15TB == 0.000296666667 LoC/sec download and 1/10th that in upload. Re: (Score:1) by oobayly ( 1056050 ) writes: Over in the UK we prefer to use El Reg Standard Units [theregister.co.uk], for length it's Linquine, Double-decker bus or Brontosaurus. So, 22,000 miles is the equivalent [theregister.co.uk] of 1.61 mega-brontosauruses, which I think everyone can agree is much simpler to envisage. Re:Mysterious units (Score:5, Funny) by feargal ( 99776 ) writes: on Tuesday May 16, 2017 @04:16AM (#54424741) Homepage A football field is a unit of area, not distance. However, since we know a mile is eight furlongs, there's five furlongs to a kilometer, and approximately forty-five and a half brontosauruses per kilometer, we can quickly do the maths: 22,000 * 8 / 5 * 45.5 gives us an approximate distance of 1,601,600 apatosauruses. And since we know five brontosauses can be laid along the length of a football field we can correct the sentence from the article. The 500-linguine rocket delivered the spacecraft larger than 237,000 grapefruits to an orbit higher than 320,320 football fields if they placed vertically end-to-end over the equator. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: Mysterious units (Score:1) by danjump ( 4082013 ) writes: Shouldn't the football field be measured corner to opposite corner though? That's how all the cool kids measure screens Re: (Score:2) by feargal ( 99776 ) writes: You wouldn't be able to stack them vertically on that axis though, so it wouldn't be a useful measurement to give. You're right however, I should have at least specified that they were standard 340' football fields. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re: (Score:2) by wbr1 ( 2538558 ) writes: Football fields is an incompatible unit. Just request freedom units and let the neckbeards figure it out. Re: (Score:2) by CanadianMacFan ( 1900244 ) writes: Did you want CFL or NFL? There's a big difference in the length between the two with the CFL field being longer. 3 replies beneath your current threshold. http://www.sasken.com/industries/satcom (Score:1) by saskenseo ( 4881189 ) writes: http://www.sasken.com/industri... [sasken.com] 3 replies beneath your current threshold. 2 replies beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Why no recovery? (Score:1) by edxwelch ( 600979 ) writes: I was just wondering it says that they wouldn't attempt recovery of the first stage because the payload was so heavy, 13,400 lbs and it was to GTO orbit. That sort of indicates that the Falcon 9 is maxed out at that weight. But then if you look at the Wikipedia page it says that the max weight to GTO is actually a lot more, 18,300 lb. So, what gives? Is Wikipedia wrong? Re: (Score:2) by Big Hairy Ian ( 1155547 ) writes: 18,300 lbs is the maximum payload it can deliver to GTO if they don't try a recovery. If they wan't to recover the 1st stage the maximum payload is 10,690 lbs. Re:Why no recovery? (Score:5, Informative) by Ost99 ( 101831 ) writes: on Tuesday May 16, 2017 @07:06AM (#54425117) The limit for recoverability for GTO missions depends on weight and the exact orbit. A 5300kg (~11600lbs) GTO payload mission has been flown with recovery, wikipedia lists 5500kg as max (perhaps a bit optimistic) for reusable and 8300kg for expendable. With the same ~33% penalty in payload weight for a recoverable mission, the 5300kg reusable mission could have been a 8000kg expendable mission. In other words, the 6070kg mission flown yesterday was in just a bit over reusable weight and the in the lower end of expandable mode. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:1) by edxwelch ( 600979 ) writes: Right, so they could have made their satellite a lot heavier with at extra cost Re: (Score:1) by edxwelch ( 600979 ) writes: I mean, they could have made their satellite a lot heavier at no extra cost Re: (Score:2) by Ost99 ( 101831 ) writes: Probably. But the satellite was ordered in october 2013 and was built to the same specifications as the previous 3, ordered in 2010. It's not something they could or would change based on the improved performance of Falcon 9 (F9 1.2 FT). I think the satellite was booked on Falcon Heavy (FH), but the delay of FH and the improvements to F9 1.2 made it possible to launch as F9 expendable. Re: (Score:2) by Big Hairy Ian ( 1155547 ) writes: Not really. Although the bulk of the cost of launching is the cost of the Stages the cost of the fuel is not insignificant Re:Why no recovery? (Score:4, Insightful) by Kjella ( 173770 ) writes: on Tuesday May 16, 2017 @08:18AM (#54425407) Homepage Not really. Although the bulk of the cost of launching is the cost of the Stages the cost of the fuel is not insignificant Bzzzt, wrong answer [spacex.com] SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket currently carries a list price of about $54 million. However, the cost of fuel for each flight is only around $200,000 - about 0.4% of the total. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by religionofpeas ( 4511805 ) writes: And currently they use rather expensive RP-1 fuel (a highly refined form of kerosene). The new Raptor engine design will use methane, which is dirt cheap in comparison, Re: (Score:3) by Waffle Iron ( 339739 ) writes: They renegotiated their cost for RP-1. They now get it for closer to the price of jet fuel. (~$2/gal vs $8/gal). They also signed up for the loyalty card, so they get additional discounts on their groceries whenever they buy fuel. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Goddamn imperial units in a science article (Score:3) by Artem Tashkinov ( 764309 ) writes: on Tuesday May 16, 2017 @06:12AM (#54425011) That's 6123.5 kilograms for people who are thinking straight. Reply to This Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by cheesybagel ( 670288 ) writes: Actually people usually use metric tons to describe the weight of satellites or the payload of a launcher. So the way it should be done is say it was a 6.12t satellite. Re: (Score:2) by chihowa ( 366380 ) writes: Yeah, let's complain about customary units and then go ahead and convert through logical SI into more goofy customary units! It's 6.1 megagrams (Mg) or 6100 kilograms. Re: (Score:3) by Maritz ( 1829006 ) writes: Certain peoples' obsession with medieval units continues. Re: (Score:2) by jfdavis668 ( 1414919 ) writes: Sorry, I only us Planck units. 1 reply beneath your current threshold. Re:Goddamn imperial units in a science article (Score:4, Insightful) by The Raven ( 30575 ) writes: on Tuesday May 16, 2017 @10:31AM (#54426273) Homepage 6100 kilograms for someone actually thinking straight. Don't add precision when you convert. Reply to This Parent Share twitter facebook linkedin Flag as Inappropriate Re: (Score:2) by radarskiy ( 2874255 ) writes: If you can't handle your steam tables in units of BTUs per pound then you can just turn in your RPN calculator. 3 replies beneath your current threshold. Fast internet? (Score:2) by Trailer Trash ( 60756 ) writes: Regardless of the bit rate, there's considerable latency with a geosynchronous orbit. Radio waves travel around 186,000 miles/second, meaning a round trip to the satellite is 1/4 of a second. If you're typing in ssh, double that. Press a key, half a second later the letter appears. If you click a link that has to hit a server, same thing - 1/2 second of overhead. The way some web pages are made those half seconds are going to stack up. I know there are plenty of places where the latency won't matter, but Re: (Score:3) by Aqualung812 ( 959532 ) writes: I know there are plenty of places where the latency won't matter, but geosynch satellites will never have widespread usage for internet. I could see a mode where geosynch does the heavy lifting while other low latency & low bandwidth methods do the SSH and other low latency stuff. Imagine browsing the Netflix list while on a LEO sat, and then when you click on the movie, the stream comes from a high-bandwidth, high latency GEO sat. If that happens, then geosynch satellites may have a very high usage for Internet, in terms of bits moved. Re: (Score:1) by BradleyUffner ( 103496 ) writes: Radio waves travel around 186,000 miles/second, meaning a round trip to the satellite is 1/4 of a second. If you're typing in ssh, double that. Press a key, half a second later the letter appears. If you click a link that has to hit a server, same thing - 1/2 second of overhead So it's the world's highest Comcast simulator? Re: (Score:2) by Ranbot ( 2648297 ) writes: ...there's considerable latency with a geosynchronous orbit. ...The way some web pages are made those half seconds are going to stack up.... geosynch satellites will never have widespread usage for internet. Yes, but their commercial and military customers probably do not allow users surf the web like normal folks. The Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 satellite... focused on delivering high-speed broadband data to mobile customers, including commercial aircraft and ships and the U.S. military. And for those customers half second delays are probably really fast compared to the alternatives. Re: (Score:2) by angel'o'sphere ( 80593 ) writes: As the satellites are by coincident nearly exactly 1/10 of a light second away, the round trip is 2/10 of a second and not 1/4th. But well, that is close enough :D probably 1/4th is actually a tick closer than 2/10th, to lazy to do the correct math. Re: (Score:2) by Trailer Trash ( 60756 ) writes: As the satellites are by coincident nearly exactly 1/10 of a light second away, the round trip is 2/10 of a second and not 1/4th. But well, that is close enough :D probably 1/4th is actually a tick closer than 2/10th, to lazy to do the correct math. Light travels at 186,000 miles per second. 22,000 x 2 = 44,000. 44,000 x 4 = 176,000. 44,000 / 186,000 = .236. It's closer to 1/4 than 2/10. That's the actual math. 3 replies beneath your current threshold. You can go anywhere in world (Score:2) by glenebob ( 414078 ) writes: "You can go anywhere in world, and you’re still our customer,” said Pearce. “And you can do it on the move.” wat 4 replies beneath your current threshold. There may be more comments in this discussion. Without JavaScript enabled, you might want to turn on Classic Discussion System in your preferences instead. Related Links Top of the: day, week, month. 1042 commentsTech Billionaires Are Asking Scientists For Help To Break Humans Out of Computer Simulation 990 commentsElectric Vehicles Can Meet Drivers' Needs Enough To Replace 90 Percent of Vehicles Now On The Road 751 commentsStephen Hawking Calls Trump A 'Demagogue' Who Appeals 'To The Lowest Common Denominator' 711 commentsLeaked NASA Paper Suggests The 'Impossible' EM Drive Really Does Work 680 commentsScientists Study How Non-Scientists Deny Climate Change next Access Codes For United Cockpit Doors Accidentally Posted Online 102 comments previous 38,000 People a Year Die Early Because of Diesel Emissions Testing Failures 187 comments Slashdot Top Deals Slashdot Post Moderate Moderator Help Delete Get more comments 83 of 83 loaded Submit Story The young lady had an unusual list, Linked in part to a structural weakness. She set no preconditions. FAQ Story Archive Hall of Fame Advertising Terms Privacy Opt Out Choices About Feedback Mobile View Blog Trademarks property of their respective owners. Comments owned by the poster. Copyright © 2017 SlashdotMedia. All Rights Reserved. Close Close Slashdot Working...
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman United States Non Lethal Weapons Market Report 2017 In this report, the United States Non Lethal Weapons market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. Geographically, this report splits the United States market into six regions: The West Southwest The Middle Atlantic New England The South The Midwest with sales (volume), revenue (value), market share and growth rate of Non Lethal Weapons in these regions, from 2012 to 2022 (forecast). Get Free Research Summary Of The Repot: www.qyresearchreports.com/sample/sample.php?rep_id=102048… United States Non Lethal Weapons market competition by top manufacturers/players, with Non Lethal Weapons sales volume, price, revenue (Million USD) and market share for each manufacturer/player; the top players including Taser International Non Lethal Technologies Textron Systems Boeing BAE Systems Raytheon Bazalt LRAD General Dynamics Mossberg Heckler And Koch Smith And Wesson Colt’s Manufacturing Remington Arms Zarc International Penn Arms On the basis of product, this report displays the sales volume, revenue, product price, market share and growth rate of each type, primarily split into Gases And Sprays Explosives Directed Energy Weapons Electro Shock Weapons Other On the basis on the end users/applications, this report focuses on the status and outlook for major applications/end users, sales volume, market share and growth rate of Non Lethal Weapons for each application, including Law Enforcement Military About Us : QYresearchreports.com delivers the latest strategic market intelligence to build a successful business footprint in China. Our syndicated and customized research reports provide companies with vital background information of the market and in-depth analysis on the Chinese trade and investment framework, which directly affects their business operations. Contact US: Brooklyn, NY 11230 United States Toll Free: 866-997-4948 (USA-CANADA) Tel: +1-518-618-1030 Email: sales@qyresearchreports.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsLogistics & Transport Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Incap-konsernin liiketoimintakatsaus tammi-maaliskuulta 2017: liikevaihto kasvoi 26 %, materiaalikustannusten nousu vaikutti liiketulokseen Next PostNext Pierre Grosdidier for Law360: Defining The Scope Of Property Improvements In Texas Search Recent Posts Global Malonic Acid Market Report by Top Manufacturers : Lonza, Trace Zero, Tateyamakasei Middle East High-density Polyethylene (HDPE) Market Segmented by Product Type, Services, Size, Shares, Applications, Growth Rate and Forecast by 2022 Alternators Market Share Worldwide Industry Growth, Size, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Global Fire Retardant Plywood Market Sales, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share Forecast to 2022 Find a happier, healthier, shiner new you at the Melbourne MindBodySpirit Festival! Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by wiseguyreports Electronic Flight Bag Industry Global Analysis By Challenge, Key Vendors, Market Driver & Trend Forecasts 2022 Global Electronic Flight Bag Industry Latest Report on Electronic Flight Bag Market Global Analysis & 2022 Forecast Research Study An Electronic Flight Bag (EFB) is a device that allows flight crews to perform a variety of functions that were traditionally accomplished by using paper references. In its simplest form, an EFB can perform basic flight planning calculations and display a variety of digital documentation, including navigational charts, operations manuals, and aircraft checklists. The most advanced EFBs are fully certified as part of the aircraft avionics system and are integrated with aircraft systems such as the FMS. These advanced systems are also able to display an aircraft’s position on navigational charts, depict real-time weather, and perform many complex flight-planning tasks. The Global Electronic Flight Bag market is estimated to reach 1.5 Billion USD in 2017. On the basis of region, North America is the largest market segment of Electronic Flight Bag, followed by Europe and Asia Pacific. In the report, Class 2 dominates the largest Application share in 2017. The objective of report is to define, segment, and project the market on the basis of type, application, and region, and to describe the content about the factors influencing market dynamics, policy, economic, technology and market entry etc. Leading vendors in the market are included based on profile, business performance etc. Vendors mentioned as follows: UTC Aerospace Systems International Flight Support (IFS) Astronautics Boeing CMC Electronics NavAero Airbus ROCKWELL COLLINS L-3 Communications Holdings Teledyne Controls Thales DAC International Lufthansa Systems FLIGHTMAN Try Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 Based on products type, the report describes major products type share of regional market. Products mentioned as follows: By Type Type A Type B Type C Based on region, the report describes major regions market by products and application. Regions mentioned as follows: North America Europe Asia Pacific Based on Application, the report describes major Application share of regional market. Application mentioned as follows: Class 2 Class 3 Class 1 If you have any enquiry before buying a copy of this report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/enquiry/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 Some Major Points from Table of content: 1 Market Overview  1.1 Objectives of Research 1.1.1 Definition 1.1.2 Specifications 1.2 Market Segment 1.2.1 by Type 1.2.1.1 Type A 1.2.1.2 Type B 1.2.1.3 Type C 1.2.2 by Application 1.2.2.1 Class 2 1.2.2.2 Class 3 1.2.2.3 Class 1 1.2.3 by Regions 2 Industry Chain  2.1 Industry Chain Structure 2.2 Upstream 2.3 Market 2.3.1 SWOT 2.3.2 Dynamics 3 Environmental Analysis  3.1 Policy 3.2 Economic 3.3 Technology 3.4 Market Entry For Detailed Reading Please visit WiseGuy Reports @     https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/1283931-global-electronic-flight-bag-market-research-2011-2022 4 Market Segmentation by Type  4.1 Market Size 4.1.1 Global Type A Market, 2011-2016 4.1.2 Global Type B Market, 2011-2016 4.1.3 Global Type C Market, 2011-2016 4.2 Market Forecast 4.2.1 Global Type A Market Forecast, 2017-2022 4.2.2 Global Type B Market Forecast, 2017-2022 4.2.3 Global Type C Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5 Market Segmentation by Application  5.1 Market Size 5.1.1 Global Class 2 Market, 2011-2016 5.1.2 Global Class 3 Market, 2011-2016 5.1.3 Global Class 1 Market, 2011-2016 5.2 Market Forecast 5.2.1 Global Class 2 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5.2.2 Global Class 3 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 5.2.3 Global Class 1 Market Forecast, 2017-2022 6 Market Segmentation by Region  6.1 Market by Region 6.1.1 North America 6.1.1.1 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.1.2 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.1.3 North America Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.1.2 Europe 6.1.2.1 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.2.2 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.2.3 Europe Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.1.3 Asia Pacific 6.1.3.1 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market, 2011-2016 6.1.3.2 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market by Type 6.1.3.3 Asia Pacific Electronic Flight Bag Market by Application 6.2 Market Forecast Continued….. For more information or any query mail at sales@wiseguyreports.com About Us Wise Guy Reports is part of the Wise Guy Consultants Pvt. Ltd. and offers premium progressive statistical surveying, market research reports, analysis & forecast data for industries and governments around the globe. Wise Guy Reports understand how essential statistical surveying information is for your organization or association. Therefore, we have associated with the top publishers and research firms all specialized in specific domains, ensuring you will receive the most reliable and up to date research data available. Contact Us: Norah Trent +1 646 845 9349 / +44 208 133 9349 Follow on LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/wise-guy-research-consultants-pvt-ltd-?trk=biz-companies-cym CategoriesGoogle News, satPRnews Tagsaircraft, Airline Route Profitability Software Markets Industry, Airline Route Profitability Software Markets Manufacturing, Airline Route Profitability Software Markets prospects, Electronic Flight Bag, electronic flight bag growth, Electronic Flight Bag industry, electronic flight bag industry trends, electronic flight bag manufacturer, Electronic Flight Bag Market Growth, electronic flight bag market size, Electronic Flight Bag Market Trends, global electronic flight bag industry, global electronic flight bag market share, global electronic flight bag market trends Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Ceramic Resonators Market Analysis with Key Players, Applications, Trends and Forecasts 2022 Next PostNext United States Dietary Supplements Market Analytical Overview, Growth Factors, Demand and Trends Forecast Report till 2022 Search Recent Posts Global Malonic Acid Market Report by Top Manufacturers : Lonza, Trace Zero, Tateyamakasei Middle East High-density Polyethylene (HDPE) Market Segmented by Product Type, Services, Size, Shares, Applications, Growth Rate and Forecast by 2022 Alternators Market Share Worldwide Industry Growth, Size, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Global Fire Retardant Plywood Market Sales, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share Forecast to 2022 Find a happier, healthier, shiner new you at the Melbourne MindBodySpirit Festival! Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Space industry Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Regional Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Worship Directory Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Jobs Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition About Us Contact Us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile Apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/DailyBreezeNews Home â News â Business â Space industry Hawthorne’s SpaceX launches Falcon 9 rocket carrying communications satellite into space A Falcon 9 SpaceX rocket carrying a communications satellite lifts off from pad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla., Monday, May 15, 2017. The satellite will add to Inmarsat’s Global Xpress network linking airplanes, ships and other mobile terminals with broadband Internet and data services. (AP Photo/John Raoux) By Larry Altman, Daily Breeze and Megan Barnes, Daily Breeze Posted: 05/15/17, 5:19 PM PDT | Updated: 2 hrs ago # Comments SpaceX launched a Falcon 9 rocket from Florida on Monday carrying a commercial communications satellite. Credit SpaceX SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket successfully roared into orbit Monday from the Kennedy Space Center in Florida to deploy a 13,500-pound communications satellite for London-based Inmarsat, Elon Musk’s latest customer for his Hawthorne aerospace company. The 4:21 p.m. PST liftoff at Cape Canaveral marked SpaceX’s sixth launch in 2017. It was expected to deliver the Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite into space, where it can begin operating more than 22,000 miles above Earth. “It looks like we have a good parking orbit,” principal integration engineer John Insprucker said on the SpaceX webcast of the launch. More than 55,000 watched the broadcast on SpaceX’s YouTube site. Insprucker said the weather proved to be perfect for the launch. A subsequent one-minute engine burn-off to bring the spacecraft into geostationary transfer orbit went “just as planned,” Insprucker said. Although the video feed cut off at the time to deploy the satellite, engineers were overheard confirming the separation was successful. “We’ve had good orbits, good separation — all you can ask for today,” Insprucker said before signing off. Boeing built the satellite in El Segundo. • RELATED: Communications-satellite revolution gets off the ground at SpaceX, Boeing in South Bay SpaceX did not attempt to land Falcon 9’s first stage because of the mission’s fuel requirements to lift the heavy satellite into space. It did not have enough fuel to attempt a landing on a barge or on the ground. Inmarsat-5 F4 is the fourth satellite for the $1.6 billion Global Xpress constellation, the world’s first globally available, high-speed, mobile broadband service for ships, airplanes and ground stations, SpaceX said in a statement. The three previous satellites were launched by a Russian-based company in Kazahkstan. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off About the Authors Daily Breeze crime reporter since 1990. Reach the author at larry.altman@dailybreeze.com or follow Larry on Twitter: @LarryAltman. Full bio and more articles by Larry Altman Reach the author at mbarnes@scng.com or follow Megan on Twitter: @meg_barnes. Full bio and more articles by Megan Barnes Back to top Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. The Daily Breeze Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © The Daily Breeze Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Missouri Students Win National Championship in World’s Largest Rocket Contest Devin Lorenz, 24, led the team as mentor and sponsor and is also a TARC alumnus from the Festus High School TARC team that finished runner up in the 2009 Final Fly-off. “I’m amazed,” said Lorenz. “I didn’t even consider this a possibility. We wanted to get them to TARC and make sure they had a good time. It’s just an amazing accomplishment. I’m really proud of the team.” To achieve victory, the team Rylie Martin, 16, Ashton Croft, 15, Grace Basler, 16, Christopher Carden, 18, Cydney Breier, 18, Timothy Ruesche, 17, Ryan Brown, 17, Ed Bohnert, 17, and Joel Marler, 17, had to design and launch a rocket capable of meeting precise engineering standards and mission requirements while protecting a raw egg throughout the flight of the rocket. The top-10 teams divided more than $100,000 in scholarships; the “STEAM-y Rocketry Club” won $20,000 and a trip to the International Rocketry Challenge in June, courtesy of the Raytheon Company. “Our Team America Rocketry Challenge winners and all the students who competed demonstrated great skill, determination and spirit today,” said Aerospace Industries Association President and CEO David F. Melcher. “We’ll be rooting for our champions to keep the international title with the U.S. for the third consecutive year. We’re very proud of all the teams that helped make TARC’s 15th anniversary a memorable one.” Since 2002, more than 65,000 middle and high school students have experienced hands-on engineering through the award-winning TARC program, developing skills to assist them in careers in STEM and aerospace. TARC, the aerospace and defense industry’s flagship STEM program, is sponsored by the Aerospace Industries Association, the National Association of Rocketry (NAR) and more than 20 industry partners, including the Raytheon Company, the Boeing Company, Lockheed Martin Corporation and Thales USA. “This is the 12th year that Raytheon has sponsored the Team America Rocketry Challenge, and each year we find the level of individual and collective team commitment to be truly inspiring,” said Thomas A. Kennedy, Raytheon Chairman and CEO. “As the rocket scientists of tomorrow, the young competitors exude an enthusiasm that is every bit as important as their knowledge and use of STEM. Together, you see the promise of leadership for our next-generation workforce and the technology advancements of the future.” For complete competition results and high-resolution images please contact rocketcontest@aia-aerospace.org or visit the Team America Rocketry Challenge site. ### -AIA- Facebook | Flickr | LinkedIn | Twitter | YouTube 1000 Wilson Boulevard, Suite 1700, Arlington, VA 22209Wilson (703) 358-1000 www.aia-aerospace.org Founded in 1919 shortly after the birth of flight, the Aerospace Industries Association is the most authoritative and influential trade association representing the nation’s leading manufacturers and suppliers of civil, military and business aircraft, helicopters, unmanned aircraft systems, space systems, aircraft engines, homeland and cybersecurity systems, materiel and related components, equipment services and information technology. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Broadcast Feed Annoucement Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ecopetrol S.A.’S Board of Directors Approves Membership of Committees Next PostNext Costar Technologies, Inc. Announces Financial Results For the First Quarter Ended March 31, 2017 Search Recent Posts Global Malonic Acid Market Report by Top Manufacturers : Lonza, Trace Zero, Tateyamakasei Middle East High-density Polyethylene (HDPE) Market Segmented by Product Type, Services, Size, Shares, Applications, Growth Rate and Forecast by 2022 Alternators Market Share Worldwide Industry Growth, Size, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Global Fire Retardant Plywood Market Sales, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share Forecast to 2022 Find a happier, healthier, shiner new you at the Melbourne MindBodySpirit Festival! Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Weather 76° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close SpaceX launches satellite atop Falcon 9 rocket One of the heaviest satellites ever launched blasted off into space Monday evening. James Dean, Florida Today , KHOU 10:56 PM. CDT May 15, 2017 A SpaceX rocket sits on launch pad 39A as it is prepared for the NROL-76 launch on April 29, 2017 in Cape Canaveral, Florida. (Photo by Joe Raedle/Getty Images) (Photo: Joe Raedle, 2017 Getty Images) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST MELBOURNE, Fla. — A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket blasted into a beautiful blue sky over Florida's Atlantic Coast Monday night, hauling a “behemoth” commercial communications satellite from Kennedy Space Center. Weighing in at nearly 13,500 pounds atop the rocket, the fourth Inmarsat-5 satellite was the heaviest load lofted by a Falcon 9 yet. The 230-foot rocket delivered the spacecraft larger than a double-decker bus to an orbit more than 22,000 miles over the equator. As a result, SpaceX did not attempt to land the rocket’s first stage either at Cape Canaveral or at sea, and the Falcon 9 booster was not equipped with landing legs. London-based Inmarsat, which has a Palm Bay, Fla., office with about 200 employees, initially booked the mission on a Falcon Heavy rocket. SpaceX’s heavy-lift launcher could debut later this year, but for schedule reasons the mission was switched to the latest version of the Falcon 9. The Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 satellite, built by Boeing, completes Inmarsat’s four-satellite Global Xpress constellation focused on delivering high-speed broadband data to mobile customers, including commercial aircraft and ships and the U.S. military. Inmarsat CEO Rupert Pearce said earlier that “everyone at Inmarsat, SpaceX and Boeing is really, really pumped about this launch. It’s a very significant one for us at Inmarsat, because we call it the end of the beginning of the Global Xpress era.” © 2017 Florida Today CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS VERIFY: Is Hobby Lobby closing? Toddler rides in lap of driver on freeway Burn injuries at church school in Memorial President defends his use of classified info Not enough homes for animals in Houston Houston Congressman wants President Trump impeached Senators pass Sandra Bland Act Plea to find accused killer on the run GCSO: 10 arrested on felony drug charges at Middlelands festival Ransomware hack linked to North Korea More Stories Speeding wrecker drivers seen narrowly missing cars May 16, 2017, 11:11 p.m. 12 preschool kids hurt in flash fire in Bunker Hill May 16, 2017, 12:09 p.m. 2-year-old girl drowns at a SW Houston home May 16, 2017, 3:25 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Animals Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump James Comey ObamaCare Just In... Study: 6M with pre-existing conditions could be charged more under GOP plan Healthcare — 0s ago Nine protesters injured after Trump-Erdogan meeting: report News — 3h 25m ago Sanders: 'Trump doesn't fully understand' being president Blog Briefing Room — 3h 32m ago Potential 2020 Dems look beyond Trump Campaign — 3h 41m ago Ransomware attack inflames intelligence scrutiny Technology — 3h 42m ago GOP House runoff in SC too close to call Campaign — 3h 53m ago CNN analyst: 'We're in impeachment territory' Blog Briefing Room — 4h 19m ago Trump disclosure of classified intel may have endangered spy: report Administration — 4h 40m ago view all   Lobbying World By The Hill staff - 05/16/17 07:48 PM EDT 0   The American Hotel & Lodging Association has named Kevin Carey its executive vice president and chief operating officer, a newly created position. Before that, he held top posts at American Express.  Brownstein Hyatt Farber Schreck hired Drew Littman to serve as a policy director in its Washington office. He comes from the Department of Health and Human Services, where he served as a senior counselor to then-Secretary Sylvia Mathews Burwell during the Obama administration. Littman has also worked at Venn Strategies, a lobbyist for Solazyme — a biotechnology company now known as TerraVia — and as the chief of staff to Sen. Al FrankenAl FrankenLobbying World Poll: Biden is top Dem in 2020 matchup with Trump Why does air travel seem so miserable? MORE (D-Minn.). ADVERTISEMENT Leigh Ann Pusey, who served as CEO of the American Insurance Association for the last eight years, will join Eli Lilly as a senior vice president of corporate affairs and communications. She begins on June 12. Pusey had been with AIA since December 1996. Andre Banks has become the executive vice president of the social impact and philanthropy practice at BerlinRosen. He has extensive charity and philanthropic experience. Most recently, Banks has been an independent consultant, advising Google Brand Studio, Human Rights Watch and SEIU on campaigns and brand development. Before that, he founded and then served as executive director of an international philanthropic network called All Out.  Consumer Reports hired Jessica Rich, who served as director of the Federal Trade Commission’s Bureau of Consumer Protection, to serve as vice president of consumer policy and mobilization. Virginia state Delegate Dave Albo (R), who has served for 24 years, will join Williams Mullen in its government relations practice. In April, he announced that he would not seek reelection and will join the firm shortly after he steps down from office in the fall. Cornerstone Government hired Chris Sarley away from Capitol Hill. He has spent 14 years working in Congress, most recently as the policy director for Rep. John Shimkus (R-Ill.), and held a senior role on the House Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Environment. Boeing has hired Bob Simmons, the GOP staff director for the House Armed Services Committee. Erin Polak has been named senior director for federal government relations at the biopharmaceutical company Celgene. Prior to that, she held a similar role at the drug manufacturer Merck.   Tags Al Franken   View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 GOP nears total exasperation with... Exasperated Republicans in the House and Senate are growing tired of... 1,520 Shares 2 Snowden on ransomware attack: 'It'... Edward Snowden also called the ongoing ransomware scourge "a perfect storm... 427 Shares 3 Eight days that shook Trump's... It was supposed to be a quiet week.The White House had just earned its... 262 Shares 4 Israeli intelligence ‘boiling mad... One Israeli intelligence officer said Trump had "confirmed" Israel's "... 207 Shares 5 McCain: Trump scandals reaching '... Arizona Sen. John McCain (R) reportedly said Tuesday that scandals within... 197 Shares 6 Independent senator: Impeachment... Sen. Angus King, a Maine independent who caucuses with Democrats, said he... 164 Shares 7 White House scrambles to limit... The White House scrambled on Tuesday to limit the damage from President... 142 Shares 8 Chaffetz ready to issue subpoena... House Oversight Committee Chairman Jason Chaffetz (R-Utah) indicated he’s... 126 Shares 9 Fox host: No Republicans 'willing... Fox News host Bret Baier shared Tuesday there weren't "any Republicans... 122 Shares 10 Fallon finds similarities between... “Tonight Show” host Jimmy Fallon on Monday aired a video comparing... 115 Shares 11 Frustration abounds in Trump White... Trump World has a blunt message for the president: empower your staff or... 114 Shares 12 Trump asked Comey to end Flynn... President Trump asked former FBI Director James Comey to end the federal... 104 Shares 13 CNN analyst: 'We're in impeachment...  CNN political analyst David Gergen said Tuesday that he believe President... 93 Shares 14 NYT report: Trump told Comey to... President Trump reportedly told now-ousted FBI Director James Comey to... 80 Shares 15 Trump called McMaster 'a pain' who... President Trump has called National Security Adviser H.R. McMaster "a pain... 76 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science     Money Video Travel Columnists Money Home Markets Saving & banking Investing Bills Cars Holidays Cards & loans Pensions Mortgages & home Experts Buy-to-let My Profile Logout Login Feedback HomeTop Share show ad MARKET REPORT: Armchair investors favourite Hargreaves Lansdown plummets as US firm offers rival services at less than half the price By Daniel Flynn For The Daily Mail Published: 17:33 EDT, 16 May 2017 | Updated: 17:36 EDT, 16 May 2017 e-mail 5 View comments Investment house Hargreaves Lansdown saw £583million wiped off its value yesterday as shareholders worried it could lose large swathes of customers to lower-cost rivals. Hargreaves is the go-to service for armchair investors who fancy a punt on the stock market. Users can either invest directly in companies or through portfolios run by fund managers. But the firm suffered its biggest one-day fall in ten months yesterday after US investment company Vanguard launched a rival service in the UK charging less than half its prices. Vanguard's online investment service will charge an account fee of just 0.15 per cent a year, capped at £375, plus an additional fee for direct access to its products, currently averaging 0.14 per cent. US Rival: Investment house Hargreaves Lansdown saw £583m wiped off its value yesterday after Vanguard launched a service in the UK charging less than half its prices Hargreaves, on the other hand, currently charges 0.45 per cent on the first £250,000 held in its tax-efficient ISA accounts, alongside further fees charged by fund managers. Vanguard is able to charge such low prices on many of its products because they are passive (they use software to automatically track a stock market) rather than active (where stocks are picked by an experienced fund manager). RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next No signs of any slowdown for housebuilder Crest Nicholson as... EasyJet shares tumble as it is hit by £236m loss due to weak... Nuclear crisis as National Grid pulls out of its role in the... Day Lloyds won back its freedom: Treasury sells its final... Share this article Share With other personal investing companies charging similar fees to Hargreaves, Vanguard's offering has stoked fears of a price war braking out between UK brokers and fund managers. As a result, Hargreaves Lansdown's shares fell 8.5 per cent, or 123p, to 1324p, making it the biggest loser on the FTSE 100. But a strong day for telecoms stocks and consumer stocks helped to push the FTSE past the 7,500 mark for the first time in history. It rose 0.9 per cent, or 67.66 points, to hit a record high of 7522.03. Countryside Properties also hit a record high after broker Berenberg initiated its coverage with a glowing review of the housebuilder's business model. STOCK WATCH - GREATLAND GOLD  Greatland Gold saw its share price soar after announcing a tie-up with one of the world’s largest gold producers, Newmont Mining. The explorer will give one of Newmont’s subsidiaries access to its 1,118 square miles Ernest Giles project in Western Australia for six months. With the area hosting multiple gold exploration targets, Greatland said it hopes Newmont’s involvement and resources will speed up the project’s development. Shares rose 17.2 per cent, or 0.06p, to 0.38p. Analysts gave the firm a 'buy' rating and a price target of 330p, adding that it is the fastest-growing of all the housebuilders Berenberg covers.  The broker also said Countryside is less cyclical than its rivals, meaning its performance is less directly influenced by the health of the economy it is based in.  Shares rose 5 per cent, or 14p, to 291.9p, placing it among the FTSE 250's biggest winners. Drug maker BTG was among the FTSE 250's biggest losers after failing to meet analysts' expectations in its results for the year ended March 31. Despite the company reporting revenues of £570.5million, up 27 per cent from £447.5million the previous year, and profits of £129.6million, up from £93million, shares fell as much as 8 per cent in early trading.  The company had failed to gather as much ground as expected in its interventional medicine business, which uses devices to treat diseases. BTG has been attempting to develop this part of its business after making its name developing drugs to treat overdoses and rattlesnake bites.  But it expects growth in the division for the current year to fall considerably short of analysts' predictions of 26 per cent. Shares fell 6.8pc, or 49p, to 673p. Shares in communications firm Inmarsat quietly rumbled on rather than completely taking off after it launched a satellite from Nasa's Kennedy Space Centre in Florida.  Built by Boeing, it is the firm's fourth, high-speed broadband communications satellite. Despite its sky-high ambitions, Inmarsat was thwarted last month by a bruising shareholder pay revolt at its AGM. Investors holding 49 per cent of shares voted against the rewards offered to bosses – including the £2.2million earned by chief executive Rupert Pearce last year.  Shares rose 1.7 per cent, or 13p, to 795p.   Share or comment on this article e-mail Most watched Money videos Big Money Questions: Would a Universal Basic Income work? Investing Show: Tips to choose the best funds for your Isa The Tesla Model X and its falcon wing doors Investing Show: How are UK companies doing? Watch the production of the one-millionth Porsche 911 Investing Show: Will shares go off the boil or keep rising? All you need to know about the new 12-sided £1 coin Footage showing the amazing evolution of the Porsche 911 Carrera Time to invest in Europe? It's not fixed, warns Tom Becket Anthony Joshua receives 'phenomenal' bespoke Range Rover New Beatrix Potter 50p coins unveiled including Peter Rabbit The exciting launch film for Mini Remastered by David Brown EasyJet shares tumble as it is hit by £236m loss due to... Mr Kipling cakes maker Premier Foods reports lower sales... Day Lloyds won back its freedom: Treasury sells its final... Vodafone sinks £5.2bn into the red as UK earnings fall... FTSE 100 shrugs off inflation rise to break through 7,500... ASK TONY: EDF is chasing me for £2,400 owed by my abusive... Can you trust the tiny Italian firm with the best energy... Vanguard could spark an investment price war, as index... HM Revenue & Customs pays £1m for blunders... MARKETS CLOSE: FTSE 100 hits record high above 7,500 on... DAILY BRIEFING: City hits out at European swoop for... Over-50s insurance that costs SEVEN times the best rate:... ALEX BRUMMER: Privatisation hasn't been perfect but state... Return of safety deposit boxes: As Lloyds fits new safes... Fixed-rate boost for landlords if they take a longer... Signs of a house price slowdown continue to emerge, as... DAN HYDE: Saga and Age UK are supposed to champion the... No signs of any slowdown for housebuilder Crest Nicholson... MOST READ MONEY Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 5 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Enter search term: Search All Articles Share prices Portfolio Newsletter Guides Savings rates Deals Calculators MARKET DATA FTSE 100 Diary RNS Sectors A to Z Gilts Top movers Indices Funds Director deals Shares Gold / oil Brokers Charting News Forex Heatmaps Share alerts Savings rates News alerts All market data TOP DIY INVESTING PLATFORMS Great service Fixed account fees, no investment limits Free fund dealing Investment ideas and model portfolios Online share dealing Buy and sell shares and ETFs from £5 Good for big pots £80 flat fee with 8 free trades No platform fee £4.95 dealing, £15 min quarterly trading fee Low annual charge 0.25% funds fee and £1.50 fund dealing Intelligent investing Special offer: 6 months no management fee Easy to use Free fund dealing, competitive 0.35% fee Low cost funds 0.25% annual fee, no dealing charge Welcome rate £5.95 online share dealing rate first 3 months Guidance and tools Typical 0.35% fee and fund guidance Explore 2,500+ funds £7.50 share and investment trust dealing THE INVESTING SHOW Is it time to invest in Europe? It's not fixed yet, warns Tom Becket John Redwood: Has the French election rescued the euro? Will shares go off the boil or keep on rising? Tips to choose the best funds for your Isa Can you profit from the growing Chinese middle-class? We meet Fidelity China Special Situations manager Dale Nicholls Asset allocation - how to make sure all your eggs are not in one basket Emerging markets manager who returned 60% in a year: We meet Templeton's Carlos Hardenberg Where to invest for income and how to spot the best dividends How to profit from property in the world's best cities Should investors worry about political upheaval? Should you invest in a VCT for 30% tax relief and exciting growth companies Is now a good time to buy emerging markets?             DON'T MISS How to use ETFs to invest in big themes and future growth It's not just about tracking the market Sponsored Mum's will says her partner can stay in her bungalow for life, are her sons now officially landlords? Could May's energy bill cap sound the death knell for overpriced insurance and directory enquiries? RACHEL RICKARD STRAUS Half of under-35s couldn't pay an unexpected bill of £250 And even 80% on good incomes struggle with debt Falling pound didn't stop Britons taking holidays Cost of foreign trips up but we are still going The 5% savings rate trick: Best high interest-paying current accounts Make your money work harder How to cut bills and protect your savings as inflation bites and wages stagnate Beat the big squeeze 'I backed Brexit but it's cost me my shirt deal': Four for £100? Not any more, says Charles Tyrwhitt founder It might be £110 Would you join a shaving club to save on razors? How to shave money off one of life's essentials 'I had to fight HSBC for a cancer insurance payout for me AND my brother How one family took on the bank twice JEFF PRESTRIDGE Reward the loyal and do it now - it's unacceptable people have cover that is no longer fit for purpose TONY HETHERINGTON Zeros to heroes... your £20k British Gas bill horror is over SUNDAY NEWSPAPER SHARE TIPS ECSC, Burberry and Dairy Crest Why hedge funds are buying Tesla and Teletubbies World's richest investors reveal their top picks at millionaires' gathering in New York I want to let a property to a family member and not charge them rent - will I fall foul of any rules? Can you guess the price of these houses for sale? Take our quiz to see how well you know property prices around the country. Is it time to invest in Europe? It's not fixed yet, warns Tom Becket Investing Show How much do we need to worry about the property market? SIMON LAMBERT MIDAS SHARE TIPS MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Ambitious cyber security firm ECSC is booming as sales team launches own attack MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Financial adviser Mattioli Woods spreads its wings and sees shares surge MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Wellness firm Venture Life Group expands as it appeals to well-heeled over-40s MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Rising sales (and a facelift) inject new life into Botox rival Sinclair Pharma MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Sirius Minerals digs deep to mine in the Yorkshire Moors MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Plug in to infrastructure fund International Public Partnerships as it raises £250m MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Can the A&E strategy reap rewards for the future? Healthcare firm Totally says yes MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Learning Technology Group's £54m takeover helps shares soar MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Central London property group Shaftesbury is West End gold MIDAS SHARE TIPS UPDATE: Palm oil producer DekelOil offers healthy future for investors MIDAS SHARE TIPS: RPS builds bridges as governments look to upgrade creaking infrastructure across the globe MIDAS SHARE TIPS: Property firm Sirius Real Estate is well placed if firms head to Germany         FUND AND TRUST IDEAS SANLAM FOUR MULTISTRATEGY: Stay positive... the principle that guides a diverse fund SECURITIES TRUST OF SCOTLAND: How bricks and mortar are helping fund rebuild its fortunes WAVERTON PORTFOLIO: Fund increases UK exposure in anticipation of a stronger pound SVM UK OPPORTUNITIES: The outperforming minnow fund that lives in the shadow of 'super-tankers' JP MORGAN JAPANESE INVESTMENT TRUST: Forget laptops, my Japanese trust fund is all about robots and ski slopes ARTEMIS GLOBAL INCOME: Heading west with Wells Fargo - the successful Danish fund manager on a golden trail FOREIGN & COLONIAL INVESTMENT TRUST: 'Conductor' Niven keeps world's oldest trust in perfect harmony CRUX EUROPEAN SPECIAL SITUATIONS: The new kid on the block run by an old hand (who loves Playing FTSE) JUPITER EMERGING EUROPEAN OPPORTUNITIES: Fund fights back as the revolution begins for Russian share values FIDELITY CHINA SPECIAL SITUATIONS: Fund boss who knows Far Eastern markets inside out is riding high PICTET DIGITAL: Heading for a dotcom bubble MKII? We are nowhere near another 2000, say fund managers FRANKLIN UK EQUITY INCOME: From £500k to a £300m fund...meet the Northern powerhouse SARASIN FOOD AND AGRICULTURE OPPORTUNITIES: From salmon farming to chocolate, the fund with a taste for success         THIS IS MONEY'S SIX OF THE BEST   Neil Woodford gambles £200m on Lloyds   Diesel fights back as Peugeot leads the pack   Beware the eBay fake buyer scam   EE and O2 add free mobile roaming perk   I want to let a property for no rent   Why hedge funds are buying Tesla and Teletubbies Latest from Markets Housebuilder Bovis dishes out £2.8m to bankers for merger talks with Redrow and Galliford Try that hit the rocks US vultures pushing for Dulux takeover now want to break up UK oil giant BHP Billiton MARKET REPORT: Armchair investors favourite Hargreaves Lansdown plummets as US firm offers rival services at less than half the price BHS buffoon Dominic Chappell's family business goes into liquidation after failed high court challenge Nuclear crisis as National Grid pulls out of its role in the £10bn Cumbria plant  Developer Crest Nicholson claims housing market remains 'robust' despite hiking prices 12% as sales slow Easyjet to upgrade 30 aircraft and hire 450 new pilots as expansion plans take-off DAILY BRIEFING: City hits out at European swoop for London's euro clearing business Day Lloyds won back its freedom: Treasury sells its final shares in bailed out bank  DIRECTOR'S DEALS: Virgin Money boss Jayne-Anne Gadhia cashes in £2.1m of stock MORE HEADLINES     FREE WEEKLY NEWSLETTER ‘What the money news means for you’ Newsletter straight to your inbox QUICK SIGN-UP: Just your email required QUICK WAYS TO SAVE MONEY Credit cards Cheaper insurance Savings accounts Best mortgages Cut your energy bills Current accounts Cheapest loans £12.50 share dealing Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Our products News terminal Oil and gas Banking analytics OUR PRODUCTS NEWS TERMINAL READ MORE ORDER NOW Access to a large news base since 2006 News selected on topics and regions - oil and gas, business, politics, IT, the South Caucasus, the Caspian Sea region, Central Asia No banner advertising BANKING ANALYTICS READ MORE ORDER NOW Ranking of the Azerbaijani banking sector (ranking includes the information component of the banking sector, the main events of the world economy, the analytical review of the main indices of the banks which are being ranked) DAILY NEWS READ MORE ORDER NOW Latest news about the economy, politics, energy in the South Caucasus, the Caspian Sea region and Central Asia The news is sent to your e-mail daily OIL & GAS READ MORE ORDER NOW Major events in the oil and gas sector Announcement of the beginning of construction work in the energy sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector News of the world companies in the field of oil and gas ENERGY PROJECTS REVIEW READ MORE ORDER NOW Status of Azerbaijani offshore oil and gas projects Export of oil and oil products from Azerbaijan with indication of the route Information about the prices on oil and oil products in the country and abroad WEEKLY BUSINESS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW Economic review of all sectors of the Azerbaijani economy Last week review Laws, orders and decrees in Azerbaijan for the week Tenders in the region for the week MONTHLY BUSINESS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW General economic situation in Azerbaijan Prices and situation on Azerbaijan’s consumer market Investments in Azerbaijani economy IT sector of Azerbaijan Foreign trade of Azerbaijan BUILDING & LOGISTICS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW All news about construction sectors of Azerbaijan, Caucasus and Central Asia Statistics on cargo transportation Joint projects with international financial institutions for development of transport infrastructure of the regional countries IRAN ENERGY MARKET READ MORE ORDER NOW Major events in Iran’s oil and gas sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector Analytics of local and foreign experts in this sector New agreements and contracts on cooperation IRAN REVIEW READ MORE ORDER NOW Iran's foreign trade Iran’s macroeconomic indices Indices of foreign economic activity Situation in Iran’s banking sector CENTRAL ASIA ECONOMIC OUTLOOK READ MORE ORDER NOW Macroeconomic indices of the region News about the transport sector Foreign economic activity News about construction and tenders CENTRAL ASIA ENERGY MARKET READ MORE ORDER NOW Oil and gas sector in Central Asian countries Analytics of local and foreign experts in this sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector TENDER WEEKLY REPORT READ MORE ORDER NOW Information about tenders announced in Azerbaijan, Iran and Central Asia during a week. ORDER TRIAL VERSION CONTACT US E-MAIL: sales@trend.az PHONE: +994 50 669-48-84 CONTACT PERSON: Azad Abdulrahimzade RU AZ EN TR FA Login Sign up Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Home Iran Business IranAir takes delivery of four ATR aircraft 16 May 2017 15:10 (UTC+04:00) 0 0 Baku, Azerbaijan, May. 16 By Khalid Kazimov – Trend: Iran's flag carrier Iran Air has taken delivery of its first batch of ATR 72-600 aircraft in Toulouse, France, the aircraft manufacturer said on its Twitter account. Farhad Parvaresh, the head of Iran Air, addressing the ceremony for delivering the aircraft expressed his happiness over the development. He further expressed hope that with the arrival of the ATR72-600, his country will benefit from the best efficiency and reliability. In order to renew its aviation fleet, Iran requires 500 new aircraft in the next 10 years, including over 100 replacements for regional aircraft that are over 20 years old. Under the $536-million deal the European airplane manufacturer is expected to deliver nine ATR 72-600s to Iran in 2017. Previously, Iran has also reached agreements with Airbus and Boeing to renew its air fleet. The agreements with the aircraft manufacturers came following Iran’s nuclear deal with the world powers in 2015. Tags: IranAir ATR aircraft Related news Iran to receive first ATR passenger aircraft in a week Business 8 May 16:17 Azerbaijan Airlines sells three ATR aircraft Economy news 25 January 2013 13:59 Most popular Azerbaijan’s taekwondo fighter wins silver at Baku 2017 Erdogan, Trump reaffirm joint fight against terror Another Azerbaijani boxer to fight in semifinals of Baku 2017 Iran suspends implementation of UNESCO 2030 Agenda Commentary IPC - Iran’s Gordian knot Linking Turkish Stream and TAP – against EU’s energy diversification strategy: expert How presidential race causes upward trend in Iran’s stock market? About Our Team Partners Our products Info Service News archive Contacts 14, Bakhtiyar Vahabzade, Baku, Azerbaijan, AZ1141 +(994 12) 497-31-72 agency@trend.az +(994 12) 497-30-89 © 2017 Trend News Agency Terms of use
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching video Eclipse 2017 Space.com Spaceflight SpaceX Launches Super-Heavy Communications Satellite By Irene Klotz, Space.com Contributor | May 15, 2017 07:53pm ET MORE CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket lifted off from launch pad 39A at NASA's Kennedy Space Center here today (May 15) with a communications satellite that will complete Inmarsat's fifth-generation broadband network.  The 23-story-tall booster soared off its seaside launch pad, which once hosted NASA's space shuttles and Apollo moon rockets, at 7:21 p.m. EDT (2321 GMT). It was the sixth of more than 20 missions SpaceX plans to fly this year. Perched on top of the two-stage rocket was the 13,400-lb. (6,100 kilograms) Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite, the heaviest spacecraft yet to be delivered by a Falcon booster into a geostationary transfer orbit some 22,300 miles (35,800 km) above Earth. [Photos: SpaceX Launches Inmarsat-5 F4 Satellite] A SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launches the Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite into space from Pad 39A of NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Florida on May 15, 2017. Credit: SpaceX The satellite separated from the Falcon 9's second stage right on time, about 32 minutes after liftoff. "It's been a great afternoon and evening," said SpaceX mission commentator John Insprucker. "All you can ask for today." Getting F4 into its intended orbit emptied the Falcon's fuel tanks, leaving no propellant for the booster's first stage to attempt a landing on either a drone barge or the ground. The Falcon 9 rocket and Inmarsat-5 F4 satellite continue to climb into the Florida skies on May 15, 2017. Credit: SpaceX So far, 10 Falcon 9 first stages have returned intact after launching, including one rocket that has now flown twice. SpaceX plans to launch a second used rocket next month for satellite operator Bulgaria Sat. Inmarsat, which is flying for the first time with SpaceX, had hoped to have its $250 million F4 satellite in orbit last year, but the flight was delayed after a Falcon 9 exploded on the launch pad as it was being fueled for a preflight engine test on Sept. 1. The delay cost SpaceX a second launch contract with London-based Inmarsat, which instead hired European competitor Arianespace for a mission now slated to fly in late June aboard an Ariane 5 rocket. SpaceX, which has now flown the Falcon 9 six times successfully since the launch pad accident, has a backlog of more than 70 missions, worth more than $10 billion. Inmarsat has an option for another future flight with SpaceX. Inmarsat-5 F4 completes the company's four-member, $1.6 billion broadband satellite constellation called Global Xpress, which provides global, mobile communications for airlines, ships, government agencies and other customers. The fifth-generation satellites, which were built by Boeing, provide downlink communication speeds of up to 50 megabits per second and uplink speeds of up to 5 megabits per second for customers on land, at sea or in the air, Inmarsat said in a press release. That speed is about 100 times faster than Inmarsat's previous-generation system provided. Customers for the Global Xpress' inflight Wi-Fi services include Lufthansa Group and Austrian Airlines. The previous three satellites in the network were launched aboard Russian Proton rockets in 2013 and 2015. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations Blastoff! SpaceX Launches Inmarsat-5 F4 Satellite | Video The Rockets and Spaceships of SpaceX (Photos) SpaceX Drone Ship Cameras Capture Historic Used Rocket Landing | Video In Photos: SpaceX's 1st Launch from NASA's Historic Pad 39A Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us Most Popular Science Movies on Netflix in May Scorpius Constellation: Facts About the Scorpion Why Does NASA Use Sounding Rockets? | Video Gas-and-Dust Cocoon Engulfs Monster Black Holes When Galaxies Collide This Futuristic Mars Rover Looks Like an Awesome NASA Tank HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Elizabeth Hankins, 46, holds a photo of her and her mother, Peggy Olafson Curtis, taken shortly after she was adopted from a South Korean orphanage, on Monday, May 8 in Everett. Behind her is a framed box with the dress she wore and other memories from Korea. (Andy Bronson / The Herald) Mother's Day profiles Peggy Olafson Curtis: She gave her daughter a new life Andrea Brown Sara Bruestle Sun May 14th, 2017 2:11pm Life You must sign in or register to continue reading content. We asked readers to tell us what they love about their moms. Kids from 17 to well over 70 entered The Herald’s Mother’s Day contest. Here’s the winner, who received a $100 gift card to Renee’s Contemporary Clothing in Everett. But there were many other heartfelt stories. You can find all of them here. Daughter: Elizabeth Hankins Mom: Peggy Olafson Curtis The $100 gift card to Renee’s Contemporary Clothing went to Elizabeth Hankins and her mother, Peggy Olafson Curtis. Hankins, 46, was adopted from a South Korean orphanage when she was 8. She said she cried when she wrote about the single woman who traveled halfway around the world in 1979 to give her a new life. Hankins, manager of patient access at Providence Regional Medical Center Everett, lives in Everett with her husband, Brandon, and 8-year-old son, Alexander. Her mom, who lives in Mill Creek, was not available to be in the photo because she was vacationing in Iceland. She returns on Mother’s Day. We asked Hankins to write some more about her mom: “My mother, Peggy Olafson Curtis, has always been my hero. My mom, at the time a single woman, adopted me from an orphanage in Seoul, Korea, when I was 8 years old in 1979. I had a very rough start in life in Korea coming from a very poor home with my biological father being an abusive alcoholic. I ran away several times to get away from the abuse and the last time I ran away, I ended up in an orphanage. “Once I came to the U.S. to my new home, my mom and I had a huge language barrier since I did not understand English. I remember constantly testing her to see if she, too, would give up on me as everyone else had before the adoption. I can’t imagine how difficult it was for her to raise a child from a foreign country as a single parent and working fulltime to support us. It scares me to think about what would have happened to me had she not adopted me. “Generally, adoptive parents want to adopt a baby, but lucky for me, my mom wanted an older child. Adoption was not an easy process for her at that time, with a lot of red tape between the two nations. At times she was not sure my adoption was ever going to be finalized. “I have always looked at my mom as being innovative. At a young age she went abroad and taught English in a foreign country. Having earned her master’s degree, she later worked as a teacher at a community college in the states. She had also worked at both Boeing and Microsoft as a technical writer. She is not only extremely smart, but she also is very talented. Her photography is an amazing gift that she has. “I truly feel lucky every day with the life that I have now. I have a very supportive husband, extended family, and a wonderful son of my own. It all started with her adopting me. I owe it all to my mother. With her continuous patience and care, she gave me all the love that I have always wanted. Thank you, my beloved mom!”   Most Read Couple pays $5,495 owed for lunches at Marysville schools MARYSVILLE — On Friday, Tom and Christy Lee called the Marysville School… May 16th, 2017 by Chris Winters Failed Granite Falls off-road track sues for lost dirt money EVERETT — A lawsuit over an off-road motorcycle track once planned near… May 15th, 2017 by Noah Haglund Study: Crumb rubber cancer risk ‘at or below 1 in a million’ EVERETT — Tests conducted of crumb rubber sports fields in five cities,… May 15th, 2017 by Sharon Salyer What's Up With That? Iconic OMG! Lake Stevens spaceship house faces demolition It’s that wacky house that doesn’t look like any other home in… May 16th, 2017 by Andrea Brown See what you’d look like as a Funko character Here’s the must-do diversion of the day: See what you would look… May 15th, 2017 by Jim Davis © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Markets #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Science-Tech CBI raids won't stop me from speaking, writing: Chidambaram Business Standard SpaceX successfully launches communication satellite IANS  |  Washington  May 16, 2017 Last Updated at 11:40 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVjXPD ALSO READ SpaceX launches EchoStar communication satellite SpaceX postpones launch of EchoStar communication satellite SpaceX targets launch of communication satellite on Monday SpaceX successfully launches ISS mission SpaceX launches spy satellite for US SpaceX has successfully launched a very heavy commercial communications satellite aimed at delivering high-speed broadband connectivity globally. The fourth Inmarsat-5 satellite took off on a Falcon 9 rocket from NASA's Kennedy Space Centre at about 7.21 p.m. EDT ( 4.51 a.m. Tuesday India time). "Successful deployment of Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 to a Geostationary Transfer Orbit confirmed," SpaceX tweeted. "Inmarsat-5 F4 (I-5 F4) will boost the power of our award-winning Global Xpress network, which has been delivering seamless, high-speed broadband connectivity across the world since December 2015," the London-based mobile satellite services provider said in a statement. "Once in geostationary orbit, the satellite will provide additional capacity for Global Xpress users on land, at sea and in the air," Inmarsat said. The satellite, built by Boeing, was deployed approximately half an hour after the launch. --IANS gb/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Spacex Successfully Launches Communication Satellite | News-ians | Science-tech PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep SpaceX successfully launches communication satellite SpaceX has successfully launched a very heavy commercial communications satellite aimed at delivering high-speed broadband connectivity globally. SpaceX has successfully launched a very heavy commercial communications satellite aimed at delivering high-speed broadband connectivity globally. The fourth Inmarsat-5 satellite took off on a Falcon 9 rocket from NASA's Kennedy Space Centre at about 7.21 p.m. EDT ( 4.51 a.m. Tuesday India time). "Successful deployment of Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 to a Geostationary Transfer Orbit confirmed," SpaceX tweeted. "Inmarsat-5 F4 (I-5 F4) will boost the power of our award-winning Global Xpress network, which has been delivering seamless, high-speed broadband connectivity across the world since December 2015," the London-based mobile satellite services provider said in a statement. "Once in geostationary orbit, the satellite will provide additional capacity for Global Xpress users on land, at sea and in the air," Inmarsat said. The satellite, built by Boeing, was deployed approximately half an hour after the launch. --IANS gb/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 SpaceX successfully launches communication satellite SpaceX has successfully launched a very heavy commercial communications satellite aimed at delivering high-speed broadband connectivity globally. The fourth Inmarsat-5 satellite took off on a Falcon 9 rocket from NASA's Kennedy Space Centre at about 7.21 p.m. EDT ( 4.51 a.m. Tuesday India time). "Successful deployment of Inmarsat-5 Flight 4 to a Geostationary Transfer Orbit confirmed," SpaceX tweeted. "Inmarsat-5 F4 (I-5 F4) will boost the power of our award-winning Global Xpress network, which has been delivering seamless, high-speed broadband connectivity across the world since December 2015," the London-based mobile satellite services provider said in a statement. "Once in geostationary orbit, the satellite will provide additional capacity for Global Xpress users on land, at sea and in the air," Inmarsat said. The satellite, built by Boeing, was deployed approximately half an hour after the launch. --IANS gb/vm (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Missouri Students Win National Championship in World’s Largest Rocket Contest Festus High School Rocketry Club out launch nation's top teams, will represent U.S. at International Competition in June THE PLAINS, Va., May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Proving their impressive prowess with science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) skills, the Festus High School of Festus, Mo., captured first prize at the Team America Rocketry Challenge's (TARC) Final Fly-off, held Saturday near Washington, D.C. They defeated the top 100 teams from across the United States, to win the world's largest rocket contest. Experience the interactive Multimedia News Release here: https://www.multivu.com/players/English/7941251-aerospace-team-america-rocketry-challenge/ "After we won, most of us weren't sure whether we wanted to scream or run eight miles because that's how much energy we had," said 16-year-old Grace Basler, who was participating in TARC for the first time. Devin Lorenz, 24, led the team as mentor and sponsor and is also a TARC alumnus from the Festus High School TARC team that finished runner up in the 2009 Final Fly-off. "I'm amazed," said Lorenz. "I didn't even consider this a possibility. We wanted to get them to TARC and make sure they had a good time. It's just an amazing accomplishment. I'm really proud of the team." To achieve victory, the team Rylie Martin, 16, Ashton Croft, 15, Grace Basler, 16, Christopher Carden, 18, Cydney Breier, 18, Timothy Ruesche, 17, Ryan Brown, 17, Ed Bohnert, 17, and Joel Marler, 17, had to design and launch a rocket capable of meeting precise engineering standards and mission requirements while protecting a raw egg throughout the flight of the rocket. The top-10 teams divided more than $100,000 in scholarships; the "STEAM-y Rocketry Club" won $20,000 and a trip to the International Rocketry Challenge in June, courtesy of the Raytheon Company. "Our Team America Rocketry Challenge winners and all the students who competed demonstrated great skill, determination and spirit today," said Aerospace Industries Association President and CEO David F. Melcher. "We'll be rooting for our champions to keep the international title with the U.S. for the third consecutive year. We're very proud of all the teams that helped make TARC's 15th anniversary a memorable one." Since 2002, more than 65,000 middle and high school students have experienced hands-on engineering through the award-winning TARC program, developing skills to assist them in careers in STEM and aerospace. TARC, the aerospace and defense industry's flagship STEM program, is sponsored by the Aerospace Industries Association, the National Association of Rocketry (NAR) and more than 20 industry partners, including the Raytheon Company, the Boeing Company, Lockheed Martin Corporation and Thales USA. "This is the 12th year that Raytheon has sponsored the Team America Rocketry Challenge, and each year we find the level of individual and collective team commitment to be truly inspiring," said Thomas A. Kennedy, Raytheon Chairman and CEO. "As the rocket scientists of tomorrow, the young competitors exude an enthusiasm that is every bit as important as their knowledge and use of STEM. Together, you see the promise of leadership for our next-generation workforce and the technology advancements of the future." For complete competition results and high-resolution images please contact rocketcontest@aia-aerospace.org or visit the Team America Rocketry Challenge site. Facebook  |  Flickr  |  LinkedIn  |  Twitter  |  YouTube  Founded in 1919 shortly after the birth of flight, the Aerospace Industries Association is the most authoritative and influential trade association representing the nation's leading manufacturers and suppliers of civil, military and business aircraft, helicopters, unmanned aircraft systems, space systems, aircraft engines, homeland and cybersecurity systems, materiel and related components, equipment services and information technology.                SOURCE Aerospace Industries Association CategoriesUncategorized TagsAerospace/Defense, Awards, Broadcast Feed Announcement, Computer hardware, Computer/ Electronics, Education, Electronic Components, Electronics Performance Measurement Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Craig Petronella, Raleigh, NC Top Cybersecurity Expert And IT Authority Alerts All Business Owners To the Danger Of Massive Cyber Attacks Next PostNext Cimic expects $82 mln of revenue from Tauranga’s SH2 upgrade Search Recent Posts Global Malonic Acid Market Report by Top Manufacturers : Lonza, Trace Zero, Tateyamakasei Middle East High-density Polyethylene (HDPE) Market Segmented by Product Type, Services, Size, Shares, Applications, Growth Rate and Forecast by 2022 Alternators Market Share Worldwide Industry Growth, Size, Statistics, Opportunities & Forecast up to 2022 Global Fire Retardant Plywood Market Sales, Revenue, Gross Margin and Market Share Forecast to 2022 Find a happier, healthier, shiner new you at the Melbourne MindBodySpirit Festival! Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
