View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Join Michael Savage on the Front Line of Trump’s War Home | George Will Tags: republicans | protectionism | economy | trade Republicans Plan to Grow American Economy Using Protectionism U.S. President Donald Trump delivers opening remarks at the beginning of a policy forum with business leaders in the State Dining Room at the White House February 3, 2017, in Washington, D.C. (Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images) By George Will Sunday, 12 Feb 2017 09:54 AM More Posts by George Will Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    At their post-Civil War apogee, 19th-century Republicans were the party of activist government, using protectionism to pick commercial winners and promising wondrous benefits from government's deft interventions in economic life. Today, a Republican administration promises that wisely wielded Washington power can rearrange commercial activities in ways superior to those produced by private-sector calculations in free market transactions. According to the Financial Times, which interviewed him, Peter Navarro, head of the president's National Trade Council, says an administration priority is "unwinding and repatriating the international supply chains on which many U.S. multinational companies rely." This will make life interesting for, among many others, America's third and 24th largest corporations, Apple and Boeing. The tiny print on the back of iPhones accurately says it is "assembled," not manufactured, in China. The American Enterprise Institute's James Pethokoukis notes that parts come from South Korea, Japan, Italy, Taiwan, Germany and the United States. Components of Boeing airliners' wings come from Japan, South Korea and Australia; horizontal stabilizers and center fuselages from Italy; cargo access doors from Sweden; passenger entry doors from France; landing gear doors from Canada; engines and landing gear from Britain. Navarro's "unwinding and repatriating" is, to say no more, part of an improbable project: making American greater by making Apple, Boeing and many other corporations much less efficient and less competitive. This will further slow economic growth, making even more unattainable the 4 percent (more than double the economy's average growth this century) or higher growth that the administration says will enable it to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure (including a $15 billion or so wall on the Mexican border, begun after nearly a decade of net negative immigration from Mexico), while substantially increasing military spending, leaving entitlements unreformed and delivering enormous tax cuts. Cuts that, according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget (co-chaired by Republican Mitch Daniels and Democrat Leon Panetta, both former directors of the Office of Management and Budget), will reduce revenues by $5.8 trillion over 10 years. This, as the Congressional Budget Office projects that even without any of the administration's proposed spending spree and tax cuts, under current law the national debt would increase by $9.4 trillion. Speaking of supply chains: In her book "The Travels of a T-Shirt in the Global Economy," Georgetown University's Pietra Rivoli recounts a conversation with a man from Shanghai who said that if she would come to China he would help her see various places involved in producing the inexpensive T-shirts exported to America. She would see where the yarn is spun, the fabric is knit and the shirts are sewn. Asked if she could see where the cotton is grown, the man from China said he could not show her that because the cotton probably is grown in "Teksa." Rivoli spun a globe around to China and asked him to point to Teksa. "He took the globe and spun it back around the other way. 'Here, I think it is grown here.' I followed his finger. Patrick was pointing at Texas." Today's Republican administration promises protection against the destruction of American jobs by the Chinese, Mexicans and other foreigners. The really prolific destroyers are: Americans. As Reason's John Tamny says, Americans streaming movies from Netflix (based in Los Gatos, Calif.) erase American jobs in movie theaters and DVD rental stores. Americans buying books from Seattle-based Amazon have caused many American bookstores to do what Borders' (400 stores, 11,000 employees) did: disappear. Americans using San Francisco-based Uber are destroying many taxi drivers' jobs. Evidently our protectors in the administration must believe this: The destruction of American jobs because Americans buy goods or services of some American companies rather than those of other American companies is benign. But the destruction of American jobs because Americans buy goods or services of foreign companies is intolerable. An administration confident about conducting interventions in the economy should demonstrate care when bandying numbers. But in defending the sensible idea of reducing government regulation of the financial sector, Gary Cohn, director of the president's National Economic Council, said this would save "literally hundreds of billions of dollars of regulatory costs every year." Former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers notes the implausibility: "Total bank profits last year were about $170 billion." Deregulation will more than double profits? As today's Republicans celebrate a protectionist administration that is confident that Washington's superior wisdom can improve upon the market's allocation of economic resources, Democrats must resent Republican plagiarism. Who will protect Americans from their protectors? George F. Will is one of today's most recognized writers, with more than 450 newspapers, a Newsweek column, and his appearances as a political commentator on Fox news. Read more reports from George Will — Click Here Now. More Posts by George Will Abolish the Divisive, Regressive NEA ASU Strikes Blow For Ideological Diversity on Campuses Middlebury Mob Ignorant of Murray's Claims, Progressive History More Newsmax Blogs: John Kass: Media's Hand Wringing Over Firing of Saint Preet Laughable Andrew Napolitano: British Intel Likely Helped Obama Access Trump's Calls George Will: Abolish the Divisive, Regressive NEA © Washington Post Writers Group. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share GeorgeWill At their post-Civil War apogee, 19th-century Republicans were the party of activist government, using protectionism to pick commercial winners and promising wondrous benefits from government's deft interventions in economic life. republicans, protectionism, economy, trade 784 Sunday, 12 Feb 2017 09:54 AM 2017-54-12 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics 2016 Elections Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Abolish the Divisive, Regressive NEA Thursday, 16 Mar 2017 18:56 PM Although the National Endowment for the Arts' 2016 cost of $148 million was less than one-hundredth of 1 percent of the  . . . ASU Strikes Blow For Ideological Diversity on Campuses Sunday, 12 Mar 2017 09:30 AM Encouraging developments are as welcome as they are rare in colleges and universities that cultivate diversity in everyt . . . Middlebury Mob Ignorant of Murray's Claims, Progressive History Thursday, 09 Mar 2017 13:36 PM The progressive mob that disrupted Charles Murray's appearance last week at Middlebury College was protesting a 1994 boo . . . More Most Commented Judge in Hawaii Puts Trump's Travel Ban on Hold Wednesday, 15 Mar 2017 | 953 comments It is very disturbing to see judges make rulings based upon emotional... Pelosi: No Democratic Votes for GOP Healthcare Plan Friday, 10 Mar 2017 | 726 comments GOP didn't vote on the last one and she still rammed it through. Maybe she... CBO: 14 Million Will Lose Coverage Under Obamacare Repeal, Premiums Will Surge Monday, 13 Mar 2017 | 579 comments Many of the 14 million didn't need or want Obamacare in the first place.... Rachel Maddow Says She'll Reveal Trump's Tax Returns Tonight Wednesday, 15 Mar 2017 | 531 comments 11 years ago? Are you kidding me? Are these clowns desperate or what? The... Sessions Asks Remaining 46 US Attorneys Hired by Obama to Resign Friday, 10 Mar 2017 | 560 comments Good move, Mister Attorney General. If you are to do your job properly,... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Home News Local and State News Crime Special Reports Obituaries Databases Brian Hicks Frank Wooten Homicides Map Traffic Cam Church Shooting Walter Scott Blogs Hurricane Guide Weather Business Sports Prep Zone South Carolina Clemson Colleges Minor Leagues Tideline Magazine Golf Auto Racing Gene Sapakoff Volvo Car Open Get Fit Palmetto Politics Legislature State Government Local Politics State Politics Federal Politics Elections Presidential Candidate Visits Find Your Precinct State Republicans State Democrats Congressional Voting Records Report questionable campaign activities Track political finances Food Liquid Assets Books for Cooks Daily Digest Forked Path Raskin Around Now Open Post and Courier Cookbook Redux Recipes Restaurant Reviews Trendlines Charleston Scene Music Calendar Spoleto Games Arts Photo Galleries Get Out Theater Features Your Health Spoleto Home and Garden Arts and Travel Faith and Values Book Reviews Pets Your Photos Weddings & Engagements Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Commentary Submit a Letter Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Automotive Real Estate Recreation Pets Jobs (Mobile) Marketplace Subscribe e-Edition Other Sites Lowcountry Parent North Charleston Online Tideline Magazine Free Times CharlestonSCBrides.com Progress SC Special Sections Niche Magazine Delivery Coupons Advertising Interactive Media Kit Contests Charleston Deals Today Sponsored Content Subscribe Careers 42° Clear Charleston, SC (29403) Today Clear. Tonight Clear skies. Scattered frost possible. Low around 35F. Winds light and variable. Updated: March 16, 2017 @ 8:56 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Classifieds Marketplace Special Sections Jobs Automotive Real Estate Recreation Pets Jobs (Mobile) Place an Ad Customer Service Become a member Your Rewards Subscribe Manage your subscription Access E-edition Archives Order Magazines Email Newsletters Manage Newsletters Contact Us Mobile Apps Social Media Subscribe e-Edition Obituaries Close Mic Smith New South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster. File/Mic Smith/AP top story Palmetto Politics: S.C. politicians, parties near silent on North Charleston Boeing union vote Schuyler Kropf, Schuyler Kropf Emma Dumain Emma Dumain Feb 12, 2017 (…) Mic Smith New South Carolina Gov. Henry McMaster. File/Mic Smith/AP Union-busting rhetoric used to be easy chatter coming from South Carolina conservative politicos, especially former Gov. Nikki Haley. But on the eve of Wednesday's vote to unionize the Boeing plant in North Charleston, the microphone seems to be comparatively dead. Gov. Henry McMaster issued a statement to Palmetto Politics Friday saying he opposed the International Association of Machinists union organizing here. But his comment was subdued. “South Carolina is great because South Carolinians are great — all of them," he said. "The Boeing Company recognized that and that’s why they invested so heavily in our State’s future. There is no reason to put anyone in between the remarkable men and women who work there, on the floor and in the offices, and this exemplary company." U.S. Rep. Mark Sanford, R-1st District, also took the quiet path.  “The answer to that question will ultimately be decided by the employees of Boeing in North Charleston and therefore, at one level, that’s an answer I’d never presume to give," he said. Sanford did say that as governor, he saw how being a right-to-work state helped in competition versus other states. Matt Moore, S.C. GOP chairman, also said there's “nothing planned” by the party tied to the vote. Even the pro-labor, South Carolina Democratic Party is standing on the sidelines. "The South Carolina Democratic Party itself has not played a role in the effort at Boeing," said state party spokesman Matthew Ellison. "But many active Democrats are highly involved," he said. "The Democratic Party supports unions and believes they have been great champions in building a strong and vibrant middle class." Wednesday's balloting will be the biggest organized labor vote South Carolina has seen in years, with about 3,100 workers eligible. Henry McMaster: #scisgoingstraighttothetop Nikki Haley had "It's a great day in South Carolina." Donald Trump said "Make America Great Again." And now Gov. Henry McMaster is floating #scisgoingstraighttothetop as a hashtag motto. The newly installed governor used the "straight-to-the-top" reference on his Facebook page this week in connection to a photograph in which he posed alongside members of the Greer Chamber of Commerce. It's too early to say if the seven-word, 25-letter hash tag will gain a following. McMaster press secretary Brian Symmes said the motto is likely to be used again, though there are no immediate plans to do so. "Anyone who has heard the governor talk about South Carolina’s great potential has heard him say we’re headed straight to the top,” Symmes said. State GOP chair candidate courting Charleston The only announced candidate looking to follow retiring S.C. Republican Party Chairman Matt Moore will make his pitch to Charleston Republicans on Monday. Drew McKissick will speak at the Charleston County GOP monthly meeting at 7 p.m. at North Charleston City Hall. While several potential candidates are looking at running, McKissick is the only one actively campaigning for the spot that will be settled at the May 13 state party convention in Columbia. Moore announced last week he would not seek a third term. Locally, Charleston County GOP Chairman Larry Kobrovsky intends to seek a second term at the April 20th county convention. New Fritz Hollings book The University of South Carolina Press has published what's being billed as the first scholarly account of former governor and senator Fritz Hollings' career as South Carolina came of age in the 1960s. "New Politics in the Old South - Ernest F. Hollings in the Civil Rights Era" is authored by David T. Ballantyne. "Throughout his career Hollings was renowned for his willingness to voice unpleasant truths, as when he called for the peaceful acceptance of racial desegregation at Clemson University in 1963 and acknowledged the existence of widespread poverty and malnutrition in South Carolina in 1969," the press notes say. Ballantyne, a lecturer in American history at Keele University in the United Kingdom, focuses on Hollings's career as a moderate-to-liberal Southern Democrat who served during an upheaval in Southern politics following World War II. Hollings served as governor from 1959 to 1963, and as a U.S. Senator from 1966-2005. The book runs 208 pages and lists at a hardcover price of $34.99. Reach Schuyler Kropf on politics at 843-937-5551. Follow on Twitter at @skropf47. Tags Boeing The Boeing Company Matt Moore International Association Of Machinists David T. Ballantyne Donald Trump Mark Sanford Nikki Haley Ernest F. Hollings Henry Mcmaster Brian Symmes South Carolina Democratic Party University Of South Carolina Press North Charleston City Hall Matthew Ellison Larry Kobrovsky Drew Mckissick Schuyler Kropf Follow Schuyler Kropf Close Get email notifications on Schuyler Kropf daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Schuyler Kropf posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Schuyler Kropf Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Emma Dumain Follow Emma Dumain Close Get email notifications on Emma Dumain daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Emma Dumain posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Emma Dumain Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today Most Popular Articles Collections Articles Charleston jury awards $1.3M to black couple who accused trooper of racial profiling Police: Moncks Corner homeowner's fatal shooting of burglar 'necessary' to protect family Police: Mount Pleasant man, 74, shot wife, then reported death as suicide Corruption probe eyes political operatives’ aid to then-S.C. GOP chair Henry McMaster After Sullivan's Island Police Chief Danny Howard abruptly resigns, mayor pro tem 'surprised' CBS on U-Verse blacked out in Charleston as 'March Madness' tips off Solar eclipse over South Carolina will affect school days for Charleston, Dorchester and Berkeley districts Downtown Charleston to say goodbye to George's Loan & Music Co as two new shops move in Cynthia Graham Hurd Library, 2 other Charleston buildings vandalized with graffiti and racial slurs Downtown property owners call Charleston's plan to remove them from hotel zone 'legally questionable' Collections King Street shop closes after 81 years in business Downtown's second-oldest pizzeria renamed Smith Street Pizza Charleston Fashion Week opening night Geneva auto show's hottest cars and concepts Shuckin' In The Park at Old Santee Canal Park St. Paddy's Pawlooza at Wannamaker County Park Pawpaw restaurant, Southern-inspired Charleston Wine + Food Sinister Siesta Ocearch shark-tagging effort Wine + Food Iron Mixologist Competition See All Ads loading... Poll Site Links About Staff Mobile Apps Newsletters Become a member Place an Ad Advertising Rates Opinion Classifieds Search Related Properties Aiken Standard - Aiken, SC Georgetown Times - Georgetown, SC South Strand News - Pawleys Island & Murrells Inlet, SC The Gazette - Goose Creek, SC The News - Kingstree, SC The Berkeley Independent - Moncks Corner, SC Moultrie News - Mount Pleasant, SC The Star - North Augusta, SC Journal Scene - Summerville, SC Free Times - Columbia, SC Evening Post Books - Charleston, SC Contact Information Post and Courier 134 Columbus Street Charleston, SC 29403 Phone: 843-577-7111 News tips/online questions: webteam@postandcourier.com Delivery/subscription questions: subserve@postandcourier.com © , Post and Courier, an Evening Post Industries company. All rights reserved. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy

Thursday, March 16, 2017 Subscriber Services Legal Ads Homes Autos Jobs Classified The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Celebrate 150 Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Komen Race for the Cure Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts TV Listings Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Opinion Home   George Will Who will protect U.S. economy from protectors?     Feb. 12, 2017   Today’s Opinion stories Paying for parks Keep mileage standard Finally, we’ll be free to downgrade health care Are Your Sperm in Trouble? The ‘Trumpcare’ trap More Opinion »   At their post-Civil War apogee, 19th-century Republicans were the party of activist government, using protectionism to pick commercial winners and promising wondrous benefits from government’s deft interventions in economic life. Today, a Republican administration promises that wisely wielded Washington power can rearrange commercial activities in ways superior to those produced by private-sector calculations in free market transactions. According to the Financial Times, Peter Navarro, head of the president’s National Trade Council, says an administration priority is “unwinding and repatriating the international supply chains on which many U.S. multinational companies rely.” This will make life interesting for, among many others, America’s third and 24th largest corporations, Apple and Boeing. The tiny print on the back of iPhones accurately says it is “assembled,” not manufactured, in China. The American Enterprise Institute’s James Pethokoukis notes that parts come from South Korea, Japan, Italy, Taiwan, Germany and the United States. Components of Boeing airliners’ wings come from Japan, South Korea and Australia; horizontal stabilizers and center fuselages from Italy; cargo access doors from Sweden; passenger entry doors from France; landing gear doors from Canada; engines and landing gear from Britain. Navarro’s “unwinding and repatriating” is, to say no more, part of an improbable project: making America greater by making Apple, Boeing and many other corporations much less efficient and less competitive. This will further slow economic growth, making even more unattainable the 4 percent (more than double the economy’s average growth this century) or higher growth that the administration says will enable it to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure (including a $15 billion or so wall on the Mexican border, begun after nearly a decade of net negative immigration from Mexico), while substantially increasing military spending, leaving entitlements unreformed and delivering enormous tax cuts. These tax cuts, according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget (co-chaired by Republican Mitch Daniels and Democrat Leon Panetta, both former directors of the Office of Management and Budget), will reduce revenues by $5.8 trillion over 10 years. This, as the Congressional Budget Office projects that even without any of the administration’s proposed spending spree and tax cuts, under current law the national debt would increase by $9.4 trillion. Speaking of supply chains: In her book “The Travels of a T-Shirt in the Global Economy,” Georgetown University’s Pietra Rivoli recounts a conversation with a man from Shanghai who said that if she would come to China he would help her see various places involved in producing the inexpensive T-shirts exported to America. She would see where the yarn is spun, the fabric is knit and the shirts are sewn. Asked if she could see where the cotton is grown, the man from China said he could not show her that because the cotton probably is grown in “Teksa.” Rivoli spun a globe around to China and asked him to point to Teksa. “He took the globe and spun it back around the other way. ‘Here, I think it is grown here.’ I followed his finger. Patrick was pointing at Texas.” Today’s Republican administration promises protection against the destruction of American jobs by the Chinese, Mexicans and other foreigners. The really prolific destroyers are: Americans. As Reason’s John Tamny says, Americans streaming movies from Netflix (based in Los Gatos, Calif.) erase American jobs in movie theaters and DVD rental stores. Americans buying books from Seattle-based Amazon have caused many American bookstores to do what Borders’ (400 stores, 11,000 employees) did: disappear. Americans using San Francisco-based Uber are destroying many taxi drivers’ jobs. Evidently our protectors in the administration must believe this: The destruction of American jobs because Americans buy goods or services of some American companies rather than those of other American companies is benign. But the destruction of American jobs because Americans buy goods or services of foreign companies is intolerable. An administration confident about conducting interventions in the economy should demonstrate care when bandying numbers. But in defending the sensible idea of reducing government regulation of the financial sector, Gary Cohn, director of the president’s National Economic Council, said this would save “literally hundreds of billions of dollars of regulatory costs every year.” Former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers notes the implausibility: “Total bank profits last year were about $170 billion.” Deregulation will more than double profits? As today’s Republicans celebrate a protectionist administration that is confident that Washington’s superior wisdom can improve upon the market’s allocation of economic resources, Democrats must resent Republican plagiarism. Who will protect Americans from their protectors? George Will (georgewill@washpost.com) is a columnist based in Washington, D.C. More George Will articles »     RG Opinion Editorials, commentary & more delivered to your inbox.         Today’s Opinion stories Editorial Paying for parks Editorial Keep mileage standard E.J. Dionne Finally, we’ll be free to downgrade health care Guest Viewpoint Kitzhaber salmon policy failed to meet its goals George Will Defense of spending by the NEA has become an art form Nicholas Kristof Are Your Sperm in Trouble? Robert Samuelson The ‘Trumpcare’ trap David Brooks The Benedict Option Garrison Keillor Make the American novel great again George Will A place to learn and celebrate America’s foundational principles E.J. Dionne Next steps for the Trump resistance Paul Krugman Facts Are Enemies of the People     Local Federal Court Family of military veteran shot by Eugene police files $7.5 million lawsuit The family of a military veteran who was fatally shot at his home in 2015 by a Eugene police officer has filed a $7.5 million lawsuit against the city, a number of officers and an … Related From the archive: Deconstructing Brian Babb's final hour Lane County home sales transforms to ‘super sellers’ market, expert says No pot shop buffer rule for now; Eugene city councilors ask for more data Eugene School Board discusses 4 options for general obligation construction bond, ranging from $75 million to $300 million More Local » Arts Music Third Eugene Symphony candidate Lecce-Chong discusses his approach, what drew him to job He will be conducting the symphony on Thursday Following an international search, the Eugene Symphony board of directors and music director search committee announced the three finalists for its next music director and conductor earlier this year. “There’s no more exciting time in … The Beatles meet theater: Northwest Ten Festival returns for its ninth season Strings of life: Delgani String Quartet commissions original scores loosely inspired by composer Bedrich Smetana Join Ensemble of Oregon on a Grecian journey; Shedd academy gets classical More Arts » Weekend Entertaining Spear in to spring March heralds taste for change of season — which this veggie delivers Asparagus, the darling of the spring vegetables, needs very little enhancing. A little butter, a squeeze of lemon and some salt. Serve as a side with any main dish, especially salmon or lamb in keeping … Weekend events for Lane County and beyond, March 18-19 Even bulbs have a lull sometimes Fairy gardens captivate imaginations of all ages More Weekend »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Latest News Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson March 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Conservative Media - Rex Tillerson - Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the U.S. Secretary of State is on a trip to Asia accompanied by just one reporter, a correspondent at the White House from IJR the Independent Journal Review, on online outlet that was founded during 2012 by former political operatives who are Republican. In a prepared statement, the IJR announced on Tuesday that […] Continue Reading Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping March 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: John McCain - Wiretapping On Sunday, Arizona Senator John McCain said that President Donald Trump should substantiate or retract the claim he made that he was wire-tapped by President Barack Obama during the final weeks of Trump’s presidential campaign prior to his election to the White House. McCain also said he expects there will be more to come related […] Continue Reading After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare March 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: American Health Care Act - Obamacare Late Thursday a second committee in the House of Representatives approved the Obamacare repeal legislation from the Republican Party. President Donald Trump used deal making skills that helped him reach the White House to build the momentum behind the bill amidst a growing worry amongst prominent GOP members that fast tracking this measure might end […] Continue Reading Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump March 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: Hawaii - Hawaii Suing The U.S. state of Hawaii will ask a judge to block the revised Presidential executive order that bars issuance of new visas to people from six nations that are Muslim-majority, according to a filing of a document in court. Lawyers from Hawaii hope to make the filing on Wednesday and it would mark the first […] Continue Reading New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: Travel Ban - Trump Travel Ban It is expected that President Donald Trump would sign his latest executive order as early as Monday that suspends admissions of refugees and bans the entry of people from six countries that are Muslim-majority. The new order was revised from the original that Trump signed during late January and argues the move was needed to […] Continue Reading Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor March 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Governor Pence - Private Email of Pence Vice President Mike Pence, while the Indiana Governor, used a private email account, which later was compromised his office confirmed on Thursday. The account’s existence was reported after an Indianapolis newspaper obtained copies of emails sent by Pence through a request of the Freedom of Information act. The paper wrote that Pence had used the […] Continue Reading President Trump’s First Address Optimistic March 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: President Trump. Full Congress Address President Donald Trump delivered his first address to Congress on Tuesday. In his address, he defended his presidency and said he wanted to reach across the party lines and put trivial fights aside to help Americans. He asked Congress to work on overhauling healthcare with him, changing tax code as well as rebuilding the military […] Continue Reading Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military February 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Defense Spending - President Trump On Monday, President Donald Trump instructed federal agencies to assemble a new budget for the upcoming fiscal year that would include steep increases in spending by the Department of Defense and drastic cuts for many domestic agencies so he can maintain one of his campaign promises not to touch Medicare and Social Security, said four […] Continue Reading President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal February 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Top of the Pack - U.S. Nuclear Arsenal On Thursday, President Donald Trump announced that he wanted to ensure that the nuclear arsenal of the U.S. was “top of the pack.” He said the U.S. has dropped behind in weapons capacity. During an interview with Reuters, Trump said that China could solve the challenge of national security quite easily that is posed by […] Continue Reading Immigration Enforcement Plan Has Immigrants and Advocates Worried February 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: immigration - U.S. Immigration - U.S. Immigration Reform To advocates of immigration, the White House administration laid out a plan of mass deportations Tuesday when it released a detailed outline of how it is going to enforcement immigration laws in the U.S. The National Immigration Law Center (NILC) executive director Marielena Hincapie said the center is preparing for increased raids and more detentions […] Continue Reading Sweden Statement Clarified by President Trump February 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: President Trump - Sweden Tweet On Sunday, President Donald Trump, in what can be described in an unusually measured and subdued tweet, pushed back against the false claims he made up a terrorist attack in Sweden. The president used his twitter account to clarify that he had not been referencing an actual attack but a segment on Fox News. Through […] Continue Reading President Donald Trump Says He Inherited a Mess February 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Trump News Conference - Trump White House On Thursday, President Donald Trump aired out some grievances against the media, the intelligence community as well as his detractors in his new conference. The president defended his handpicked advisers against the claims of improper contacts with officials from Russia. He claimed, which is contrary to the perceptions of most that his administration was running […] Continue Reading Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn February 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Michael Flynn - Mike Pence - Russia U.S. President Donald Trump was allegedly told six days after his inauguration that Michael Flynn, at the time his national security adviser, misled Vice President Mike Pence about phone calls Flynn had with Russia, but failed to tell Pence. Trump, after he learned of the phone calls, apparently kept his vice president in the dark […] Continue Reading President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Donald Trump - Justin Trudeau - Trump and Trudeau On Monday, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will meet with U.S. President Donald Trump for talks at the White House that should include launching a joint initiative for female entrepreneurs and business leaders. The two heads of state will hold a number of meetings that include what the Trump administration described as a roundtable on […] Continue Reading White House Announces Conway Was Counseled February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Conway Statement Unethical - Kellyanne Conway On Thursday, the White House said President Donald Trump’s top advisor was counseled after she used an appearance on television to promote the jewelry and clothing line of Ivanka Trump, the president’s daughter. That endorsement, in which Kellyann Conway told viewers on Fox to go and buy Ivanka’s stuff, seemed to violate key ethics rules […] Continue Reading Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Elizabeth Warren - Senate Silences Warren Senator Elizabeth Warren voiced her opinion on Facebook late on Tuesday to end her speech that was formally silenced by Republicans on the Senate floor after she quoted Coretta Scott King while criticizing President Trump’s attorney general nominee Senator Jeff Sessions. The drama unfolded when the Democrat from Massachusetts overstepped the arcane rules of the […] Continue Reading Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Donald Trump - Steve Bannon President Trump reportedly was not fully briefed about the executive order that he signed allowing Steve Bannon his chief strategist to have a seat at meetings of the top national security efforts of the country. On Sunday, the New York Times ran a report that said Bannon has told his allies that he and Stephen […] Continue Reading Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: Judges Halts Ban - Travel Ban Halted The White House administration is preparing to battle in court for the immigration order of President Donald Trump after a Seattle federal judge halted it nationwide on Friday. The decision on Friday set up the U.S. for a second consecutive weekend of uncertainty across the country over the ban, but this time with the new […] Continue Reading President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Harley-Davidson - Trump Cancels Trip U.S. President Donald Trump is not going to Milwaukee for a scheduled visit to the Harley-Davidson plant after company officials there decided it would be too uncomfortable hosting the president amidst planned protests, said a White House official. Trump was scheduled to take a tour of the plant on Thursday where he planned as well […] Continue Reading White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting January 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: President Executive Order - Trump Order On Sunday, the White House appeared as if it was pulling back on one key part of the tough immigration order by the President, signaling that travelers attempting to enter the U.S. from the 7 countries banned by President Trump can enter if they are green card holders. Chief of Staff at the White House […] Continue Reading President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs January 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Labor Secretary - Outsourcing Jobs The pick President Donald Trump made as his Secretary of Labor outsourced jobs in the technology department of his fast food business in the Philippines. This move contradicts the vow by Trump to keep jobs in the United States. Trump has threatened, lashed out and attempted to charm companies in the U.S. that have even […] Continue Reading President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration Tags: Border Wall - U.S. Sanctuary Cities U.S. President Donald Trump is planning to sign more executive orders on Wednesday that will enable the construction of his wall along the border between the U.S. and Mexico and target sanctuary cities where leaders will not hand over undocumented immigrants to be deported, said officials at the White House. The actions are part of […] Continue Reading White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns January 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: President Trump - Trump Tax Returns President Donald Trump’s counselor, Kellyanne Conway announced on Sunday that Trump would not release his tax returns, which reverses months of repeated promises during his campaign to release them after an audit had been completed. The comments from Conway came as a response to a petition at Whitehouse.gov with over 200,000 signatures that called on […] Continue Reading Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Donald Trump Inauguration - Inauguration Protests The nation’s capital is expected to be filled with hundreds of thousands of observers who will attend the inauguration of the 45th U.S. president Donald Trump. While the vast majority are in Washington to celebrate the big event, some of them will be protesters and are planning to do all they can to disrupt the […] Continue Reading Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Donald Trump - Summer Zervos A woman, who has previously accused president-elect Donald Trump of making unwanted sexual advances, filed a defamation suit against him, only three days prior to Trump being inaugurated as the next U.S. president. A former “The Apprentice” contestant, Summer Zervos said during a Los Angeles press conference that she filed her lawsuit over the alleged […] Continue Reading Older Entries Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pandora Media Inc (P) Given Hold Rating at Wells Fargo & Co Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P (CLMT) Bonds Rise 2.8% During Trading Cogint, Inc. (COGT) Insider Michael Brauser Acquires 5,000 Shares of Stock Rupert Resources Ltd (RUP) Insider Alan Douglas Brimacombe Buys 12,300 Shares of Stock CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) Director Claudio A. Mannarino Acquires 1,500 Shares Enerplus Corp (ERF) Insider John Edward Hoffman Purchases 1,000 Shares of Stock Ironclad Performance Wear Co. (ICPW) VP William Aisenberg Acquires 50,000 Shares of Stock ExOne Co (XONE) Releases Earnings Results Nike’s (NKE) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies Green Dot Co. (GDOT) Given “Buy” Rating at Loop Capital Garrison Capital Inc (GARS) CFO Brian S. Chase Acquires 5,000 Shares of Stock QuinStreet Inc (QNST) SVP Martin J. Collins Sells 15,564 Shares of Stock Rambus Inc. (RMBS) SVP Laura Stark Sells 3,810 Shares Insider Buying: Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc (SHOS) Director Purchases 7,300 Shares of Stock WestBond Enterprises Co. (WBE) Insider Mario Grech Buys 105,000 Shares Ambarella Inc (AMBA) Receives “Buy” Rating from Canaccord Genuity Insider Selling: Exco Technologies Limited (XTC) Insider Sells 10,100 Shares of Stock Big Rock Brewery Inc (BR) Director Buys C$47,100.00 in Stock Niraj Shah Sells 829 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Sector Perform Rating for Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Latest News Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson March 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Conservative Media - Rex Tillerson - Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the U.S. Secretary of State is on a trip to Asia accompanied by just one reporter, a correspondent at the White House from IJR the Independent Journal Review, on online outlet that was founded during 2012 by former political operatives who are Republican. In a prepared statement, the IJR announced on Tuesday that […] Continue Reading Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping March 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: John McCain - Wiretapping On Sunday, Arizona Senator John McCain said that President Donald Trump should substantiate or retract the claim he made that he was wire-tapped by President Barack Obama during the final weeks of Trump’s presidential campaign prior to his election to the White House. McCain also said he expects there will be more to come related […] Continue Reading After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare March 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: American Health Care Act - Obamacare Late Thursday a second committee in the House of Representatives approved the Obamacare repeal legislation from the Republican Party. President Donald Trump used deal making skills that helped him reach the White House to build the momentum behind the bill amidst a growing worry amongst prominent GOP members that fast tracking this measure might end […] Continue Reading Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump March 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: Hawaii - Hawaii Suing The U.S. state of Hawaii will ask a judge to block the revised Presidential executive order that bars issuance of new visas to people from six nations that are Muslim-majority, according to a filing of a document in court. Lawyers from Hawaii hope to make the filing on Wednesday and it would mark the first […] Continue Reading New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: Travel Ban - Trump Travel Ban It is expected that President Donald Trump would sign his latest executive order as early as Monday that suspends admissions of refugees and bans the entry of people from six countries that are Muslim-majority. The new order was revised from the original that Trump signed during late January and argues the move was needed to […] Continue Reading Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor March 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Governor Pence - Private Email of Pence Vice President Mike Pence, while the Indiana Governor, used a private email account, which later was compromised his office confirmed on Thursday. The account’s existence was reported after an Indianapolis newspaper obtained copies of emails sent by Pence through a request of the Freedom of Information act. The paper wrote that Pence had used the […] Continue Reading President Trump’s First Address Optimistic March 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: President Trump. Full Congress Address President Donald Trump delivered his first address to Congress on Tuesday. In his address, he defended his presidency and said he wanted to reach across the party lines and put trivial fights aside to help Americans. He asked Congress to work on overhauling healthcare with him, changing tax code as well as rebuilding the military […] Continue Reading Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military February 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Defense Spending - President Trump On Monday, President Donald Trump instructed federal agencies to assemble a new budget for the upcoming fiscal year that would include steep increases in spending by the Department of Defense and drastic cuts for many domestic agencies so he can maintain one of his campaign promises not to touch Medicare and Social Security, said four […] Continue Reading President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal February 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Top of the Pack - U.S. Nuclear Arsenal On Thursday, President Donald Trump announced that he wanted to ensure that the nuclear arsenal of the U.S. was “top of the pack.” He said the U.S. has dropped behind in weapons capacity. During an interview with Reuters, Trump said that China could solve the challenge of national security quite easily that is posed by […] Continue Reading Immigration Enforcement Plan Has Immigrants and Advocates Worried February 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: immigration - U.S. Immigration - U.S. Immigration Reform To advocates of immigration, the White House administration laid out a plan of mass deportations Tuesday when it released a detailed outline of how it is going to enforcement immigration laws in the U.S. The National Immigration Law Center (NILC) executive director Marielena Hincapie said the center is preparing for increased raids and more detentions […] Continue Reading Sweden Statement Clarified by President Trump February 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: President Trump - Sweden Tweet On Sunday, President Donald Trump, in what can be described in an unusually measured and subdued tweet, pushed back against the false claims he made up a terrorist attack in Sweden. The president used his twitter account to clarify that he had not been referencing an actual attack but a segment on Fox News. Through […] Continue Reading President Donald Trump Says He Inherited a Mess February 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Trump News Conference - Trump White House On Thursday, President Donald Trump aired out some grievances against the media, the intelligence community as well as his detractors in his new conference. The president defended his handpicked advisers against the claims of improper contacts with officials from Russia. He claimed, which is contrary to the perceptions of most that his administration was running […] Continue Reading Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn February 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Michael Flynn - Mike Pence - Russia U.S. President Donald Trump was allegedly told six days after his inauguration that Michael Flynn, at the time his national security adviser, misled Vice President Mike Pence about phone calls Flynn had with Russia, but failed to tell Pence. Trump, after he learned of the phone calls, apparently kept his vice president in the dark […] Continue Reading President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Donald Trump - Justin Trudeau - Trump and Trudeau On Monday, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will meet with U.S. President Donald Trump for talks at the White House that should include launching a joint initiative for female entrepreneurs and business leaders. The two heads of state will hold a number of meetings that include what the Trump administration described as a roundtable on […] Continue Reading White House Announces Conway Was Counseled February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Conway Statement Unethical - Kellyanne Conway On Thursday, the White House said President Donald Trump’s top advisor was counseled after she used an appearance on television to promote the jewelry and clothing line of Ivanka Trump, the president’s daughter. That endorsement, in which Kellyann Conway told viewers on Fox to go and buy Ivanka’s stuff, seemed to violate key ethics rules […] Continue Reading Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Elizabeth Warren - Senate Silences Warren Senator Elizabeth Warren voiced her opinion on Facebook late on Tuesday to end her speech that was formally silenced by Republicans on the Senate floor after she quoted Coretta Scott King while criticizing President Trump’s attorney general nominee Senator Jeff Sessions. The drama unfolded when the Democrat from Massachusetts overstepped the arcane rules of the […] Continue Reading Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Donald Trump - Steve Bannon President Trump reportedly was not fully briefed about the executive order that he signed allowing Steve Bannon his chief strategist to have a seat at meetings of the top national security efforts of the country. On Sunday, the New York Times ran a report that said Bannon has told his allies that he and Stephen […] Continue Reading Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: Judges Halts Ban - Travel Ban Halted The White House administration is preparing to battle in court for the immigration order of President Donald Trump after a Seattle federal judge halted it nationwide on Friday. The decision on Friday set up the U.S. for a second consecutive weekend of uncertainty across the country over the ban, but this time with the new […] Continue Reading President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Harley-Davidson - Trump Cancels Trip U.S. President Donald Trump is not going to Milwaukee for a scheduled visit to the Harley-Davidson plant after company officials there decided it would be too uncomfortable hosting the president amidst planned protests, said a White House official. Trump was scheduled to take a tour of the plant on Thursday where he planned as well […] Continue Reading White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting January 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: President Executive Order - Trump Order On Sunday, the White House appeared as if it was pulling back on one key part of the tough immigration order by the President, signaling that travelers attempting to enter the U.S. from the 7 countries banned by President Trump can enter if they are green card holders. Chief of Staff at the White House […] Continue Reading President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs January 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Labor Secretary - Outsourcing Jobs The pick President Donald Trump made as his Secretary of Labor outsourced jobs in the technology department of his fast food business in the Philippines. This move contradicts the vow by Trump to keep jobs in the United States. Trump has threatened, lashed out and attempted to charm companies in the U.S. that have even […] Continue Reading President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration Tags: Border Wall - U.S. Sanctuary Cities U.S. President Donald Trump is planning to sign more executive orders on Wednesday that will enable the construction of his wall along the border between the U.S. and Mexico and target sanctuary cities where leaders will not hand over undocumented immigrants to be deported, said officials at the White House. The actions are part of […] Continue Reading White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns January 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: President Trump - Trump Tax Returns President Donald Trump’s counselor, Kellyanne Conway announced on Sunday that Trump would not release his tax returns, which reverses months of repeated promises during his campaign to release them after an audit had been completed. The comments from Conway came as a response to a petition at Whitehouse.gov with over 200,000 signatures that called on […] Continue Reading Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Donald Trump Inauguration - Inauguration Protests The nation’s capital is expected to be filled with hundreds of thousands of observers who will attend the inauguration of the 45th U.S. president Donald Trump. While the vast majority are in Washington to celebrate the big event, some of them will be protesters and are planning to do all they can to disrupt the […] Continue Reading Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Donald Trump - Summer Zervos A woman, who has previously accused president-elect Donald Trump of making unwanted sexual advances, filed a defamation suit against him, only three days prior to Trump being inaugurated as the next U.S. president. A former “The Apprentice” contestant, Summer Zervos said during a Los Angeles press conference that she filed her lawsuit over the alleged […] Continue Reading Older Entries Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pandora Media Inc (P) Given Hold Rating at Wells Fargo & Co Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P (CLMT) Bonds Rise 2.8% During Trading Cogint, Inc. (COGT) Insider Michael Brauser Acquires 5,000 Shares of Stock Rupert Resources Ltd (RUP) Insider Alan Douglas Brimacombe Buys 12,300 Shares of Stock CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) Director Claudio A. Mannarino Acquires 1,500 Shares Enerplus Corp (ERF) Insider John Edward Hoffman Purchases 1,000 Shares of Stock Ironclad Performance Wear Co. (ICPW) VP William Aisenberg Acquires 50,000 Shares of Stock ExOne Co (XONE) Releases Earnings Results Nike’s (NKE) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies Green Dot Co. (GDOT) Given “Buy” Rating at Loop Capital Garrison Capital Inc (GARS) CFO Brian S. Chase Acquires 5,000 Shares of Stock QuinStreet Inc (QNST) SVP Martin J. Collins Sells 15,564 Shares of Stock Rambus Inc. (RMBS) SVP Laura Stark Sells 3,810 Shares Insider Buying: Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc (SHOS) Director Purchases 7,300 Shares of Stock WestBond Enterprises Co. (WBE) Insider Mario Grech Buys 105,000 Shares Ambarella Inc (AMBA) Receives “Buy” Rating from Canaccord Genuity Insider Selling: Exco Technologies Limited (XTC) Insider Sells 10,100 Shares of Stock Big Rock Brewery Inc (BR) Director Buys C$47,100.00 in Stock Niraj Shah Sells 829 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Sector Perform Rating for Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
null
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Boeing's 777X Finally Breaks Its Order Drought With Singapore Airlines Deal Boeing's 777X just got a big endorsement from Singapore Airlines, after going a year and a half without a single order. Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Feb 11, 2017 at 10:50AM Boeing (NYSE:BA) launched the next-generation 777X with great fanfare in late 2013. The airplane held the promise of driving the next wave of growth in long-haul air travel while also replacing fuel-guzzling jumbo jets like the Boeing 747 and Airbus (NASDAQOTH:EADSY) A380 and serving as a successor to the popular 777-300ER. Unfortunately, a combination of lower fuel prices and economic weakness in multiple regions of the world have undermined sales of the 777X. However, Boeing finally got a much-needed order last week, as Singapore Airlines agreed to take 20 of the larger 777-9 model. The 777X falls into a rut The 777X launched in November 2013 with 259 orders and commitments from four of the biggest international airlines: Emirates, Lufthansa, Qatar Airways, and Etihad Airways. Boeing said that this was a record number of commitments for a widebody aircraft at launch. The following month, Boeing received another 21 orders, this time from Cathay Pacific. Since then, sales have slowed to a crawl. Japan's All Nippon Airways ordered 20 777-9s in 2014, but Boeing hasn't officially announced any significant new customers since then. In fact, Boeing didn't sell a single 777X during 2016. After a strong start, Boeing 777X sales dried up after 2014. Image source: Boeing. As a result, Boeing's firm order backlog for the 777X totaled 306 planes as of last month, barely more than the 2014 year-end total. This doesn't include the 15 777-9s that Iran Air officially plans to buy, because heightened tensions between the U.S. and Iran make it quite possible that this order will fall through. The first 777X isn't scheduled for delivery until 2020, so getting more orders hasn't been an urgent priority. Still, while 306 orders seems like a sizable backlog, some of those orders stretch out as far as 2030. There are open slots at least as early as 2021. Boeing would obviously like to fill those slots well before the situation becomes critical two or three years from now. A new order, at long last Boeing finally broke its 777X order slump last week. On Thursday, Singapore Airlines announced plans to buy 20 777-9 aircraft, along with an additional 19 787-10 Dreamliners. Winning this order was significant for two reasons. First, Singapore Airlines is a very prestigious carrier, and its aircraft orders can influence other airlines' fleet decisions. Indeed, with the Singapore Airlines deal, Boeing has now sold the 777X to each of the six best airlines in the world, according to the Skytrax 2016 World Airline Awards. Second, Singapore Airlines' decision to order the 777X is a blow to Airbus' two competing aircraft programs: the A350 and A380. Singapore Airlines is the second-largest customer for both of those aircraft types, with 67 total orders for the A350 and 24 for the A380. It would have been easy for it to stick with those Airbus models if they were a match for the 777X. Singapore Airlines chose the 777X over ordering more A350s. Image source: Airbus. Instead, the 777X order is just one more sign that Singapore Airlines wants to reduce its reliance on the A380 jumbo jet or get rid of it entirely. It also helps undermine the case for a stretched version of the Airbus A350 that would compete directly with the 777-9. The market for planes of this size isn't that big, so every order won by Boeing erodes the business case for Airbus. Time to sell more planes Singapore Airlines has said that it will receive its first 777-9s during the 2021-2022 financial year. This will start to fill in some of the gaps in Boeing's firm order book for the 777X. Still, 20 planes is a relatively small number, considering that the 777 production line currently churns out seven airplanes per month (down from 8.3 per month for the last few years). Thus, Boeing needs to keep working hard to bring in new customers for the 777X program in the face of weak demand for widebody jets. Qantas and Turkish Airlines have both expressed interest in the 777X. Boeing should also try to sell the model to at least one of the major aircraft leasing firms, in order to make it available to smaller airlines. China's three big state-owned airlines (China Southern, China Eastern, and Air China) are obvious targets for a 777X sales campaign as well. Boeing can't rest on its laurels. It needs to use the Singapore Airlines deal as a springboard for further orders. Adam Levine-Weinberg owns shares of Boeing. The Motley Fool has no position in any of the stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Adam Levine-Weinberg (TMFGemHunter) Adam Levine-Weinberg is a senior Industrials/Consumer Goods specialist with The Motley Fool. He is an avid stock-market watcher and a value investor at heart. He primarily covers airline, auto, retail, and tech stocks. Follow him on Twitter for the latest news and commentary on the airline industry! Follow @AdamLLW Article Info Feb 11, 2017 at 10:50AM Industrials Stocks Boeing NYSE:BA $178.19 down $0.52 (-0.29%) Airbus NASDAQOTH:EADSY $18.61 down $0.29 (-1.53%) Read More Boeing Co. Earnings: A Solid End to a Turbulent Year What I'm Looking for in The Boeing Company's Q4 Earnings Report Delta Air Lines Has Finally Canceled Its Boeing Dreamliner Order Lockheed Beware: Boeing Gives Navy a Cut-Price Deal on New Fighter Jets "Tens of Billions" of Dollars on the Line in F-15 Upgrades Project Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current
e-Edition Obituaries Special Sections Special Occasions Subscribe Paywall Login Login to Comment Register March 16th, 2017 Menu Home News Sports Business Entertainment Classifieds Commentary Contact Local News Provincial News National News World News U of L links with Composites Research Network Poll Are you in favour of the government’s continued spending in the Alberta budget? Yes No View Results  Loading ... Follow @LethHerald on twitter By Mabell, Dave on February 11, 2017. Dave Mabell Lethbridge Herald dmabell@lethbridgeherald.com “Composites are the future.” So many objects – from Lamborghinis to bicycles – will be made out of composite materials, predicts physicist David Naylor. So, the longtime University of Lethbridge professor is excited about a new link between the university and the Composites Research Network – alongside major institutions like McGill, UBC and the University of Alberta. “This is a major step forward for the university, putting our research into the hands of industry partners, and creating multiple new opportunities,” says Naylor, the university’s Board of Governors Research Chair for the Department of Physics and Astronomy. “Being a part of this network will connect us to industry heavyweights like Boeing and Convergent Manufacturing Technologies.” Composites, he points out, are materials made from two or more different materials, which together offer different characteristics than their original components. “Composites are stronger than steel, lightweight, have virtually no conductivity – and for what we do in space, they are the perfect answer.” Boeing’s new 787 “Dreamliner” aircraft contains about 50 per cent composites, he points out. Boeing also operates a space satellite division, he explains, and the U of L could help its designers test new space probes and instruments. “We’re now partnered with Boeing in exploring this new realm of composite materials,” Naylor reports. One of the university’s advantages, he says, is its cryogenic test facility – considered the best in Canada. It can determine how materials will stand up to extreme cold. “We’re the only group that can do this kind of testing,” Naylor says. “We can test material properties at extremely low temperatures, down to 0.3 degrees Kelvin.” That’s colder than the coldest part of the universe, he explains. “You wouldn’t think that cryogenics would be at a small university such s ours, but we are anomalous and we bring a unique skill set.” Naylor also heads the university’s Astronomical Instrumentation Group, which worked as part of the Herschel-SPIRE Consortium and earned him an award from the Royal Astronomical Society. More recently, the U of L instrumentation group was awarded $500,000 by the Canadian Space Agency to train promising young astronomers and engineers – contributing to Canada’s ability to play leading roles in future space astronomy missions. Follow @DMabellHerald on Twitter 000000 You have 7 free stories left to read this month. Subscribe Now & get unlimited access 000000 Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. More ways to get to us Facebook Twitter YouTube ePaper Login Subscribe Subscription Services Archive About Us The Lethbridge Herald Other Publications Food For Thought Contact Careers Contact the Lethbridge Herald 504 - 7th Street South Lethbridge, AB T1J 3Z7 [P] (403) 328-4411 [F] (403)328-4536 Print Advertising: (403) 328-4410 National Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Online Advertising: (403) 380-7585 Classifieds: (403) 328-4433 © 1996-2017 The Lethbridge Herald, A Division of Continental Newspapers Canada Ltd. Advertising Terms and Conditions & Privacy Policy
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics ORCL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Boeing Co Stock (BA) Takes Flight After Earnings Boost An undervalued defense contractor may still have room to run for investors By , Street Authority  |  Feb 7, 2017, 9:34 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Why Starbucks Corporation Stock (SBUX) Could Soon Hit Record Levels It’s Time To Sell The Classic American Stock: The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Recent Posts: The Best ‘Trump Trade’ Right Now is Rockwell Collins, Inc. (COL) Two Harbors Investment Corp REIT (TWO) Pays Out This Sustainable Yield Can Pitney Bowes Inc. (PBI) Reinvent Itself? View All Posts The new year is turning out to be just as I predicted for jet-maker and defense specialist Boeing Co (BA). Fresh on the heels of better-than-expected fourth-quarter earnings results, shares of the Dow component have posted year-to-date gains of 3.59%. Within the Dow Jones Industrial Average, Boeing trails only Walt Disney Co (DIS) and Visa Inc (V) in 2017 performance. New Orders, New Growth Prospects Boeing stock, currently trading at around $163, reached a new 52-week high of $170 on January 26. This marks a 10% rise since we last recommended the stock on December 15. And it would be a mistake to lock in these gains now, especially as the Chicago-based company continues to secure long-term contracts with various local and international government agencies. Most recently, Boeing announced a win on a $2.1 billion contract to build 15 more KC-46A refueling aircrafts. The recent order for 15 planes follows a $2.8 billion deal in August for 19 planes, which now puts Boeing’s KC-46A orders at 34. But wait, there’s more. Earlier this month, the company won a $22 billion deal from SpiceJet Ltd., an India-based, low-cost airliner looking to expand its domestic and international operations. India’s fourth-largest airline by number of passengers carried with a market share of 13%, SpiceJet operates more than 300 daily flights to 41 Indian and international destinations. In an effort to grow its market share, SpiceJet will buy up to 205 next-generation planes from Boeing, marking Boeing’s largest ever order commitment from an Indian airline. 10 Stocks to Buy for Donald Trump’s Second Wind Why is that a big deal? Boeing expects India will need almost 2,000 new aircraft worth $265 billion over the next 20 years, with single-aisle planes making up the bulk of new deliveries. And with various India-based airlines announcing flights to new destinations in the country almost every week, Boeing’s revenue in India is poised to take off. Where Things Stand Last week, the world’s biggest plane maker reported fourth quarter fiscal 2016 earnings results that beat Wall Street estimates on both the top and bottom lines. In the three months ending in December, Boeing posted a net income of $1.63 billion, or $2.59 per share, compared to $1.03 billion, or $1.51 per share, in the same period a year ago. On an adjusted basis, when taking out one-time gains and costs, earnings were $2.47 per share, which easily beat the average analyst estimate by 12 cents. While fourth-quarter revenue of $23.29 billion declined 1.2%, down from $23.57 billion a year ago, it still exceeded the consensus forecast of $23.19 billion. During the quarter, not only did the company benefit from higher-than-expected deliveries, Boeing also booked 288 more commercial airplanes net orders during, which puts its already-strong backlog at more than 5,700 airplanes with a total value of $416 billion. Accordingly, Boeing — as evidenced by its guidance — sees no signs of slowing business. “We led the industry in commercial airplane deliveries for the fifth consecutive year, achieved healthy sales in our defense, space and services segments, and produced record operating cash flow, which fueled investment in innovation and our people and generated significant returns to shareholders,” CEO Dennis Muilenburg said in a statement. Looking ahead, Boeing expects 2017 core earnings, which exclude some pension and other costs, to be in the range of $9.10 to $9.30 per share on revenue of $90.5 billion to $92.5 billion. The company is also targeting a range of 760 to 765 commercial plane deliveries in 2017, which — on the high end — would mark a 2.2% rise from the 748 deliveries in 2016. Operating cash flow, meanwhile, is expected to reach $10.75 billion in 2017 compared to $10.50 billion in 2016, marking a 2.4% increase. And here’s the thing: Those estimates are likely too conservative given that the guidance was issued prior to last Friday’s contract announcement for the KC-46As. Boeing had resorted to cost cutting in recent quarters to offset declining revenue, but can now ramp up production and make investments. The company can also boost its buyback program and quarter dividends — which are already strong. For fiscal 2016, the company bought back 55.1 million shares, spending $7.0 billion. So where is BA stock headed? Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/02/boeing-stock-takes-flight-after-earnings-boost/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 7 Dividend Stocks With Yields That Grow Like Weeds 4 High-Yield Dividend Stocks to Pass Up 3 Growth Stocks No Longer Growing GoPro Stock Rebounds, But ... The Tesla Small SUV Has Big Implications 7 IPOs That Were Done the Right Way ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 7 Best IPOs to Buy for the Rest of 2017 3 Dow Jones Stocks That Could Break Down Soon 6 Tech Stocks to Buy for the VR Boom 3 Pharmacy Stocks at Risk Due to Skyrocketing Drug Costs Utility Stocks for Retirement Investors: 1 Stock, 1 ETF and 1 Mutual Fund Most Popular 10 Safe Dividend Stocks to Own During the Next Market Crash 7 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Are Actually Safe 3 Active Vanguard Funds That You Can’t Ignore 10 Monthly Dividend Stocks to Buy to Pay the Bills 3 Dow Jones Stocks That Could Break Down Soon 3 Winning Stocks to Buy That Will Humble Wall Street Analysts Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snapchat Be the Next Facebook ... or Twitter? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Latest News Conservative Site Only Media Outlet on Trip With Tillerson March 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Conservative Media - Rex Tillerson - Secretary of State Rex Tillerson the U.S. Secretary of State is on a trip to Asia accompanied by just one reporter, a correspondent at the White House from IJR the Independent Journal Review, on online outlet that was founded during 2012 by former political operatives who are Republican. In a prepared statement, the IJR announced on Tuesday that […] Continue Reading Senator John McCain Calls for President to Clarify Claim of Wiretapping March 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: John McCain - Wiretapping On Sunday, Arizona Senator John McCain said that President Donald Trump should substantiate or retract the claim he made that he was wire-tapped by President Barack Obama during the final weeks of Trump’s presidential campaign prior to his election to the White House. McCain also said he expects there will be more to come related […] Continue Reading After Debate of 27 Hours, Second Committee Oks Repeal of Obamacare March 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: American Health Care Act - Obamacare Late Thursday a second committee in the House of Representatives approved the Obamacare repeal legislation from the Republican Party. President Donald Trump used deal making skills that helped him reach the White House to build the momentum behind the bill amidst a growing worry amongst prominent GOP members that fast tracking this measure might end […] Continue Reading Hawaii Planning to Sue Over New Travel Ban by President Trump March 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: Hawaii - Hawaii Suing The U.S. state of Hawaii will ask a judge to block the revised Presidential executive order that bars issuance of new visas to people from six nations that are Muslim-majority, according to a filing of a document in court. Lawyers from Hawaii hope to make the filing on Wednesday and it would mark the first […] Continue Reading New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday March 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: Travel Ban - Trump Travel Ban It is expected that President Donald Trump would sign his latest executive order as early as Monday that suspends admissions of refugees and bans the entry of people from six countries that are Muslim-majority. The new order was revised from the original that Trump signed during late January and argues the move was needed to […] Continue Reading Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor March 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Governor Pence - Private Email of Pence Vice President Mike Pence, while the Indiana Governor, used a private email account, which later was compromised his office confirmed on Thursday. The account’s existence was reported after an Indianapolis newspaper obtained copies of emails sent by Pence through a request of the Freedom of Information act. The paper wrote that Pence had used the […] Continue Reading President Trump’s First Address Optimistic March 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: President Trump. Full Congress Address President Donald Trump delivered his first address to Congress on Tuesday. In his address, he defended his presidency and said he wanted to reach across the party lines and put trivial fights aside to help Americans. He asked Congress to work on overhauling healthcare with him, changing tax code as well as rebuilding the military […] Continue Reading Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military February 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Defense Spending - President Trump On Monday, President Donald Trump instructed federal agencies to assemble a new budget for the upcoming fiscal year that would include steep increases in spending by the Department of Defense and drastic cuts for many domestic agencies so he can maintain one of his campaign promises not to touch Medicare and Social Security, said four […] Continue Reading President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal February 24th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Top of the Pack - U.S. Nuclear Arsenal On Thursday, President Donald Trump announced that he wanted to ensure that the nuclear arsenal of the U.S. was “top of the pack.” He said the U.S. has dropped behind in weapons capacity. During an interview with Reuters, Trump said that China could solve the challenge of national security quite easily that is posed by […] Continue Reading Immigration Enforcement Plan Has Immigrants and Advocates Worried February 22nd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: immigration - U.S. Immigration - U.S. Immigration Reform To advocates of immigration, the White House administration laid out a plan of mass deportations Tuesday when it released a detailed outline of how it is going to enforcement immigration laws in the U.S. The National Immigration Law Center (NILC) executive director Marielena Hincapie said the center is preparing for increased raids and more detentions […] Continue Reading Sweden Statement Clarified by President Trump February 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: President Trump - Sweden Tweet On Sunday, President Donald Trump, in what can be described in an unusually measured and subdued tweet, pushed back against the false claims he made up a terrorist attack in Sweden. The president used his twitter account to clarify that he had not been referencing an actual attack but a segment on Fox News. Through […] Continue Reading President Donald Trump Says He Inherited a Mess February 17th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Trump News Conference - Trump White House On Thursday, President Donald Trump aired out some grievances against the media, the intelligence community as well as his detractors in his new conference. The president defended his handpicked advisers against the claims of improper contacts with officials from Russia. He claimed, which is contrary to the perceptions of most that his administration was running […] Continue Reading Report: Trump kept Vice President in Dark About Russians and Flynn February 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Michael Flynn - Mike Pence - Russia U.S. President Donald Trump was allegedly told six days after his inauguration that Michael Flynn, at the time his national security adviser, misled Vice President Mike Pence about phone calls Flynn had with Russia, but failed to tell Pence. Trump, after he learned of the phone calls, apparently kept his vice president in the dark […] Continue Reading President Donald Trump Hosting Canada’s Prime Minister Justin Trudeau February 13th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Donald Trump - Justin Trudeau - Trump and Trudeau On Monday, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau will meet with U.S. President Donald Trump for talks at the White House that should include launching a joint initiative for female entrepreneurs and business leaders. The two heads of state will hold a number of meetings that include what the Trump administration described as a roundtable on […] Continue Reading White House Announces Conway Was Counseled February 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Conway Statement Unethical - Kellyanne Conway On Thursday, the White House said President Donald Trump’s top advisor was counseled after she used an appearance on television to promote the jewelry and clothing line of Ivanka Trump, the president’s daughter. That endorsement, in which Kellyann Conway told viewers on Fox to go and buy Ivanka’s stuff, seemed to violate key ethics rules […] Continue Reading Warren Receives Support After GOP Formally Silences Her February 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics - U.S. Politics Tags: Elizabeth Warren - Senate Silences Warren Senator Elizabeth Warren voiced her opinion on Facebook late on Tuesday to end her speech that was formally silenced by Republicans on the Senate floor after she quoted Coretta Scott King while criticizing President Trump’s attorney general nominee Senator Jeff Sessions. The drama unfolded when the Democrat from Massachusetts overstepped the arcane rules of the […] Continue Reading Report: Trump Was Not Completely Briefed on Bannon NSC Seat February 6th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Donald Trump - Steve Bannon President Trump reportedly was not fully briefed about the executive order that he signed allowing Steve Bannon his chief strategist to have a seat at meetings of the top national security efforts of the country. On Sunday, the New York Times ran a report that said Bannon has told his allies that he and Stephen […] Continue Reading Justice Department Will Challenge Stop to Travel Ban February 4th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: Judges Halts Ban - Travel Ban Halted The White House administration is preparing to battle in court for the immigration order of President Donald Trump after a Seattle federal judge halted it nationwide on Friday. The decision on Friday set up the U.S. for a second consecutive weekend of uncertainty across the country over the ban, but this time with the new […] Continue Reading President Trump Cancels Harley-Davidson Trip Due to Possible Protests February 1st, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Harley-Davidson - Trump Cancels Trip U.S. President Donald Trump is not going to Milwaukee for a scheduled visit to the Harley-Davidson plant after company officials there decided it would be too uncomfortable hosting the president amidst planned protests, said a White House official. Trump was scheduled to take a tour of the plant on Thursday where he planned as well […] Continue Reading White House Appears to Pull Back on Part of Policy on Vetting January 30th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration - Politics Tags: President Executive Order - Trump Order On Sunday, the White House appeared as if it was pulling back on one key part of the tough immigration order by the President, signaling that travelers attempting to enter the U.S. from the 7 countries banned by President Trump can enter if they are green card holders. Chief of Staff at the White House […] Continue Reading President Trump’s Labor Secretary Choice Outsourced Jobs January 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Labor Secretary - Outsourcing Jobs The pick President Donald Trump made as his Secretary of Labor outsourced jobs in the technology department of his fast food business in the Philippines. This move contradicts the vow by Trump to keep jobs in the United States. Trump has threatened, lashed out and attempted to charm companies in the U.S. that have even […] Continue Reading President Trump Agenda: Border Wall and Sanctuary Cities January 25th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Immigration Tags: Border Wall - U.S. Sanctuary Cities U.S. President Donald Trump is planning to sign more executive orders on Wednesday that will enable the construction of his wall along the border between the U.S. and Mexico and target sanctuary cities where leaders will not hand over undocumented immigrants to be deported, said officials at the White House. The actions are part of […] Continue Reading White House Says President Trump Will Not Release His Tax Returns January 23rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: President Trump - Trump Tax Returns President Donald Trump’s counselor, Kellyanne Conway announced on Sunday that Trump would not release his tax returns, which reverses months of repeated promises during his campaign to release them after an audit had been completed. The comments from Conway came as a response to a petition at Whitehouse.gov with over 200,000 signatures that called on […] Continue Reading Protesters Plan Big Disruptions for Trump Inauguration January 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Donald Trump Inauguration - Inauguration Protests The nation’s capital is expected to be filled with hundreds of thousands of observers who will attend the inauguration of the 45th U.S. president Donald Trump. While the vast majority are in Washington to celebrate the big event, some of them will be protesters and are planning to do all they can to disrupt the […] Continue Reading Summer Zervos Filing Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump January 18th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Michael Burg Filed Under: Headlines - Politics Tags: Donald Trump - Summer Zervos A woman, who has previously accused president-elect Donald Trump of making unwanted sexual advances, filed a defamation suit against him, only three days prior to Trump being inaugurated as the next U.S. president. A former “The Apprentice” contestant, Summer Zervos said during a Los Angeles press conference that she filed her lawsuit over the alleged […] Continue Reading Older Entries Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Pandora Media Inc (P) Given Hold Rating at Wells Fargo & Co Calumet Specialty Products Partners, L.P (CLMT) Bonds Rise 2.8% During Trading Cogint, Inc. (COGT) Insider Michael Brauser Acquires 5,000 Shares of Stock Rupert Resources Ltd (RUP) Insider Alan Douglas Brimacombe Buys 12,300 Shares of Stock CECO Environmental Corp. (CECE) Director Claudio A. Mannarino Acquires 1,500 Shares Enerplus Corp (ERF) Insider John Edward Hoffman Purchases 1,000 Shares of Stock Ironclad Performance Wear Co. (ICPW) VP William Aisenberg Acquires 50,000 Shares of Stock ExOne Co (XONE) Releases Earnings Results Nike’s (NKE) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Piper Jaffray Companies Green Dot Co. (GDOT) Given “Buy” Rating at Loop Capital Garrison Capital Inc (GARS) CFO Brian S. Chase Acquires 5,000 Shares of Stock QuinStreet Inc (QNST) SVP Martin J. Collins Sells 15,564 Shares of Stock Rambus Inc. (RMBS) SVP Laura Stark Sells 3,810 Shares Insider Buying: Sears Hometown and Outlet Stores Inc (SHOS) Director Purchases 7,300 Shares of Stock WestBond Enterprises Co. (WBE) Insider Mario Grech Buys 105,000 Shares Ambarella Inc (AMBA) Receives “Buy” Rating from Canaccord Genuity Insider Selling: Exco Technologies Limited (XTC) Insider Sells 10,100 Shares of Stock Big Rock Brewery Inc (BR) Director Buys C$47,100.00 in Stock Niraj Shah Sells 829 Shares of Wayfair Inc (W) Stock Royal Bank of Canada Reaffirms Sector Perform Rating for Citrix Systems, Inc. (CTXS) © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
ePaper Apps Postal Delivery Photos Competitions Newspaper Archive Advertise With Us Shop Death Notices Find a... Home Job IrishExaminer Menu Login Home mobile Hot Topics News - Breaking News - Today's Stories - Special Reports - World - Farming - Weather - Web Archive - Newspaper Archive Sport - Breaking News - GAA - Football - Hurling - Rugby - Soccer - Racing - Golf - Others - Columns Lifestyle - Culture - Fashion/Beauty - Features - Food/Drink - Health/Life - Outdoors/Garden - Damien Enright - Donal Hickey - Richard Collins - Dick Warner - Showbiz - Travel - Home Viewpoints - Columns - Analysis - Our View - Your View - Send your views Video - Video News - Video Sport - Video Lifestyle - Video Viral - Video You May Have Missed Business - Business News - Technology - Small Business ExamViral TechNow - Movies - Technology - Gaming Property - Property Search Motoring - News - Reviews - Motors & Me Showbiz Ford 100 Horoscopes Death Notices Help - Advertise With Us - Apps - Competitions - ePaper - Photos - Postal Delivery - Shop Find a - Home - Job News Sport Business Views Life ExamViral Property Motors Tech Video Showbiz Ford 100 Login go Breaking Business News Small Business HOT TOPICS: Ford 100 Coast Guard Tragedy Eamonn Casey Cork Flood Plan Cheltenham 2017 Mother-and-baby homes Home»Business Ryanair resurrects long-haul service concept Saturday, February 11, 2017 Geoff Percival Ryanair has resurrected the idea of operating its own long-haul flights at some point, despite having seemingly killed off the notion two years ago. Speaking to Bloomberg at an event in Brussels, Ryanair boss Michael O’Leary was yesterday quoted as saying that the company has not completely given up on offering its own transatlantic flights. However, he noted the plan is low on the list of priorities, partly due to Boeing and Airbus being booked up on orders for relevant-sized planes out to the early 2020s. “When Boeing and Airbus have 80 or 100 spare slots for long-haul aircraft that they desperately want to shift at a low cost, we’ll jump on it,” he said. “But we’re not going to kill ourselves at the moment when their order books are full out to 2020-2021.” Ryanair has been heavily linked with a long-haul service for years, but seemed finally to end all such talk at its September 2015 AGM when chairman David Bonderman said: “We have no intention in flying trans- atlantic.” Meanwhile, Mr O’Leary told Bloomberg that Ryanair’s more immediate plans to connect with long-haul carriers should help clear away more competition for the Irish carrier on its European routes. Last month, Mr O’Leary said Ryanair is relatively close to signing a feeder flight/connectivity deal with a transatlantic carrier whereby passengers can use Ryanair to link with long haul connections and have their baggage seamlessly moved between the two planes. Ryanair has been talking to Aer Lingus owner IAG, Norwegian Air, Alitalia and Lufthansa about a connectivity deal and could have one in place by the summer. “The upside for us is in persuading the legacy carriers to stop trying to compete with us on short-haul because it feeds their long-haul,” he said. “Work with us on short-haul, you lose less money, I’ll have less competition. “There’s nothing but upside for the legacy carriers in this, except you’ve got to persuade them it’s not some scam.” Meanwhile, new data from global trade body the International Air Transport Association shows that premium air fares continue to hold up better than economy fares, which is helping to support airline financial performance. The association said the fourth quarter of 2016 saw a “solid” performance for the airline industry. However, it said global airline share prices only increased by 1.5% in January, underperforming the broader global equity market, which rose by 2.6%. Easyjet recently warned that a weak sterling would eat into its profits this year while Ryanair earlier this week maintained forecasts for its current financial year but said it missed earnings targets for its third quarter. Last Monday, Ryanair reported revenues of €1.34bn for the three months to the end of December. While these were up by 1% year-on-year, net profits for the quarter fell by 8% to €95m, driven down by average fares falling by 17%. Analysts had expected revenues of €1.36bn and profits of closer to €100m. Ryanair’s financial year runs to the end of March and management has kept to its full-year net profit guidance of between €1.3bn and €1.35bn, although it said it remains cautious on its outlook. The company’s shares were down over 2.2% yesterday. Additional reporting by Bloomberg READ MORE Visit the section home page here KEYWORDS ryanair, long-haul, michael oleary © Irish Examiner Ltd. All rights reserved Email UpdatesReceive our lunchtime briefing straight to your inbox More in this Section Timing of €3bn AIB sale pivots on Marine Le Pen vote Profitability hits 8-year low at Zara owner Inditex Red C wins RTÉ tender worth more than €267k US Fed hikes interest rate and signals more increases Breaking Stories US stocks hold steady as Fed-fuelled rally fades WATCH: Denis Brosnan discusses Brexit's impact on Ireland and shares advice for new businesses Ryanair announces new base and flights in Poland BAM Ireland to create 500 construction jobs in Dublin Lifestyle Twilight star Kirsten Stewart welcomed with open arms by independent cinema Clash-of-cultures comedy Educating Rita explores darker themes too The dark side of Ireland's relationship with its wildlife Forget the cheap plastic and fly a fashion flag for Ireland on St Patrick's Day More From The Irish Examiner McDonald's apologises after hacker sends tweet abusing Donald Trump Meet Dublin Zoo’s newest addition, a female baby elephant QUIZ: How much do you really know about St. Patrick's Day? These Irish pick-up lines are bound to get you the shift this weekend This Dublin pub is giving away free pints to Canadians tomorrow Would you like free hangover food after Paddy’s Day? Here’s how: Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Project Scorpio to launch Holiday 2017 New trailer for Alien: Covenant Google may launch third smartphone in 2017 Lotto Results Wednesday, March 15, 2017 7 9 15 30 37 45 23 Full Lotto draw results » Follow the Irish Examiner Most Read Top Stories Sparks fly as penis ring cut off with angle grinder Celebrity tributes pour in following the death of Emmerdale actor Tony Haygarth, aged 72 Consultants vent anger after Simon Harris delays meeting Restaurants popping up across Cork city Consultants vent anger after Simon Harris delays meeting Latest: Search operation for Rescue 116 Coast Guard crew finishes, to resume in morning Fire brigade called to cut penis ring off with angle grinder Latest: Man facing rape and murder charges over Danielle McLaughlin's death in Goa Cork edge through as Limerick pay the penalty Tragedy of Rescue 116: ‘Fionn has a village to raise him’ NEWS All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month All-New Renault Mégane Launches in Ireland - Pricing from €155 per month WORLD Profitability hits 8-year low at Zara owner Inditex BUSINESS Dickie Rock still going strong after more than 50 years in the music business Too many mortgage arrears deals fail, say experts SPORT Douvan defeat hard to take but Yorkhill can provide some respite Douvan defeat hard to take but Yorkhill can provide some respite LIFESTYLE The best Mother’s Day gifts to treat your mum to How to go from never working out to losing two stone in two months     Group » Irish Examiner Evening Echo BreakingNews.ie RecruitIreland.com Roscommon Herald Western People Carlow Nationalist Kildare Nationalist Laois Nationalist Gorey Echo New Ross Echo Enniscorthy Echo Wexford Echo Waterford News WLR FM Beat 102-103 News Breaking News Today´s Paper World Farming Technology Weather Death Notices Archives Text Only Titanic 100 Election 2016 Referendums 2015 Budget 2016 Sport Soccer Podcast Columnists GAA Rugby Golf Racing Other Sport Results Business Breaking Business News Business Analysis Getting Ahead The Small Business Show Small Business Viewpoints Our view (editorial) Your view (letters) Send letter to editor's page Columnists Books Property News House of the Week Cover Story Commercial Starter Homes Trading Up Features Property Search Lifestyle Showbiz Fashion & Beauty Food & Drink Health & Life Home & Gardens Travel Arts, Books, Film & TV Features Help FAQ Contact Us Media Pack Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Mobile Subscriptions Terms and Conditions NNI ePaper Postal Delivery Competitions RSS Text only © Irish Examiner Ltd, Linn Dubh, Assumption Road, Blackpool, Cork. Registered in Ireland: 523712.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Opinions Who will protect Americans from their protectors? The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it President Trump signs an executive order withdrawing the U.S. from the Trans-Pacific Partnership. (Ron Sachs/Bloomberg) By George F. Will By George F. Will Opinion writer February 10 Follow @georgewill At their post-Civil War apogee, 19th-century Republicans were the party of activist government, using protectionism to pick commercial winners and promising wondrous benefits from government’s deft interventions in economic life. Today, a Republican administration promises that wisely wielded Washington power can rearrange commercial activities in ways superior to those produced by private-sector calculations in free market transactions. According to the Financial Times, which interviewed him, Peter Navarro, head of the president’s National Trade Council, indicated an administration priority is “unwinding and repatriating the international supply chains on which many U.S. multinational companies rely.” This will make life interesting for, among many others, America’s third and 24th largest corporations, Apple and Boeing, respectively. The tiny print on the back of iPhones accurately says it is “assembled,” not manufactured, in China. The American Enterprise Institute’s James Pethokoukis notes that parts come from South Korea, Japan, Italy, Taiwan, Germany and the United States. Components of Boeing airliners’ wings come from Japan, South Korea and Australia; horizontal stabilizers and center fuselages from Italy; cargo access doors from Sweden; passenger entry doors from France; landing-gear doors from Canada; engines and landing gear from Britain. Navarro’s “unwinding and repatriating” is, to say no more, part of an improbable project: making America greater by making Apple, Boeing and many other corporations much less efficient and less competitive. This will further slow economic growth, making even more unattainable the 4 percent (more than double the economy’s average growth this century) or higher growth that the administration says will enable it to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure (including a $15 billion or so wall on the Mexican border, begun after nearly a decade of net negative immigration from Mexico), while substantially increasing military spending, leaving entitlements unreformed and delivering enormous tax cuts. Cuts that, according to the Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget (whose co-chairs include Republican Mitch Daniels and Democrat Leon Panetta, both former directors of the Office of Management and Budget ), will reduce revenues by $5.8 trillion over 10 years. This, as the Congressional Budget Office projects that even without any of the administration’s proposed spending spree and tax cuts, under current law the national debt would increase by $9.4 trillion. Speaking of supply chains: In her book “The Travels of a T-Shirt in the Global Economy,” Georgetown University’s Pietra Rivoli recounts a conversation with a man from Shanghai who said that if she would come to China he would help her see various places involved in producing the inexpensive T-shirts exported to the United States. She would see where the yarn is spun, the fabric is knit and the shirts are sewn. Asked if she could see where the cotton is grown, the man from China said he could not show her that because the cotton probably is grown in “Teksa.” Rivoli spun a globe around to China and asked him to point to Teksa. “He took the globe and spun it back around the other way,” Rivoli writes. “ ‘Here, I think it is grown here.’ I followed his finger. Patrick was pointing at Texas.” Today’s Republican administration promises protection against the destruction of American jobs by the Chinese, Mexicans and other foreigners. The really prolific destroyers are: Americans. As Reason’s John Tamny says, Americans streaming movies from Netflix (based in Los Gatos, Calif.) erase American jobs in movie theaters and DVD rental stores. Americans buying books from Seattle-based Amazon have caused many American bookstores to do what Borders (399 stores, 11,000 employees) did: disappear. (Jeffrey P. Bezos, founder and chief executive of Amazon, owns The Post.) Americans using San Francisco-based Uber are destroying many taxi drivers’ jobs. Evidently our protectors in the administration must believe this: The destruction of American jobs because Americans buy goods or services of some American companies rather than those of other American companies is benign. But the destruction of American jobs because Americans buy goods or services of foreign companies is intolerable. An administration confident about conducting interventions in the economy should demonstrate care when bandying numbers. But in defending the sensible idea of reducing government regulation of the financial sector, Gary Cohn, director of the president’s National Economic Council, said this would save “literally hundreds of billions of dollars of regulatory costs every year.” Former treasury secretary Lawrence Summers notes the implausibility: “Total bank profits last year were about $170 billion.” Deregulation will more than double profits? As today’s Republicans celebrate a protectionist administration that is confident that Washington’s superior wisdom can improve upon the market’s allocation of economic resources, Democrats must resent Republican plagiarism. Who will protect Americans from their protectors? Read more from George F. Will’s archive or follow him on Facebook. Read more on this topic: Robert B. Zoellick: If Trump really knows the art of the deal, he’ll embrace free trade The Post’s View: Trump is starting a trade war we don’t need Robert J. Samuelson: Trump’s senseless war on Mexico The Post’s View: Closing doors on trade isn’t smart negotiating Ed Hess: Coming technology will likely destroy millions of jobs. Is Trump ready? opinions Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email George F. Will writes a twice-weekly column on politics and domestic and foreign affairs. He began his column with The Post in 1974, and he received the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary in 1977. Follow @georgewill Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 Opinion Why is the Trump presidency such a rolling disaster? 2 Opinion Trumpism is losing, again and again 3 Opinion How Democrats can capitalize on Trump’s betrayal of his base 4 Perspective The center cannot hold in the Trump White House 5 Perspective This is what it’s like answering all those phone calls to Congress Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Jack Guez/AFP via Getty Images Showdown of America First Versus Make-in-India Looms at Air Show by Anurag Kotoky @anuragkotoky More stories by Anurag Kotoky , Iain Marlow @iainmarlow More stories by Iain Marlow , and Nc Bipindra More stories by Nc Bipindra February 12, 2017, 4:00 PM EST February 13, 2017, 7:00 AM EST Meeting in Bengaluru this week to test U.S. contractors India to spend billions in coming years to modernize defense Boeing Co. and Lockheed Martin Corp. promised to build plants in India if the world’s biggest arms importer chose their fighter jets and weapons. That was before President Donald Trump’s America First call. This week will be a test for that promise as the biggest U.S. defense contractors, Russia’s MiG Corp., and Europe’s Airbus SE line up to display their wares at an air show in Bengaluru in southern India. Even as they compete for deals, they could find themselves torn between Trump’s push for companies to keep jobs in the U.S. -- he has singled out a number of multinational firms on Twitter for public criticism -- and Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s own program that seeks to tie military contracts to some of the manufacturing being done in India. "All of us in Washington are guessing where Trump is going to land on these issues," said Alyssa Ayres, a senior fellow for India, Pakistan and South Asia at the Council on Foreign Relations in Washington. "He has certainly been very clear in his tweets and direct outreach to American companies that he wants to try to ensure that people don’t move production facilities and try to retain jobs in the U.S." India’s Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar will use the airshow to outline Modi’s plans to boost the domestic defense industry by giving contracts to local companies, as well as asking foreign manufacturers to tie up with Indian firms, according to people familiar with the plan who are not authorized to speak publicly about it. Modi’s promise to shell out $250 billion in the coming years on fighter jets, submarines, howitzers and helmets to modernize his armed forces came with one call -- Make in India. Sensing an opportunity, local conglomerates Tata Group, Mahindra & Mahindra Ltd. and Larsen & Toubro Ltd. have expanded more into the defense sector and formed joint ventures with international manufacturers. India, which has traditionally relied on Russia and the former Soviet Union for fighter jets, is increasingly warming to the U.S. In his first phone conversation with Parrikar, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis committed to build upon the “tremendous progress in bilateral defense cooperation made in recent years,” a Pentagon spokesman said last week. Modi’s domestic manufacturing program is a centerpiece of his economic policy that seeks to boost manufacturing to 25 percent of gross domestic product by 2022 from 18 percent now, and aims to avoid dependence on foreign equipment, particularly in times of war. French Deal Lockheed Martin offered to make its F-16 fighter jet in India, after India scrapped an initial tender with Paris-based Dassault Aviation SA for 126 planes. India later decided to directly buy just 36 fighter jets from the French government. That still leaves the country short of planes, meaning potential deals worth billions of dollars are on offer. Trump’s administration will want to take a fresh look at some of Lockheed’s proposals, including plans to build the F-16 in India, the company said. All previous orders from India have created jobs for Boeing in the U.S., Boeing India President Pratyush Kumar said in an interview. The Chicago-based manufacturer sees no conflict between Trump’s ‘America First’ and Modi’s ‘Make in India’ calls, Kumar said separately on Monday in Bengaluru, adding the company is looking to sell locally made F/A-18 jets in the country. Making fighter jets in India is viable with an order of 100 aircraft, he said. Boeing is looking forward to Indian Navy’s interest in buying 57 combat planes that can operate from aircraft carriers, he added. About a third of the nation’s 650 planes are more than 40 years old and set to retire in the next decade. Boeing as well as Sweden’s Saab AB are offering to shift some production to India as they seek to win contracts. Boeing and Lockheed have also been on the receiving end of Trump’s criticism in recent times. To read about the Trump administration ordering F-35s, click here. Keep up with the best of Bloomberg Politics. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up "The politics of it looks bad, in terms of the appearance back in the U.S. -- especially when he’s talking about an America First campaign," said Anit Mukherjee, a former Indian Army major and an assistant professor at Singapore’s S. Rajaratnam School of International Studies. "If companies like Lockheed and Boeing go ahead with the Make in India thing -- which in itself is a big question mark -- then perhaps he might intervene on that." U.S.-India defense ties have grown in recent years, in part as India’s neighbor China has increased its military clout in the region. India has also sought to diversify its sources of arms imports from a Cold War-era reliance on Russian weapons. Saab CEO Hakan Buskhe said Monday that he sees a possible order for more than 100 Gripen fighters from India. The potential for U.S. companies to win business by manufacturing "not so state-of-the-art" equipment in India could be a trade off for Trump, said Amit Cowshish, a former financial adviser to India’s defense ministry and a fellow with the New Delhi-based Indian Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses. Trump’s protectionist rhetoric so far seems to be aimed at products consumed in the U.S. and not at jobs created overseas to support a foreign market, said New Delhi-based Ankur Gupta, vice president for aerospace and defense at Ernst & Young. Still, "he’s completely unpredictable on this," said Mukherjee from RSIS, referring to possible Trump intervention over foreign manufacturing by U.S. firms. "It has a potential to create problems. I’m sure it will be discussed between Indian and U.S. officials." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Trump’s Second Bid at Travel Ban Knocked Down by Two U.S. Judges Yellen Calms Fears Fed’s Policy Trigger Finger Is Getting Itchy Trump Plans Historic Cuts Across Government to Fund Defense Dutch Liberals Defeat Wilders’s Party in Blow to Populist Surge Trump Says He Based Charge of Obama Wiretapping on Media Reports Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Friday, March 17, 2017  |  Jumada Al Thani 18, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism A US Navy F-18 performs a low-level flyby. Boeing hopes to sell more military jets through its new unit in India. Mazen Mahdi / EPA Boeing’s new India division aims to grow military aircraft production February 12, 2017 Updated: February 12, 2017 11:54 AM Related Middle East demand drives global arms trade to highest since Cold War Lockheed Sikorsky Skytruck passenger plane targets India’s start-up airlines Boeing’s new stretched 737 jetliner set for maiden flight Indian navy snubs ‘too heavy’ homegrown Tejas fighter jet Bombardier aims to double passenger jet fleet in India Related Middle East demand drives global arms trade to highest since Cold War Lockheed Sikorsky Skytruck passenger plane targets India’s start-up airlines Boeing’s new stretched 737 jetliner set for maiden flight Indian navy snubs ‘too heavy’ homegrown Tejas fighter jet Boeing’s new Indian unit will help the company win more business from local customers and mean more employment in the South Asian country, the head of the US defence firm’s Indian business said. The new legal entity, announced this week, is the fourth separate country-specific business Boeing has established after setting up similar structures in Britain, Australia and Saudi Arabia. Boeing will hire more staff, most of them locals, but also bring in specialists from overseas as it looks to win new deals and grow the US$500 million a year worth of products it currently sources from India, said the Boeing India president Pratyush Kumar. He declined to say how many new jobs would be created. "This is to really create the full ecosystem throughout the lifecycle for our customers in India," he said ahead of an Indian airshow in Bengaluru this week. Mr Kumar said the new entity, which Boeing hopes will also grow its manufacturing presence in the country, was designed for its Indian clients rather than those overseas. "In order to support US exports, we need to better support our Indian customers," he said. Boeing, as well as rivals such as Europe’s Airbus and Lockheed Martin of the United States, are looking to India, one of the world’s largest arms importers, as a future source of growth as western countries trim defence budgets. India is expected to spend $250 billion over the next decade to modernise its armed forces, but the prime minister Narendra Modi has also said new deals must involve a share of local production to help the country grow its nascent defence industry. Industry sources say US manufacturers are still uncertain how to square the "Made in India" policy with the US president Donald Trump’s "America First" rhetoric against locating jobs abroad. Mr Trump has criticised US companies that have moved manufacturing overseas and which then sell their products back to the US. Boeing’s Indian unit is expected to be scaled in such a way that it reflects the amount of business Boeing wins there. Lockheed Martin said last week it wanted to push ahead with plans to move production of its F-16 combat jets to India, but understood Mr Trump’s administration might want to take a "fresh look" at the proposal. Boeing has won several deals with India in recent years, including an approximately $2.5bn contract to supply its Chinook and Apache helicopters, as well as an order for its P-8I maritime spy planes. It also has a joint venture with Tata Advanced Systems in aerospace. Mr Kumar said Boeing was studying a recent request for information issued last month by the Indian Navy for 57 multi-role fighter jets for its aircraft carriers, and analysts expect it to pitch its F/A-18 Super Hornet planes. Industry sources say any deal would most likely depend on Boeing agreeing to build at least part of the jets in India. * Reuters Follow The National’s Business section on Twitter Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation Mixed reaction across the UAE economy to US Federal Reserve rate hike Turbulence ahead for region’s airlines Alitalia’s board approves profitability strategy including €1bn in cost cuts by 2019 Latam Airlines flies into profit for the first time MOST VIEWED Business | All ‘This is 100 per cent not going to help the Dubai property recovery’ Etihad’s new A380 Paris summer service is a clever move Ryanair beats Berlin airport strike by flying in its own staff UAE Central Bank raises rates in line with US Federal Reserve Shell adds hundreds of jobs in new unit focusing on alternative energy MBC’s Oud Akhdar adds dramatic appeal to Dh12.6 million Saadiyat Island villa – in pictures Dubai launches e-Trader licences in fight against fake goods sold via social networks Salini Impregilo lands $435m contract to build Dubai’s Meydan One Mall Who should worry most about VAT in the UAE? Mixed reaction across the UAE economy to US Federal Reserve rate hike More Most Viewed World’s most expensive burger sells at Dubai auction for charity Dubai Ruler orders men who fed a cat to their dogs to clean zoo for three months Will Hassan Rouhani be Iran’s first single term president? Sheikh Khalifa renames Abu Dhabi regions The dishonest nature of court’s hijab decision New UAE taxes not likely to change consumer behaviour, experts say Victims of Dubai relocation company to get their belongings back, police say UAE soldier killed in Yemen Tobacco and fizzy drinks to be taxed in the UAE Saudi king’s China trip nets agreements ‘worth billions’ More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Fuel for Thought blog: Saudi Arabia’s communication problem Your Money blog: Five quick questions with The Debt Panel’s new expert Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Haftar’s forces chase Libya militia after recapturing oil ports with surprise attack Work set to start on Dubai’s Meydan One mall Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Eikon FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing ONESOURCE Global Trade Management Legal Managed Services MatterSphere Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Solutions for Emerging Business Zawya Projects Accelerate SME Islamic Economy Zawya Business Development Solutions for Financial Institutions Eikon Thomson Reuters Elektron Thomson Reuters FX Trading World-Check One Enhanced Due Diligence Compliance Learning Org ID ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters Practical Law Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Governments Eikon Elektron Eikon Auctions Revenue Management World-Check One Regulatory Intelligence Audit Manager Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE Indirect Tax Thomson Reuters Aumentum Westlaw Middle East Thomson Reuters MatterSphere Thomson Reuters ProView C-Track Practical Law Thomson Reuters Zawya Projects Islamic Economy Thomson Reuters Accelerate SME Solutions for Professionals Eikon World-Check One Compliance Learning Enhanced Due Diligence ONESOURCE WorkFlow Manager ONESOURCE Indirect Tax ONESOURCE Transfer Pricing Legal Managed Services Westlaw Middle East LOGIN REGISTER You are on: MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط السعودية الإمارات Search   Dubai 17 Mar 2017 Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Saudi STC, Mobily seek adviser for tower merger plan Qatar's sovereign wealth fund takes stake in German recipe firm Massive new facility in Dubai for Swiss firm Qatar's Milaha eyes investment in new markets Saudi's Cayan plans $320mln project at Obhur waterfront Deyaar’s ex-CEO loses appeals, jailed for 25 years in Dubai UAE's Danube Properties purchasing more land in Dubai Dubai's Sheikh Hamdan issues resolution on fee refund for property owners Egypt eyes mega construction businesses in five-year plan Bahrain's infrastructure pipeline drives momentum in construction UAE's Danube Properties purchasing more land in Dubai Riyadh begins clearout of illegal businesses from residential neighbourhoods Saudi Aramco to resume oil product shipments to Egypt soon Gulf markets may see more IPOs as low oil prices stifle gov't budgets Small solar power projects replacing costly generators in Lebanon U.S. oil jumps after data shows surprise stock draw Banks in stand-off with Etisalat Nigeria over problem loan Qatar's sovereign wealth fund takes stake in German recipe firm Oman Investment Fund about to close $600mln loan for Omantel buy Four Gulf central banks hike rates after Fed, others may follow GCC Islamic banks more profitable than conventional peers Bahrain's GFH banks says it may merge with Dubai's Shuaa Capital, others Bahrain's Arcapita buys Dubai warehousing facilities for $150mln Arab co-operative insurance sector grows to $33bln, AMF chief Saudi STC, Mobily seek adviser for tower merger plan Texting your smart home appliances Oman Investment Fund about to close $600mln loan for Omantel buy Dubai launches licences for doing business on social media Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Saudi plans to professionalize non-profit sector jobs Explosion at IMF Paris office caused by homemade device UAE president to issue VAT law "within 2-4 months" - source Relief in EU capitals as Dutch PM sees off far-right's Wilders Saudi plans to professionalize non-profit sector jobs Banks in stand-off with Etisalat Nigeria over problem loan Emirates, Etihad boarding as usual after 2nd Trump travel ban blocked Saudi banks some of the most profitable in GCC Six years into Syria's war, rebel areas face medical crisis Syria peace talks in Astana close with no sign of rebels Traffic accidents cost Jordan $2bln EBRD invests $1bln in Jordan Banks in stand-off with Etisalat Nigeria over problem loan Moroccan miner Managem reports 41% rise in profit Egypt eyes mega construction businesses in five-year plan Morocco's king replaces PM Benkirane amid post-election deadlock Qatar's sovereign wealth fund takes stake in German recipe firm Rice prices fall in India; stable in Vietnam, Thailand Explosion at IMF Paris office caused by homemade device Emirates, Etihad boarding as usual after 2nd Trump travel ban blocked Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Egypt leads Middle East higher while GCC equities underperform Oil extends gains as dollar and U.S. inventories fall Banks in stand-off with Etisalat Nigeria over problem loan Qatar central bank raises policy rates, cuts reserve requirement Egypt leads Middle East higher while GCC equities underperform Qatar's sovereign wealth fund takes stake in German recipe firm Gulf rises after Fed hike but lags emerging markets Oman Investment Fund about to close $600mln loan for Omantel buy Qatar central bank raises policy rates, cuts reserve requirement Kuwait inaugural $8bln bond offer oversubscribed Dollar off recent highs ahead of expected Fed rate hike Fed expected to raise rates as U.S. economy flexes muscle Oil extends gains as dollar and U.S. inventories fall Rice prices fall in India; stable in Vietnam, Thailand Gold inches up ahead of U.S. Fed rate rise clues Gold rises on European poll worries; investors await Fed Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law 'Genetically modified designer babies' in UK: Critics disturbed by 3-parent IVF licensing India proposes a 'fat tax' on unhealthy foods Dubai launches licences for doing business on social media Dubai authorities rubbish claims of pesticide in tea bags UAE president to issue VAT law "within 2-4 months" - source Judicial overreach? US judge halts Trump's new travel ban UAE national council approves tax procedure law Pakistan: Prime Minister underscores interfaith unity Somali pirates hijack UAE commercial ship 66% of UAE fires occurred in homes in 2016 India proposes a 'fat tax' on unhealthy foods Deyaar’s ex-CEO loses appeals, jailed for 25 years in Dubai Qatar implements fuel efficiency labels on new vehicles Dubai launches licences for doing business on social media Free zones account for 32% of Dubai’s trade Sea-floor trawling not allowed in Oman 'Genetically modified designer babies' in UK: Critics disturbed by 3-parent IVF licensing New Qatari law assures 'quick, transparent' arbitration process Saudi to establish 200 family counseling centers by 2020 Dubai ruler orders men detained for torturing cat to do community service at zoo Life Life Home Health Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Mayweather asks for a guaranteed $100mln to fight McGregor US plastic surgery, cosmetic spending hits record $15bln Five steps to age-proof your retirement healthcare costs Texting your smart home appliances Illness may help young adults take charge of their own health Five steps to age-proof your retirement healthcare costs India proposes a 'fat tax' on unhealthy foods Saudi to establish 200 family counseling centers by 2020 Saudi: 30% university students drop out without degrees Tuition hike suspended for 2 years in Saudi schools The business of education and the rising school fees in Dubai Dubai education authority asks students to request rainy day offs Dubai International Arabian Horse Championship and Fair opens US plastic surgery, cosmetic spending hits record $15bln World’s most expensive burger sold for $10,000 Dubai’s new mall to boast rectractable skylight and ski slope Brazil Carnival colours Beirut Salalah open to tourists in summer Dubai’s new mall to boast rectractable skylight and ski slope Vending machines to issue Saudia air tickets Angelina Jolie appeals for commitment to "imperfect" UN Trump reacts to Snoop Dogg 'assassination' music video Actress Emma Watson plans legal action over stolen photos Ben Affleck says he has completed treatment for addiction India's Kohli to undergo scans after hurting shoulder Mayweather asks for a guaranteed $100mln to fight McGregor Neymar in the league of Messi and Ronaldo Record sixth Champion Hurdle for trainer Henderson Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية LOGIN MENU Business Business Home Real Estate Construction Energy Financial Services Islamic Finance Technology Economy Economy Home GCC Levant North Africa Global Markets Markets Home Equities Currencies Commodities Legal Legal Home Policy Risk Commercial Personal Law Life Life Home Health Education Leisure Travel & Tourism Entertainment Sports Companies The Vault Top News Latest News Press Releases Multimedia MENA - ENGLISH MENA - ENGLISH UAE - ENGLISH KSA - ENGLISH الشرْقُ الأوسَط الإمارات السعودية THOMSON REUTERS PRODUCTS Solutions for Corporations Solutions for Emerging Business Solutions for Financial Institutions Solutions for Governments Solutions for Professionals REGISTER LOGIN Advertisement Home Article aviation Dubai Aerospace Enterprise delivers first of 8 Boeing 737-800NG to EgyptAir 12 February, 2017 12 February 2017 Dubai, U.A.E. – Dubai Aerospace Enterprise (DAE) Ltd. today announced it has delivered the first of eight Boeing 737-800NG to EGYPTAIR.  This is the inaugural delivery of the Sale & Leaseback with PDP funding agreement between EGYPTAIR and DAE, which was announced in October of last year. The delivery of this aircraft (MSN 63799) took place at the Boeing delivery center in Seattle this morning. The remaining seven aircraft are scheduled to be delivered later this year. About DAE  Dubai Aerospace Enterprise (DAE) Ltd is a globally recognized and award-winning aerospace company headquartered in Dubai. More information can be found on the company’s web site at www.dubaiaerospace.com. Press contact: press.office@dubaiaerospace.com   Advertisement © Press Release 2017 © Copyright Zawya. All Rights Reserved. More from: united states uae egypt financial services Advertisement Trending on Zawya In the last 24 hours Advertisement People In The News Dubai's DIFC Arbitration Institute appoints new registrar for DIFC-LCIA 16 hours ago UAE appoints Maryam Al Hashemi as the 2017 Chair of the Committee of Participation and Chairmanship of the diamond Kimberly Process 16 hours ago The St. Regis Abu Dhabi announces new Director of Marketing 19 hours ago UAE's Gulf Petrochem appoints ex-Bharat Petroleum director as strategic adviser 2 days ago UAE's Schon Properties strengthens customer experience with the appointment of new customer relationship director 2 days ago The St. Regis hotel Abu Dhabi announces new Director of Marketing Sona Shah to take position of Director of Marketing. 14 Mar 2017 Advertisement About zawya Contact us Copyright © 2017 Zawya. All Rights Reserved. Terms & Conditions. Quote data provided by © Thomson Reuters.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States 10 Overlooked Risks in Boeing’s 2016 Annual Report By Paul Ausick February 10, 2017 10:30 am EDT Print Email Tweet Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) filed its 2016 Form 10-K annual report with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on Thursday. Like nearly all required filings for every company, the Boeing 10-K contains a range of detailed information that is often not included in quarterly press announcements or even quarterly SEC filings. We’ve read through the Boeing 10-K with an eye to finding some of those details that investors might not find in other documents. We paid special attention to the section of the 10-K related to risk factors. Here are some things we found that may not be on investors’ radar. Italic text indicates a direct quote from the filing. We enter into firm fixed-price aircraft sales contracts with indexed price escalation clauses which could subject us to losses if we have cost overruns or if increases in our costs exceed the applicable escalation rate. Boeing’s defense systems segment generated approximately 71% of 2016 revenues from fixed-price contracts. Cost-overruns (what Boeing calls reach-forward losses) totaled $1.13 billion last year on the KC-46A tanker fixed-price contract. In 2016, 23% of our revenues were earned pursuant to U.S. government contracts, which include foreign military sales through the U.S. government. Business conducted pursuant to such contracts is subject to extensive procurement regulations and other unique risks. In 2016, non-U.S. customers accounted for approximately 59% of our revenues. We expect that non-U.S. sales will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, our airplane financing commitments totaled $14,847 million and $16,283 million. Boeing finances these commitments, in part, with debt. Rising interest rates will affect the company’s interest payments. Boeing paid $306 million in interest expense last year, an increase of more than 10% from 2015. Approximately 57,000 employees, which constitute 38% of our total workforce, were union represented as of December 31, 2016. Boeing currently has relationships with 11 U.S. unions and seven non-U.S. labor organizations. Union labor at the company’s suppliers may also affect the company’s ability to meet its commitments. The decrease in contractual backlog during 2016 and 2015 was primarily due to deliveries in excess of net orders. This is the company’s book-to-bill ratio expressed in dollars. Since the banner year of 2014, backlogs have been shrinking as new orders slow. Commercial contractual backlog at the end of 2016 is $416.2 billion, down from $440.12 billion in 2014 and $431.41 billion in 2015. Including the defense segment’s backlog, total contractual backlog for 2016 is $458.28 billion, down from $487.1 billion in 2014 and $476.6 billion in 2015. Many of our non-U.S. customers finance purchases through the Export-Import Bank of the United States. Following the expiration of the bank’s charter on June 30, 2015, the bank’s charter was reauthorized in December 2015. The bank is now authorized through September 30, 2019. However, until the U.S. Senate confirms members sufficient to reconstitute a quorum of the bank’s board of directors, the bank will not be able to approve any transaction totaling more than $10 million. Boeing may find itself in the position of having to fund additional commitments or entering into new financial arrangements with customers if the Ex-Im Bank doesn’t attain a quorum. This diverts liquidity from other places the company might prefer to use it. Pages: 1/2 « JPMorgan Stays Bullish on 5 Red-Hot Semiconductor Stocks Short Sellers Can’t Make Up Their Minds on Major Semiconductors » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Airbus, airlines, Corporate Performance, International Markets, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Best (and Worst) Schools States With the Worst Roads Cities Where Crime Is Soaring The 25 Healthiest Cities in America The Most Dangerous Cars in America Recent How Adobe Earnings Are Pushing New All-Time Highs Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Guess, Anthera Pharmaceuticals Dive into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club DuPont, Chevron Take DJIA Down Thursday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Forget Amazon.com, Macy's Says This Is the Bigger Threat to Its Business GoPro Finally Coming to Grips With the Need to Be a More Focused Company Why This Market Researcher Lowered Its Revenue Expectations for Snap Adobe reports adjusted earnings of 94 cents a share on revenue of $1.68 billion Nasdaq Composite closes flat at around 5,900 S&P 500 finishes off 0.2%; Dow ends near break-even level Snap shares drop 4 percent, fall below $20 for the first time Asia stocks set to end week higher, dollar slides after Fed Caterpillar seeks ex-U.S. attorney general's help over govt probe Trump Puts Business Experience in the Pentagon Nutella Maker Looks to Spread in U.S. Market With Fannie May Deal Team Trump: Yellen and Mnuchin Head to G20 Hawaii Is Totally Down For That Whole #BoycottHawaii Thing Food Stamp Recipients Increasingly Are The Working Poor Trump's Budget Would Have Dire Effects On Local And Regional Arts Programs Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States The Overlooked Gems in Boeing’s 2016 Annual Report By Paul Ausick February 10, 2017 11:05 am EDT Print Email Tweet On Thursday, Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) filed its 2016 Form 10-K with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). The SEC form is pretty plain-looking, compared with what the printed version of annual report will look like: lots of big pictures and stylized pull-quotes. But the stuff that Boeing (and every other company) has to reveal is in the SEC filing, and while reading these often 100 or so page reports can at times be mind-numbing, there can be a big payoff. Warren Buffett has said on more than one occasion that he loves to curl up with companies’ annual reports. The way to get smarter, Buffett once said while holding up a stack of papers, is to “read 500 pages like this every day. That’s how knowledge builds up, like compound interest.” But most people don’t have time to read 500 pages a day of financial reporting documents (or they don’t think they do), so we went through the Boeing 10-K filing looking for some hidden gems of data. We found 10 and have presented them here. Here are a couple, with Boeing’s original text in italic type, along with our comments. In 2016, 23% of our revenues were earned pursuant to U.S. government contracts, which include foreign military sales through the U.S. government. Business conducted pursuant to such contracts is subject to extensive procurement regulations and other unique risks. In 2016, non-U.S. customers accounted for approximately 59% of our revenues. We expect that non-U.S. sales will continue to account for a significant portion of our revenues for the foreseeable future. As of December 31, 2016 and 2015, our airplane financing commitments totaled $14,847 million and $16,283 million. Boeing finances these commitments, in part, with debt. Rising interest rates will affect the company’s interest payments. Boeing paid $306 million in interest expense last year, an increase of more than 10% from 2015. The decrease in contractual backlog during 2016 and 2015 was primarily due to deliveries in excess of net orders. This is the company’s book-to-bill ratio expressed in dollars. Since the banner year of 2014, backlogs have been shrinking as new orders slow. Commercial contractual backlog at the end of 2016 is $416.2 billion, down from $440.12 billion in 2014 and $431.41 billion in 2015. Including the defense segment’s backlog, total contractual backlog for 2016 is $458.28 billion, down from $487.1 billion in 2014 and $476.6 billion in 2015. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Cybersecurity Short Interest Remains Mixed Despite New Market Highs Short Sellers Raise the Stakes in Social Media Stocks » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Annual Report, Corporate Performance, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Best (and Worst) Schools States With the Worst Roads Cities Where Crime Is Soaring The 25 Healthiest Cities in America The Most Dangerous Cars in America Recent How Adobe Earnings Are Pushing New All-Time Highs Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Guess, Anthera Pharmaceuticals Dive into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club DuPont, Chevron Take DJIA Down Thursday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Forget Amazon.com, Macy's Says This Is the Bigger Threat to Its Business GoPro Finally Coming to Grips With the Need to Be a More Focused Company Why This Market Researcher Lowered Its Revenue Expectations for Snap Adobe reports adjusted earnings of 94 cents a share on revenue of $1.68 billion Nasdaq Composite closes flat at around 5,900 S&P 500 finishes off 0.2%; Dow ends near break-even level Snap shares drop 4 percent, fall below $20 for the first time Asia stocks set to end week higher, dollar slides after Fed Caterpillar seeks ex-U.S. attorney general's help over govt probe Trump Puts Business Experience in the Pentagon Nutella Maker Looks to Spread in U.S. Market With Fannie May Deal Team Trump: Yellen and Mnuchin Head to G20 Hawaii Is Totally Down For That Whole #BoycottHawaii Thing Food Stamp Recipients Increasingly Are The Working Poor Trump's Budget Would Have Dire Effects On Local And Regional Arts Programs Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 11 February 2017 by Military News The 2 Best, and 2 Worst, Dow Dividend Stocks Today Shutterstock photo The classic “Dogs of the Dow” strategy advises buying the 10 highest-yielding Dow Jones Industrial Average stocks, then holding onto them for a year. The idea is that higher yields are a signal of a beaten-up share price – and that because we’re buying a stable blue-chip with a stable customer base, investors will eventually bid the stock back up when the business cycle turns up again. But we can further improve on this effective yet somewhat “dumb” strategy with a bit of second-level analysis. After all, some of these companies have business models that are actually aging in dog years! And they should be avoided. Today we’re going to discuss four high paying Dow components. Two are compelling buys, while two should be sold immediately (or even shorted). WINNER: Exxon Mobil ( XOM ) Dividend Yield: 3.6% Exxon Mobil ( XOM ) is emerging from what easily has been one of the most trying points in the company’s history, the roots of which stretch all the way back to 1870. From about mid-2014 through the start of 2016, oil prices plunged from near $110 down to below $30 – a collapse that caused energy stocks across the sector to careen into the ground, and forced numerous companies to shut their doors. Even Exxon Mobil – America’s biggest energy company by market capitalization, and one of the world’s largest and most diversified oil and gas operations – wasn’t immune. Shares dipped from around $105 to around $72 or so – a 30%-plus dip in just more than a year’s time, which is virtually unheard of in blue chips as well-established as XOM. Pundits thought that Exxon’s streak of dividend increases, which spanned more than three decades, was in jeopardy. However, former CEO Rex Tillerson himself managed the company in such a way that he knew its operations could survive with oil prices as low as $40 per barrel. April 2016 came around, and XOM maintained its status as a Dividend Aristocrat with a small but symbolic payout hike. Meanwhile, XOM shares have clawed back at least some of their losses. Speaking of Tillerson … The former Exxon CEO is a “former” chief because he’s now America’s Secretary of State. That’s no doubt a boon to XOM, especially considering the Trump administration’s seemingly favorable and cooperative view with Russia – where Exxon has huge energy interests and projects, and where Tillerson himself has deep ties. Moreover, President Donald Trump and a GOP-controlled Congress are proving extremely friendly to the energy sector as a whole right now, most recently with a Senate vote to knock down a rule governing transparency on energy firms’ payments to foreign governments. Exxon was already set up well to benefit from an eventual return to high oil prices, and now it’s seemingly in the driver’s seat. While investors wait for those gains to take hold, they can enjoy 3.6% in dividends from this relentless oil titan. Exxon ( XOM ): This Long-Time Winner Is in Recovery Mode LOSER: Walmart ( WMT ) Dividend Yield: 3% Walmart ( WMT ) is one of the perfect examples of how a big, solid blue-chip can still be a big, solid dud. Walmart is the largest retailer in the world, and in fact Earth’s biggest company by revenue, boasting more than 11,000 stores across 28 countries. Before Amazon.com ( AMZN ) came around, Walmart was considered one of the biggest disruptors to traditional brick-and-mortar retail. Its bargain-basement prices and enormous product offerings upended countless mom n’ pop shops, but also put the hurt to larger specialty retailers such as Best Buy ( BBY ) and H.H.Gregg ( HGG ) . But Amazon did come along, and that – along with Walmart’s ubiquity and lack of options for expansion – are at the very least keeping Walmart from being the investment powerhouse it once was. While WMT does produce world-class revenues, top-line growth has been thinning for years, and in 2016, Walmart’s sales actually dropped year-over-year: Walmart has been spending for years trying to bring its online offerings up to par to battle Amazon’s unstoppable e-commerce machine – yet it just keeps falling farther behind. Dividend growth is lagging too – last year management upped its payout by a meager 2%. WMT has lagged the total returns of the S&P 500 for the last 15 years – it’s time to cut this dead weight loose. WINNER: Boeing (BA) Dividend Yield: 3.5% Boeing (BA) just boosted its dividend by 30% to $1.42 per share – more than double its quarterly payout from 2013! And Boeing’s generosity to shareholders didn’t stop there. The company also upgraded its old stock repurchase program by implementing a new $14 billion buyback plan. Future business prospects are looking good. Boeing said it expects 2017 commercial aircraft deliveries to reach between 760 and 765, up from last year’s 748. Core earnings are expected to surge from $7.24 per share to a range of $9.10 to $9.30 per share. And Boeing sees cash flow ticking up from $10.5 billion last year to $10.75 billion in 2017 – plenty of cash to dish back to shareholders. Boeing’s (BA) Dividend Takes Off LOSER: IBM (IBM) Dividend Yield: 3.2% Nineteen straight quarters of year-over-year revenue declines – nuff said. IBM’s (IBM) core businesses, such as services and software licenses, have declined on a year-over-year basis for 19 straight quarters. And it’s a bad sign that the company still won’t break out its Watson revenues, despite the fact IBM says its promising artificial intelligence unit is growing briskly. IBM’s 2016 dividend hike dipped into single digits after years of double-digit improvements. Cash and short-term investments have dipped from about $11 billion in 2013 to $8.5 billion as of its last report … and long-term debt has climbed from $32.9 billion to $34.7 billion in that same time. And that streak of consecutive revenue declines? If Wall Street is right, it’ll be extended at least by a couple more quarters, and both 2017 and 2018 revenues are seen eroding, not recovering. IBM might survive for an eternity, but it won’t grow your money for you. IBM (IBM) Revenues Just Keep Sinking Forget stocks that can merely survive forever – you need stocks that can grow forever! My latest FREE special report, “How to Live off $500,000 Forever,” is a set of nine picks that offer portfolio diversification, 8% yields and the potential for big-time capital gains! Click here to get access these nine steady dividend winners – including ticker names, yields, buy-under prices and in-depth analysis – for ZERO cost to you! The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized Tagsaircraft, base, battle, Business, Companies, company, intelligence, Markets, mortar, Uncategorized, unit, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious This 50% Dividend Grower Is Hiding in Plain Sight Next PostNext Noteworthy Friday Option Activity: WEB, ICPT, FCX Search Recent Posts Protect Your Passions With an Instant Insurance Policy NICE Recommends Boston Scientific CRT-D Devices Powered By EnduraLife™ Battery Technology For Treatment Of Heart Failure First ever Werks Reunion Amelia Island Porsche show an unqualified success Proposed Federal Budget Cuts Programs that Help Our County’s Children Thrive Proposed Federal Budget Cuts Programs that Help Our County’s Children Thrive Proudly powered by WordPress
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Calendar Home News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics Crime News History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 33° Munster, IN (46321) Today Light wintry mix late. Tonight Cloudy early with a light wintry mix overnight. Low 29F. Winds SSE at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of precip 70%. Updated: March 16, 2017 @ 7:35 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Close 1 of 2 Buy Now John J. Watkins Sharod Holmes, the Boys & Girls Clubs of Northwest Indiana Youth of the Year Award winner, chats with board member John Matthiesen following Monday's program at the Indiana Welcome Center in Hammond. Buy Now John J. Watkins Sharod Holmes, Boys & Girls Clubs of Northwest Indiana Youth of the Year Award winner, makes a brief speech Monday at the Indiana Welcome Center in Hammond while nominees Jaylan Robinson, Darryl Anderson, Jordan Jefferson and Ruben Jones look on. editor's pick urgent Boys & Girls Club celebrates Youth of the Year Times Staff Feb 11, 2017 Buy Now John J. Watkins Sharod Holmes, the Boys & Girls Clubs of Northwest Indiana Youth of the Year Award winner, chats with board member John Matthiesen following Monday's program at the Indiana Welcome Center in Hammond. Buy Now John J. Watkins Sharod Holmes, Boys & Girls Clubs of Northwest Indiana Youth of the Year Award winner, makes a brief speech Monday at the Indiana Welcome Center in Hammond while nominees Jaylan Robinson, Darryl Anderson, Jordan Jefferson and Ruben Jones look on. HOBART —  The Boys & Girls Club of Northwest Indiana hosts its Youth of the Year Celebration from 6 to 8 p.m. Feb. 23 at Avalon Manor in Hobart. There is networking, food and games from 6 to 7 p.m., youth speeches from 7 to 7:30 p.m. followed by the Youth of the Year announcement. The Youth of the Year program is a national Boys & Girls Clubs program that recognizing teens for outstanding contributions to their family, school, community and club, as well as personal challenges and obstacles overcome. Participants are chosen on local, state and regional levels - with five regional winners meeting each September in Washington, D.C. to compete for the National Youth of the Year title. At the national level, five judges individually interview each candidate and select the winner on the basis of scholastic achievement; community service; leadership ability; and consideration of any physical, social or emotional obstacles overcome. Since 1976, Boys & Girls Clubs of Northwest Indiana has recognized 41 agency Youth of the Year winners. Annually, five Boys & Girls Clubs of Northwest Indiana sites recognize one youth to advance to the agency-wide judging. Selected candidates are judged based on the national judging format by a panel of community members prior to the Youth of the Year ceremony honoring candidates and naming Boys & Girls Clubs of Northwest Indiana’s Youth of the Year. The club member named Youth of the Year for the organization will receive a $5,000 scholarship and each runner-up will receive a $2,500 scholarship thanks to John and Marge Owens, Past Chairpersons’ Council, Community Healthcare System, The Boeing Co., and Centier Bank. In addition, each candidate will be selected throughout the year to participate in agency-wide speaking engagements and events. The presenting sponsor for the celebration is Healthcare Systems; the Success Sponsor is The Boeing Co.; the Inspire Sponsor is Centier Bank and the Media Sponsor is The Times Media Co.  The Youth Candidates are: East Chicago Katherine House Club - Jasmine Jasmine is 18 years old and currently attends East Chicago Central High School, graduating this June. She has been a Boys & Girls Club member for two years and participates in many different programs including Junior Staff. Jasmine said the club transformed her personally and academically. Always excelling academically and an honor student, she said, “I have always received good grades, but before I came to the club, I was a person that as long as I reached the finish line, I was satisfied. Now, I reach to past the finish line and aim for the sky.” At the club, Jasmine likes to spend most of her time mentoring younger kids helping them with homework. Her college of choice is Northern Illinois University where she wants to major in Political Science. Cedar Lake Club – Henry Pendleton Henry is 14 years old and currently attends Crown Point High School. An eight-year club member, he participates in many club programs including Passport to Manhood, SMART Kids and the Indoor Soccer League. "The club has helped me with my homework and my grades have increased since I started coming. This is a clear example of how the club challenges me to be the best person I can be. I notice when I attend the club regularly I get better grades.” Henry enjoys mentoring younger youth at thecClub and participating in community service projects. He is interested in pursuing a career in Graphic Design and attending Tribeca Flashpoint College in Chicago. Hammond Club – Cheyenne Banegas Cheyenne is 17 years old and attends Donald E. Gavit Jr./Sr. High School in Hammond, graduating in May 2018. She has been a club member for four years participating in programs such as Junior Environmentalists, Junior Staff, and Graduate for Mas. "As individuals and together, club staff helped me accomplish one thing after another. They’ve challenged me to do better and rise above expectations," she said. At the club, Cheyenne is a team player and likes to help where needed. She is athletic and plays varsity basketball. Her college of choice is Indiana Wesleyan where she plans to study entrepreneurialism. John Will Anderson Gary Club – Racquel Knight Racquel is 18 years old and currently attends 21st Century Charter School in Gary, graduating in June of 2018. She a five-year club member participating in many different programs. Currently, she is a Junior Staff member and president of the Keystone Leadership Club. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. "My personal life and academic skills have improved because of club staff members encouraging me to do better and pushing me to work harder. My club experience has been fun, safe, positive and supportive," she said. At the club, Racquel is a natural helper. She enjoys volunteering in her community and is an advocate of healthy lifestyles and expresses the importance of leading a healthy life with her peers. Her college of choice is Ball State University and she would like to pursue a law degree. Lake Station - Meranda Bailey Meranda is 18 years old and currently attends River Forest High School, graduating June 2017. She has been a club member for 10 years and serving as the Keystone Leadership Club president for the last four. She also participates in the club’s Junior Environmentalist program. "My purpose in life is to help others have a better chance at life than I had. Though I have had amazing support from the Boys & Girls Club, I want to make sure I can help as many kids as I can.” At the club, Meranda is a nurturer and is a mentor to her peers and younger members. Her college of choice is Indiana University Northwest and would like to pursue a teaching career. Merrillville – Justin Young Justin is 18 years old and currently attends Merrillville High School, graduating June 2017. He has been a club member for four years and is a Junior Staff member, an honor student, and is very involved in his community participating in service projects. “Boys & Girls Club has taught me that an incentive should not be needed to help others, I help people because I want to," he said. At the club, Justin promotes the importance of living a healthy lifestyle and abstaining from drug and alcohol use. His college of choice is Purdue West Lafayette to pursue a career in pharmaceuticals. Subscribe to The Times Reporting like this is brought to you by a staff of experienced local journalists committed to telling the stories of your community. Support from subscribers is vital to continue our mission. Become a subscriber→ +7 Holmes named Youth of the Year HAMMOND — Sharod Holmes has been named Youth of the Year for the Boys & Girls Clubs of N… +3 Hammond students apply to college with help of 'The Blueprint' HAMMOND — Applying for college and financial aid can be a confusing process for the most savvy senior, but the School City of Hammond is hopin… Related to this topic Faces of the Region: Girls on the Run of Northwest Indiana Sneaker Soiree A Region that Works: Meet people hard at work across Northwest Indiana Today's Region crime roundup: Car crashes into living room where woman, baby are Today's Region crime roundup: Woman crashed after officer ended chase Throwback Thursday: Gallery: NWI railroads Tags Local News Hobart Boys & Girls Clubs Of Northwest Indiana Community Healthcare Systems The Times Media Co. The Boeing Co. Centier Bank East Chicago Katherine House Club Cedar Lake Boys & Girls Club Hammond Boys & Girls Club John Will Anderson Gary Club Lake Station Boys & Girls Club Merrillville Boys & Girls Club School Club Work Education Jasmine University Henry Pendleton Justin Young Boys & Girls Club Cheyenne Banegas Racquel Latest in section Faces of the Region: Girls on the Run of Northwest Indiana Sneaker Soiree Lake declares recent tax sale a success Gary man pleads not guilty in throat-slashing case Two men charged in East Chicago gang killing Police looking for 17-year-old runaway Most Popular on nwi.com UPDATE: Missing Schererville teen has been located Gordmans, Family Christian going out of business UPDATE: Lake, Porter could see 2 to 5 inches of snow Monday E.C. Central suffers questionable loss, while Merrillville rolls First Northwest Indiana Sonic to skate in to Michigan City Currents +8 National News Photos: Lost for a century, hidden paintings seeing light of day National News These places get the most snow during spring +7 National News Seven photos of chickens wearing sweaters Today’s top pics: Dutch reject anti-Islam candidate and more McDonald's worker rescues unconscious cop at drive thru Your daily 6: Strike 2 for travel ban, 'just say no' and Goodwill gets weed - by accident Today In History, March 16: Merrick Garland With 2 gift FTs, Northwestern prevails 68-66 over Vandy Affidavit: Josh Jackson threatened to 'beat' women's player Dress up like a panda and have sex, because Pornhub said so Werner Ladder Naismith Coach of the Year finalist: Mark Few Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Hot Yoga Highland 9001 Indianapolis Blvd , Highland, IN 46322 Ads Stevenson and Fairchild OMS 61 West 86th Avenue, Merrillville, IN 46410 Ads Snow & Ice Pros Inc. Call 888-SNOWPRO 2311 165th street, Hammond, IN 46320 Ads Toast & Jam 7311 Mallard Lane, Schererville, IN 46375 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Chesterton Toys Chesterton Toys carries Green Toys -- environmentally friendly games and toys! Updated 4 hrs ago Weddings by Rev. Doug Klukken - NWI Wedding Officiant Getting married? Need a chapel? Call Free Spirit Church today at (219) 663-3900. Updated 3 hrs ago R & H Remodeling Is your bathroom looking a little worse for wear? Call R & H Remodeling today! Workmanship guaranteed! 219-937-7448 Updated 3 hrs ago Judd & Son Chimney Service, Inc. Keep your chimney tight! Have Judd & Son inspect your chimney's tuckpointing and prevent water damage to your home! 219-365-0099 Updated 3 hrs ago E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Investing Trading Strategies 0 Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading Strategies0 Three Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6 Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Trading Strategies1 Three Reasons You Shouldn't Try to Invest Like Warren Buffett Trading Strategies0 President Trump Hates This Stock (and It Could Make You 1,180%) Trading Strategies2 How to Profitably Combat Information Overload Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading trading strategies0 This Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3 The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest trading strategies0 The Future of Retail Is Not What You Think Investing Ideas0 Snapchat's Success Is Already a Lie Investing Ideas0 Here's What National and Global Politics Have in Store for Our Rally Trading Strategies0 All Great Investors Know These Two Things Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 These 4 Plunging Stocks Have One Subtle "Code Word" in Common Global Markets1 Here's What the Media Is Ignoring About TSLA'S Sketchy Earnings Global Markets0 The Death of Retail Is Taking a Big Bite Out of This Food Company Global Markets0 TSLA Will Announce Earnings Today – Here's My Prediction Global Markets0 Forget Supplements – This Vitamin Store Just Bit the Dust Global Markets4 Why We're in a Bubble – and Two Companies That Will Pop First Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Zenith Trading Circler Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why You Don't Need to Fear a Market Correction retirement0 The Truth About Dow 21,000 trading strategies0 How to Pocket an Easy 100% Profit on Home Depot Options0 Your Most Lucrative Bitcoin Play of the Year Could Arrive Next Week Options0 The Only Reason to Ever Sit Out of the Stock Market Options0 Forget the Recent Oil Dip – This Pattern Calls for the Bulls Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Money Calendar Pro Private service. Not a member? Weekly Cash Clock Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Trading Strategies 0 The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading Strategies0 The Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments Technology0 We Started Hating This Company Just in Time Washington6 "Enforcement" Won't Jeopardize Triple-Digit Pot Stock Profits Technology0 Five Reasons You Can Still Profit from the Best Stock of 2016 Technology0 In Tech Investing, Look for Opportunities Still on the Frontier Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Trading Strategies 0 What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I Oil0 The Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2 What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Oil0 How Iran's Gas Plans Just Put Russia "Under Siege" Oil0 The Billion-Dollar Natural Gas Frenzy America Will Miss Out On Oil5 What I Saw at the Recent Iranian LNG Summit Is Important for All U.S. Investors Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Micro Energy Trader Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor This Brash Tycoon Is Spending $2.4 Billion for a Seat at the Table in Our "Gold Imbalance" Trade You’ve heard me say it before: On a beaten-down stock, the single-best “Buy” signal is buying by corporate insiders – the corporate officers and board-of-director members who are in the best position to “see” what’s ahead for the company. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Strategies 0 Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading Strategies0 Three Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6 Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Trading Strategies1 Three Reasons You Shouldn't Try to Invest Like Warren Buffett Trading Strategies0 President Trump Hates This Stock (and It Could Make You 1,180%) Trading Strategies2 How to Profitably Combat Information Overload Get the Latest Trading Insight with Keith Fitz-Gerald Total Wealth Research Subscribe to this free eLetter! High Velocity Profits Private service. Not a member? The Money Map Report Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Keith Fitz-Gerald Keith Fitz-Gerald close Trading trading strategies0 This Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3 The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest trading strategies0 The Future of Retail Is Not What You Think Investing Ideas0 Snapchat's Success Is Already a Lie Investing Ideas0 Here's What National and Global Politics Have in Store for Our Rally Trading Strategies0 All Great Investors Know These Two Things Get the Latest Trading Insight with Shah Gilani Wall Street Insights & Indictments Subscribe to this free eLetter! Captial Wave Forecast Private service. Not a member? Short-Side Fortunes Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Shah Gilani Shah Gilani close Credit Markets Global Markets0 These 4 Plunging Stocks Have One Subtle "Code Word" in Common Global Markets1 Here's What the Media Is Ignoring About TSLA'S Sketchy Earnings Global Markets0 The Death of Retail Is Taking a Big Bite Out of This Food Company Global Markets0 TSLA Will Announce Earnings Today – Here's My Prediction Global Markets0 Forget Supplements – This Vitamin Store Just Bit the Dust Global Markets4 Why We're in a Bubble – and Two Companies That Will Pop First Get the Latest Markets Insight with Michael Lewitt Sure Money Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Zenith Trading Circler Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Lewitt Michael Lewitt close Options Options0 Why You Don't Need to Fear a Market Correction retirement0 The Truth About Dow 21,000 trading strategies0 How to Pocket an Easy 100% Profit on Home Depot Options0 Your Most Lucrative Bitcoin Play of the Year Could Arrive Next Week Options0 The Only Reason to Ever Sit Out of the Stock Market Options0 Forget the Recent Oil Dip – This Pattern Calls for the Bulls Get the Latest Options Insight with Tom Gentile Power Profit Trades Subscribe to this free eLetter! Money Calendar Alert Private service. Not a member? Money Calendar Pro Private service. Not a member? Weekly Cash Clock Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Tom Gentile Tom Gentile close Technology Trading Strategies 0 The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading Strategies0 The Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments Technology0 We Started Hating This Company Just in Time Washington6 "Enforcement" Won't Jeopardize Triple-Digit Pot Stock Profits Technology0 Five Reasons You Can Still Profit from the Best Stock of 2016 Technology0 In Tech Investing, Look for Opportunities Still on the Frontier Get the Latest Technology Insight with Michael Robinson Strategic Tech Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Nova-X Report Private service. Not a member? Radical Technology Profits Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Michael Robinson Michael Robinson close Energy Trading Strategies 0 What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I Oil0 The Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2 What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Oil0 How Iran's Gas Plans Just Put Russia "Under Siege" Oil0 The Billion-Dollar Natural Gas Frenzy America Will Miss Out On Oil5 What I Saw at the Recent Iranian LNG Summit Is Important for All U.S. Investors Get the Latest Oil & Energy Insight with Dr. Kent Moors Oil & Energy Investor Subscribe to this free eLetter! Energy Advantage Private service. Not a member? Energy Inner Circle Private service. Not a member? Micro Energy Trader Private service. Not a member? Learn more about Dr. Moors Dr. Kent Moors close HOME Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Boeing Stock: Why President Trump's Tweets Won't Sink This American Icon Message: URL: https://mney.co/2mwA1Uj eight  −   =  7 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Boeing Stock: Why President Trump's Tweets Won't Sink This American Icon Message: URL: https://mney.co/2mwA1Uj 2  ×   =  six Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Twitter Follow topicFollow Best Investments Alertsno responses Stocks Boeing Stock: Why President Trump's Tweets Won't Sink This American Icon By Casey Wilson, Associate Editor, Money Morning • February 7, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  −  3  =  4 Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) has a proven track record of bouncing back from scandals – and making a whole lot of money for investors. Take the company's "Dreamliner" battery episode, for example… In 2013 – the Boeing 787 Dreamliner's first year on the market – at least four planes suffered from electrical system problems stemming from the aircrafts' lithium-ion batteries. Investors were spooked. They dumped Boeing stock so fast the rapid sell-off knocked $6 billion off Boeing's market value in just one day. That's when Money Morning Executive Editor Bill Patalon did the unthinkable: He told his readers to buy more Boeing. Those who listened to him have made 127% off that call. And those who followed Bill's initial recommendation to buy Boeing shares in September 2011 have enjoyed gains of 177%. Now, Bill is recommending Boeing stock again. President Trump's Twitter account, travel bans, labor concerns, and competition are all causing fair-weather investors to flee from the American icon. But Bill – our champion stock picker who has delivered 217 double- and triple-peak gain winners – sees great profit potential in Boeing's future. Check out the video below, where Bill lays out his long-term view for Boeing stock and shows you how to start profiting from Boeing right now. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Boeing stock Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * Email * Website  +  one  =  9 Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT This Brash Tycoon Is Spending $2.4 Billion for a Seat at the Table in Our "Gold Imbalance" Trade Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. William Patalon III (this article) Best Investments Alerts (this article) Trading Strategy Alerts (this article) Tech Watch (this article) Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Expert Content Articles By Keith Fitz-Gerald Trading Strategies Three Reasons This Is Not 1999 Trading StrategiesThree Ways to Play a Reversal for Big Profits If the "Trump Rally" Fails Trading Strategies6Why You Should Stay Away from Snap's IPO Trading Strategies The One Way to Keep Beating the Market by 50% Trading StrategiesThe Real Headline Behind White House's Latest Marijuana Comments TechnologyWe Started Hating This Company Just in Time trading strategiesThis Antiquated $1.2 Trillion Industry Is About to Experience a Major Disruption – Here's How to Profit Trading Strategies3The Bull Market's Eighth "Birthday" Is the Perfect Time to Invest trading strategiesThe Future of Retail Is Not What You Think Trading Strategies What I Revealed in My Windsor Briefings, Part I OilThe Donald Takes the Stage at Windsor Oil2What It's Like at the Most Important Energy Conference of 2017 Trading Strategies2Double Your Money on the 2017 Rally with These Six Picks Trading Strategies1How Not to Lose Everything and Die Broke Technology2This “Digital Hostage Crisis” Play Is All Upside Latest News March 16, 2017 By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Dow Drops After President Trump Calls for Budget Cuts in Healthcare Spending March 16, 2017 By Jack Delaney Leave a Comment When Is the Dropbox IPO Date? March 16, 2017 By Ashley Moore Leave a Comment The 3 Top Stocks to Short in March Trending Posts 5243 Reads 23 Likes Should I Buy a Marijuana ETF? Should I buy a marijuana ETF? That's what our readers are asking, so here's everything you need to know... 4778 Reads 23 Likes Top Marijuana Stocks to Watch This Week (March 13) We have two marijuana stocks on our watch list this week. And one of them is expected to climb over 50% in the next year... Today's Markets DJIA -15.55 (0.07%) 20,934.55 NASDAQ 0.71 (0.01%) 5,900.76 S&P -3.88 (0.16%) 2,381.38 BA 0.52 (0.29%) 178.19 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private BriefingEnergy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader Short-Side Fortunes The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. William Patalon III (this article) Best Investments Alerts (this article) Trading Strategy Alerts (this article) Tech Watch (this article) View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
Breaking News Leading Republicans, Democrats reject Trump's Obama wiretap assertion Trump's budget cuts to domestic, aid programs draw Republican scorn McDonald's deletes Trump tweet, says Twitter account compromised Judge approves $27 million driver settlement in Lyft lawsuit Trump meets Irish PM at White House ahead of St. Patrick's Day Trump vows appeal up to Supreme Court after loss on travel ban Gunning for profit: Firearm makers among the top short trades under Trump Republicans split, conservatives angry as healthcare overhaul inches ahead California judge seeks to prevent immigration arrests inside state courts Snap shares drop 4 percent, fall below $20 for the first time Fri 17 Mar 2017 - 18 Jumada II 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos Observer Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → Boeing wins $13.8 bn Singapore Airlines order Boeing wins $13.8 bn Singapore Airlines order Friday 10th, February 2017 / 19:35 Written by Oman Observer in Business SINGAPORE/PARIS: Singapore Airlines announced a $13.8 billion (£11 billion) order to buy 39 Boeing wide-body aircraft as it pursues expansion opportunities, a setback for the US planemaker’s rival Airbus Group in the fight for long-term orders. In a statement, SIA said it agreed to place firm orders with Boeing for 20 777-9s and 19 787-10s to tap additional growth and for fleet modernisation through the next decade. “Today’s major order for widebody aircraft enables us to continue operating a modern and fuel-efficient fleet, providing the SIA Group with additional expansion opportunities to ensure that we retain our industry-leading position,” said CEO Goh Choon Phong. Airlines typically get discounts on list prices when placing large orders. SIA said this would be the airline’s first order for the newest 777 variant that is currently under development, the 777-9. SIA is already the launch customer for the 787-10, which is also currently in development, having placed an initial order in 2013 for 30 aircraft for delivery from the 2018/19 financial year. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Hyundai Heavy swings back to black Reckitt gulps US baby food firm Mead Johnson → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM congratulates Irish president Trump’s travel ban faces block again Military wins big; environment, aid lose Municipality signs agreement for running Muttrah Fish Market Read More ... Facebook Twitter 13 hours agoPeople around us. #BeAnObserver /t.co/VSVD3YH9Ce 15 hours agoOwner of The Sultan Center (#TSC) retail chain passes away /t.co/DrwPL3GiKI @Agility /t.co/fcGid2IOaO 15 hours ago#Kuwaiti businessman and owner of The Sultan Center passed away at 67 /t.co/RuuzDuaZcF Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
gulfnews.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 8 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser.LEARN MORE ? Enter your keyword sign inorRegister now Mobile Site GN Network Aquarius The monthly women's lifestyle magazine offering real solutions for real women. Friday The most read magazine in the UAE. Lively, intelligent and thought-provoking. GN Focus Focused reports on events, business and lifestyle. In depth, insightful, influential. Inside Out An inspiring home interiors magazine showcasing the best interior design. tabloid! The No. 1 source for entertainment, lifestyle & fashion in the UAE. Weekend Review In-depth look at issues behind the news, with sections on people, books and art. Wheels A weekly motoring magazine packed with the latest local and global motoring news, reviews and views. GNTECH Gadget soup for the techy soul. News and reviews with our own irreverent spin Baby & Child From pregnancy to playdates in the UAE Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store Classifieds GNCars The UAE's first stop shop for buying and selling cars. GNCareers Give your career a boost. Find the best and latest jobs. GNClassifieds The site for buying and selling almost anything. GNproperty Region's leading property site for buying and renting. Apps App for iPhone The official Gulf News app tailored for iOs phones App for Android Mobile The official Gulf News app tailored for Android phones App for iPad Gulf News made highly readable for Apple's iPad Gulf News mobile Fast, lightweight, perfect for mobile browsing SMS alerts The fastest way to find out about breaking stories Cricket App Live cricket action direct to your phone Good Living App Hundreds of offers direct to your phone Subscribe Gulf News Subscribe Now Aquarius Subscribe Now Xpress Subscribe Now Inside Out Subscribe Now Wheels Subscribe Now Baby & Child Subscribe Now Quick Links E-Paper Digital version of today’s newspaper, exactly as it is in print. Mobile Version The fast and light-weight mobile version of GulfNews.com. Advertising Guide Get your brand seen in the region's most read newspaper. SMS News Alerts The fastest way to hear about major breaking stories. Goodliving 100s of offers, half price deals, 2 for 1s - and more. Contact Us Have something you want to tell us, a question, or complaint? Gulf News Store Buy latest products from our online store SHARES AVIATION March 17, 2017 | Last updated 3 minutes ago ---- usd---- 24KGold--   Hot Topics: UAE holidays 2017 Gold Rate Weather Horoscope The GN Store UAE News Business Data Equities Commodities Currencies top stories in Data Dubai gold is Dh6.25 cheaper: Time to buy? Dubai gold rates drop as Fed hike looms Dubai gold prices ease after 3.5-month high Gold Rate Sectors26 Markets12 Automotives1 Banking8 Construction Employment1 Features General Investment1 Media1 Careers2 Energy42 Retail2 Shipping Technology8 Telecoms Tourism top stories in Sectors McDonald's deletes anti-Trump tweet Soon: 5,000 people per hour in driverless cars Women now rule banking in Thailand Renewables Aviation4 Live Flights top stories in Aviation Alitalia unveils survival plan IATA warns about need for constant innovation Air Canada chief says US more competitive Economy14 Property GN Property top stories in Property New five-star hotel to open in Bur Dubai Dubai office tenants demand and get their way It’s less expensive for overseas firms in Dubai Money1 Visas Analysis1 2 Sport Opinion Leisure Life&Style Culture Guides Multimedia Your Say In Focus Emirates says flight was delayed as Delta withheld $300 part Qatar Air CEO Akbar Al Baker branded Delta “wicked” last year after it’s first flight to Atlanta with the Airbus SE A380 was directed to a remote gate at the world’s busiest airport Published: 19:27 February 12, 2017 Bloomberg   SMALL MEDIUM LARGE New York: Emirates, the world’s biggest long-haul airline, said a flight from Seattle to Dubai was delayed for more than six hours after it was unable to obtain a $300 spare part from Delta Air Lines Inc., which has led a campaign against the expansion of Mideast carriers in the US. A Boeing Co. 777 due to depart the American city at 9am on Feb. 2 was held up by a mechanical issue requiring the replacement of a minor hydraulic component, Emirates says. While the part was sourced from Delta’s local engineering office and installed on the plane, a senior manager at the US carrier’s Atlanta base later ordered that it be removed, it claims. “It is sad, in our view, that any airline would deny such standard technical assistance to another carrier based on orders from headquarters that had nothing to do with maintenance or cost, but seem clearly to have been intended to inflict harm on the airline and its customers,” Emirates said in an email. Delta shares parts with other airlines whenever possible through an industry agreement and doesn’t withhold them from any particular carrier, Delta spokesman Michael Thomas said. The item in question was the last spare of its kind in Delta’s Seattle inventory, and company policy requires that it keep the last one on hand in case Delta needs it, Thomas said. “Having the right spare parts in the right places and in ample quantity is critical to ensuring a reliable airline operation for our customers,” Thomas said. Gulf dispute Delta, together with American Airlines Group Inc. and United Continental Holdings Inc., is embroiled in a long-running dispute with the three main Gulf carriers after urging the federal government to block their growth on the grounds that they received illegal aid payments — a suggestion that Emirates, Qatar Airways and Abu Dhabi-based Etihad Airways all reject. The issue may be reignited after US airline representatives met with Donald Trump Thursday, with the president telling them they faced “big league” competition, much of it “subsidised by governments.” Qatar Air Chief Executive Officer Akbar Al Baker branded Delta “wicked” last year after the Doha-based carrier’s first flight to Atlanta with the Airbus Group SE A380 superjumbo was directed to a remote gate at the world’s busiest airport, leaving elderly and infirm passengers to disembark via temporary stairs rather than through the usual air-bridge. At the time, Delta said Qatar Airways was late in trying to secure gates for the A380 flight, which require special gates because of the jet’s size. Delta attempted to accommodate Qatar’s flight, despite the carrier’s tardiness, while making sure it could accommodate its own schedule, a company spokeswoman said in June. Card payment In the incident this month, Emirates said Delta had refused a credit-card payment for the spare and ordered a local engineering provider to remove it from the 777. Code-share partner Alaska Airlines Inc. eventually came to the rescue by providing the part, leaving the flight to depart 6 hours and 24 minutes late. “Despite this incident, Emirates will continue to render such technical support to other carriers, including Delta, irrespective of whether we agree or disagree with their policy views,” the Gulf company said. Thomas, the Delta spokesman, said it wasn’t immediately clear Thursday why the company originally allowed Emirates to use the part before calling it back. More from Aviation Alitalia unveils survival plan IATA warns about need for constant innovation Air Canada chief says US more competitive Lufthansa says fare slide to slow Etihad completes 5 years of operations to Kuwait IATA: Airport charges a key concern This airport has one of world's best terminals Etihad to fly superjumbos to Paris tags from this storyUnited States follow this tag on MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGNDubai follow this tag on MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGNQatar Airways follow this tag on MGN filed underGulfNewsBusinessAviation tagsUnited States follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDonald Trump follow this tag on MGN+ MGNDubai follow this tag on MGN+ MGNAbu Dhabi follow this tag on MGN+ MGNQatar Airways follow this tag on MGN+ MGN Also In AviationAlitalia unveils survival plan Business Gallery Goodyear deflates last of its GZ-20 blimps Dubai’s next big mall gets into project mode Business Videos PlayAbu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing FOLLOW US Most Popular ViewedCommentedGalleriesVideos 01Alitalia unveils survival plan 02IATA warns about need for constant innovation 03Airbus may ditch A380’s grand staircase 04Air Canada chief says US more competitive 05200,000 jobs to open in UAE, Mideast aviation 8Images Dubai’s next big mall gets into project mode Mar 16, 2017 8Images Massive development at Abu Dhabi airport Mar 11, 2017 14Images Goodyear deflates last of its GZ-20 blimps Mar 16, 2017 19Images Check out new cars unveiled in Geneva Mar 09, 2017 Play Abu Dhabi Ship Building enjoys growing success Nov 24, 2016 Play Strata UAE leads aerospace manufacturing Oct 25, 2016 Play Video: Electronics fiesta as Gitex opens Oct 01, 2016 Play Britain is open for business Sep 20, 2016 Explore the UAE Find the right airport Currency Converter Sponsored By first-currency currencyAEDDinarRupee= first-currency currencyINRDinarRupee Most Popular on Gulf News VAT in UAE: What you need to know Man who fed cat to dogs arrested Deportation, Dh250,000 fine for Facebook abuse Look: Shaikh Mohammad is in Africa Warning: This medicine is not allowed in UAE Get ready for more rain in the UAE 2017 UAE holidays Emirati man feeds pet lion with baby bottle Jobs alert: Gulf airlines hiring right now Close Recommended For You Trump budget chief defends cuts for childrenPUBLISHED ON Mar 17, 2017 White House: Obama asked UK to spy on TrumpPUBLISHED ON Mar 17, 2017 Man who fed cat to dogs to clean Dubai ZooPUBLISHED ON Mar 15, 2017 Feedback Get The Paper Our Apps Mobile friendly version Our location Advanced Search Sitemap MY GULF NEWS GulfNews.com is the most widely read newspaper, and online site in English in the Middle East. With a daily BPA audited paid circulation of over 108,000, and an online audience of 3.5 million uniques every month, it is your go to source for information on the region. Sign up below to begin personalising your experienceRegister now News Business Sport Leisure Guides Opinion Multimedia In Focus Life&Style Culture Your Say Enter your keyword follow usRssFollow us on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on google plus Sign up for newsletterSign Up PreviousNext © Al Nisr Publishing LLC 2016. All rights reserved GN Media How to follow Gulf News History of GulfNews Key Dates Community Advertise Print Direct Marketing Digital About Gulf News Journalism ethics Ethics Policy Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Readers' Policy FAQs Open Calais Careers at Gulf News How to find Gulf News Contact Us Print Subscriptions MGN New GulfNews.com: A considerable step forward in terms of user experience
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries Analysis As oilpatch aches, Ottawa's loan to Bombardier becomes easy target in the West Western alienation argument diverts from important debate about the need for Canadian industrial strategy By Kyle Bakx, CBC News Posted: Feb 12, 2017 9:30 AM ET Last Updated: Feb 12, 2017 9:30 AM ET The federal government's decision this week to give Bombardier $372.5 million in interest-free loans elicited criticism over concerns that the company was being unfairly subsidized. Much of that criticism was sharpest in the West. (How Hwee Young/EPA) Related Stories Could the oilsands really be phased out? Here are the possibilities Keystone XL could be the final pipeline Canada's oilpatch needs Overseas markets exist for Canada's oil, but how to deliver? 'Light at the end of the tunnel:' Oilfield companies in Nisku see reason for optimism The federal government's $372-million loan to Bombardier this week attracted widespread criticism across the country. But it's an easy target in the West in particular — like shooting a basketball into a swimming pool. It's little surprise that critics pounced immediately, particularly those looking to make political hay. 'Now that things are going significantly better for Bombardier, a lot of people are saying, 'Wait a minute, why did you just do this?' - Martha Hall Findlay, Canada West Foundation Those people unhappy with the federal government's decision point to the repeated bailouts Bombardier has received, saying it amounts to the government picking winners and losers, and a wasted opportunity to spend the money elsewhere in the economy. Some of the company's supporters are also disappointed and say the cash infusion comes too little, too late, since Bombardier asked for $1 billion US about a year ago when its financial health was in a critical state. Federal government to give $372.5M in loans to Bombardier Federal loan to Bombardier not enough, say critics​ For some in Alberta, the interest-free deal summoned up always-simmering feelings of Western alienation, the long-standing narrative that Ottawa favours central Canada and repeatedly turns its back on the West, leaving the four provinces in the later time zones to fend for themselves.  While the deal is easy to criticize, experts say there is no evidence the West is being left behind and the Western alienation argument detracts from a more important debate about the need for an industrial strategy in Canada. A subsidy-heavy industry This isn't the first time the federal government has given financial assistance to Bombardier — and it probably won't be the last. Not only is the Montreal-based manufacturer a large company providing well-paying jobs, it also produces a high-value product that is exported around the world. And Bombardier plays in an industry littered with government incentives. Companies like U.S.-based Boeing, Brazil's Embraer and France's Airbus all get government support, according to Karl Moore, with McGill University's Desautels Faculty of Management. Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains, Bombardier President and CEO Alain Bellemare and Transport Minister Marc Garneau are shown at Tuesday's announcement of the $372.5-million loan. (Paul Chiasson/Canadian Press) The money and subsidies from the Quebec and Canadian governments help level the playing field for Bombardier in a globally competitive industry. "They all have government support. So if you want to play in the big leagues in this industry, different from many industries, you need government support," Moore said. Brazil launches WTO complaint against Canada over Bombardier aid The government assistance is not only necessary, he said, but appropriate. "Bombardier is probably Canada's greatest global competitor in terms of the number of jobs and the sure fact that it exports the vast majority of its products outside of Canada." Oilpatch gets its own help That argument doesn't fly as well out West, where many would like nothing better to see Bombardier cut off, left to sink or swim on its own. Bombardier's last plea for assistance in late 2015 came in the middle of a severe downturn in the oilpatch, when tens of thousands of workers were losing their jobs, companies were going belly up, and the provincial economies of Saskatchewan and Alberta fell into recession. That's why Alberta politicians, like former Conservative MP Jason Kenney and Wildrose Leader Brian Jean, were quick to criticize the Bombardier loan this week, suggesting Ottawa is disrespecting those suffering in the West. But there lies a fault in stoking this alienation fire because Ottawa has given the oilpatch plenty during the oil-price collapse. One year ago, Scott Darling was in the midst of layoffs at his small oilfield-service company in Red Deer, Alta. He was abundantly clear at the time about not wanting a bailout, like Bombardier or Air Canada have received in the past. Rather he wanted the federal government to approve a new export pipeline. A new pipe wouldn't immediately help his company, but it would benefit the industry if producers could fetch a higher return for the oil they pump out of the ground. Justin Trudeau and his government signed off on two major pipelines, Kinder Morgan's Trans Mountain and Enbridge's Line 3, which will pump nearly a million more barrels of oil a day from Alberta's oilsands. (Nati Harnik/Associated Press) Fast forward to today: the federal government has approved two major export pipelines and the revival of Keystone XL south of the border could translate into three conduits for shipping oil out of Canada. That's more than the oilpatch was expecting. "The prime minister's announcement of support for two of the pipelines took a lot of the sting out of that argument," says Ian Lee, of Carleton University's Sprott School of Business.  "The criticism now has been muted. It's not as strong as it would have been three or six months ago, if those intervening acts had not occurred." Oilpatch players seek federal approval for investment fund to kick-start slumping industry The federal government has also enhanced employment insurance benefits for some regions in the West and decided in its last budget to delay a campaign promise to "phase out subsidies to the fossil fuel industry over the medium-term" because of the plunge in oil prices. The oil industry contributes significantly to the Canadian economy and, in return, has received a variety of considerable subsidies. While pipeline approvals don't cost the government any money, the Liberals may take a hit in terms of political capital in other parts of the country, as the decision didn't sit will with those who favour protecting the environment over further fossil-fuel development.  Martha Hall Findlay says the loan to Bombardier is "bad politics"1:59 Ditching the one-off bailouts Critics question how and why the federal government makes decisions about which companies are winners and which losers. Are some industries more important than others? Martha Hall Findlay — the former Toronto Liberal MP who now serves as president of the Canada West Foundation, a Calgary-based think-tank — describes the Bombardier deal as reactive, squeaky-wheel politics, saying an agreement like this only encourages frustration by other industries and regions. It doesn't help that Bombardier is no longer in dire straits and expects to make between $530 million and $630 million US next year, before taxes and interest. "Now that things are going significantly better for Bombardier, a lot of people are saying, 'Wait a minute, why did you just do this?'" she said. Hall Findlay says it's fine to help make a particular industry, like aerospace or agri-food, a priority, but there should be a long-term game plan when it comes to the private sector. "No matter where you are, I think the question ends up being, why are we doing this one-off stuff all the time?" The federal government's actions as they relate to the oilpatch make sense in that regard, as the prime minister has made it clear he wants a healthy oil-and-gas sector now to help finance the country's shift toward renewable energy over the next few decades. It's unclear where the Bombardier deal fits into an existing strategy, which is perhaps why people were so quick to criticize.  "It's easy to get angry. I don't think it is particularly constructive," says Hall Findlay. "Let's figure out how to do this ahead of time and really determine what that industrial strategy should look like." Rex Murphy | Bombardier’s bailout3:14 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Latest Business Headlines 'We are on top of this,' consumer watchdog says of outrage over bank sales tactics March 16, 11:51 AM ET read comments video Alberta's debt soars to $45B, but budget has no big cuts, no new taxes March 16, 6:24 PM ET Record 202,000 Canadians cut the cord last year and ditched television service March 16, 6:49 PM ET read comments Questionable Texas law firm pockets millions from Lac-Mégantic compensation fund March 16, 12:22 PM ET PM says he still believes Trump promise only minor tweaks coming on NAFTA March 16, 1:32 PM ET Must Watch Video Regulator responds to allegations against TD 2:40 Brigitte Goulard, the deputy commissioner for the FCAC, says if the regulator's investigation uncovers any violations at the bid banks, they could be subject to a fine of up to $500,000 Video Banks under pressure 2:05 CBC's Jacqueline Hansen on Canada's banks facing competitive pressure and the need to care for their clients Video Rates rise 3:40 David Rosenberg, chief economist, Gluskin Sheff & Associates, on what a U.S. rate hike means for Canadians Video The Big Picture 9:14 The panel discusses how Canada can navigate potential policy potholes with the U.S. Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY Mar 16, 2017 4:34 PM ET Mar 16, 2017 4:46 PM ET Mar 16, 2017 4:16 PM ET Mar 16, 2017 4:51 PM ET Mar 16, 2017 4:34 PM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15562.41 41.50 DOW 20934.55 -15.55 NASDAQ 5900.76 0.71 SP 500 2381.38 -3.88 TSX-VENTURE 810.92 3.64 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed 'We are all doing it': Employees at Canada's 5 big banks speak out about pressure to dupe customers read comments video Bank watchdog saw surge in complaints about dubious credit card applications months ago read comments video Questionable Texas law firm pockets millions from Lac-Mégantic compensation fund Record 202,000 Canadians cut the cord last year and ditched television service read comments Shares in coat maker Canada Goose soar in debut on Toronto and New York markets read comments Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss Analysis Despite the ads begging for your trust, banks are not your mom: Don Pittis 4 money-saving reasons you should check your bank statements GO PUBLIC Employees at 5 big banks speak of pressure to dupe customers Uncertainty hangs over embattled Fort Mac as oil industry languishes Analysis Markets still aren't convinced Fed chair Janet Yellen will keep raising rates: Don Pittis Go Public 'I felt like a fool': Convicted fraudster dupes small town with reality show promises Soldiers of fortune: MBA students get leadership lessons from ex-commandos 'The millennial side hustle,' not stable job, is the new reality for university grads Air Canada invites passengers to make cash offer to sit in better class Analysis Wikileaks CIA documents raise hacking fears — should we worry about our devices? MARKETPLACE What you need to know before arranging a funeral MARKETPLACE Undercover investigation finds big markups, confusing charges and pushy tactics at major funeral home chain Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos News A 51st state, called Liberty, would have political clout and an ag-based economy SUNDAY, FEB. 12, 2017, 4:30 A.M. By Pia Hallenberg piah@spokesman.com(509) 459-5427 The State of Liberty would be comprised of the 20 counties of Eastern Washington knotted by conservative politics, wide-open landscapes and a shared reliance on natural resources and government services. Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS The state song of “Liberty” Related topics Doug Clark: “Liberty” deserves a new state song, and I’m happy to oblige It’s easy to dismiss House Joint Memorial 4000 with an eye roll and a “here we go again.” The measure proposes to split Washington in half and create a new state called Liberty. Similar legislation proposed in 1915, 1985, 1991, 2005 and 2015 never gained much traction. But does this year of political upheaval and civil unrest portend a different outcome? Supporters of Liberty aren’t the type to back down. “Broadcasting live from the capital of free Washington, and the future capital of the State of Liberty, Spokane Valley,” is how 51st state champion Rep. Matt Shea often introduces his podcasts. “We are making this real.” Agriculture would be a mainstay of the economy of the 51st state, “Liberty.” (Colin Mulvany / The Spokesman-Review) He boasts that the new state would “rival Texas in prosperity” and lead to lower taxes. The west side of Washington, he warns, will turn into its own “socialist utopia” and collapse without the rugged mindset and agricultural backbone of Eastern Washington. Anyone who’s visited both sides of the Cascade Mountains notices the difference in politics, economy, climate and traffic. One is the Evergreen State. The other could be coined the Sagebrush State. The question of splitting the state has always boiled down to whether the eastern half could prosper without the financial support of Seattle. Supporters are confident and point to a region rich in agriculture and electricity. Opponents say Liberty would suffer without the taxes generated by some of the world’s best companies such as Microsoft, Boeing and Amazon. Liberty would have great colleges and hospitals, both public and private. But the 51st state would be landlocked without easy access to the shipping docks of Seattle, though it would have Columbia and Snake River ports that link to Portland and the Pacific. And though Liberty would have far fewer people, it would gain national political clout and rival or surpass many other Western states in population and wealth. It would be larger than Montana, Wyoming and the Dakotas. It would continue to capture billions of federal dollars to clean up the Hanford nuclear site. While Shea advocates making Spokane Valley the new state capital, others aren’t so sure. “I think it should be in Moses Lake,” said Spokane Valley Councilman Ed Pace, who is so excited about the formation of Liberty that he’s asked the Spokane Valley City Council to take a stand on it. Carol Paul, the Lincoln County GOP chairman and another supporter of the 51st State, said one problem with Washington is that Olympia is physically too far away for many residents, and ideologically out of touch with most of the state. “The capital should be in Moses Lake, Ephrata or Ellensburg,” Paul said. “The capital should be accessible and centrally located.” Spokane is not be in the initial running for capital, perhaps leading to the city’s cool reception to Liberty.Spokane City Council President Ben Stuckart likened the idea of secession to shooting oneself in the foot. The main industries in Liberty would be agriculture, manufacturing, education, trade, and government infrastructure and services. In 2014, for instance, the value of the apple industry was almost $3 billion, according to the Washington Apple Commission’s Todd Fryhover. “We employ over 55,000 people during peak season,” Fryhover said. He added that there clearly is a disconnect between the east and the west sides of the Cascades, but would prefer another solution than secession. “We do great things over here but we probably don’t sing our own praises enough,” Fryhover said. “We don’t go over to the west side and educate people on where our food comes from.” So, would Liberty be a prosperous state? “It’s tough to say if a new state would have a viable economy,” said Jamie Rossman, a policy adviser for the Washington state Department of Commerce. Liberty’s economy would depend heavily on exports, but would also retain a much lower cost of living, compared to the west side. “It wouldn’t have a major port, which can be a problem when you depend on export,” Rossman said. “But there are so many other factors to take into consideration like education and infrastructure.” Eastsiders often complain that they pay taxes to Olympia, but get little back because of spending on Seattle-area freeways and Olympia bureaucracy. According to a 2012 study by an Evergreen State College research team,King County produces 42 percent of the state’s tax revenues – but receives less than 26 percent back in the form of state benefits. That’s a return of 62 cents on the dollar. Spokane County receives more back than it pays in: $1.35 for every dollar, according to the study. Rural Ferry County gets $3.16 back for every dollar it sends to Olympia. The numbers – and recent election results – suggest Liberty is about ideology more so than cherry picking parts of the state to make a stronger economy. Paul said she’s tired of what she calls “Western Washington’s harebrained ideas.” “A benefit would be that we can govern ourselves, instead of being governed by initiatives instigated by anyone who can get enough signatures on a petition,” Paul said, “and make it sound like a good idea while hiding the snake in the grass.” Pace said it’s a good exercise in evaluating how the state is governed now and what could change. He’d like for the cities to have more freedom when it comes to economic development. “I’d like for us to have a business climate that’s more like Idaho,” Pace said. “Idaho has a lower B&O tax and a lower minimum wage. If we had a 51st state we could create an environment that’s better for business.” Pace said maybe the question isn’t how Liberty would pay for a service level akin to Washington’s, but which services could be narrowed. “What would it look like to have a state that lives within its means; that’s what we should look at,” Pace said. Rep. Bob McCaslin, Jr., R-Spokane Valley, is one of the co-sponsors of the measure. At a GOP town hall meeting in Spokane Valley two weeks ago, McCaslin said he co-sponsored House Joint Memorial 4000 in memory of his dad, longtime state senator Bob McCaslin Sr., who really believed in the idea. “I like that the bill has started a conversation,” McCaslin said, “and brought some different people together.” So does Liberty have a chance this year? “Absolutely not,” McCaslin said. “It doesn’t have a chance.” Published: Feb. 12, 2017, 4:30 a.m.  Tags: 51st state, Liberty, Matt Shea Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Friday 17 March 2017 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » Story DAE delivers first of 8 B737-800NG to EgyptAir DUBAI, February 12, 2017 Dubai Aerospace Enterprise (DAE) has delivered the first of eight Boeing 737-800NG planes to EgyptAir. This is the inaugural delivery of the sale and leaseback with PDP funding agreement between EgyptAir and DAE, which was announced in October of last year. The delivery of this aircraft (MSN 63799) took place at the Boeing delivery center in Seattle. The remaining seven aircraft are scheduled to be delivered later this year. - TradeArabia News Service   Tags: Boeing | DAE | EgyptAir | delivery | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Flynas expands rewards programme with Booking.com W Doha Hotel & Residences launches Art 29 Dubai Culture showcases projects in Berlin Air Arabia flies to Baku Riyadh Travel Fair to showcase medical tourism offerings Dubai Airports expands F&B offering at DXB Jumeirah Restaurant Group unveils new healthy F&B brand Rezidor appoints first woman GM in Saudi hotel sector Middle East eyes luxury shopping tourism crown Turkish Airlines continues to enhance passenger experience Saudi Arabia participates in major airport terminal expo Fujairah beaches cleared of oil slick Tulip Inn RAK gets new GM Market Kitchen Abu Dhabi relaunches culinary masterclasses Sealine Beach Resort receives top recognition New GM for Waldorf Astoria Ras Al Khaimah Jumeirah, Loylogic to design new reward solution Oman Air welcomes a new Boeing B737-800 to its fleet Ritz-Carlton, Bahrain launches new boat trip packages New executive sous chef for Jumeirah Messilah Beach Hotel Book direct with HMH and make great savings Brisbane Airport leads trial of Sita's facial recognition technology ME outbound travel expenditure to reach $165bn Etihad to launch A380 flights to Paris New marketing director at The St. Regis Abu Dhabi Iata urges air cargo modernisation New Russia visa application centre opened in the UAE 'Privatising airports will drive growth' Etihad aviation Group backs World Energy Congress Saudia to issue tickets through vending machines Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Thursday, March 16, 2017, 8:38 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Some Arkansas firms unifying to fend off proposed border tax Some firms unify to head off an imports levy By Frank E. Lockwood , Robbie Neiswanger This article was published February 12, 2017 at 5:21 a.m. PHOTO BY AP / REBECCA BLACKWELL Cars leave the General Motors assembly plant in Villa de Reyes, Mexico, last month. Automakers have joined with retailers to oppose a tax on goods imported to the United States. Comments (4) aAFont Size Michael Pakko, chief economist at the Institute for Economic Advancement at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas U.S. Rep. Bruce Westerman of Hot Springs U.S. Rep. Steve Womack of Rogers Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon WASHINGTON -- A U.S. House Republican proposal that would tax retailers for the products they import and sell in the United States is still in the early stages. Michael Pakko, chief economist at the Institute for Economic Advancement at the University of Arkansas at Little Rock House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas U.S. Rep. Bruce Westerman of Hot Springs U.S. Rep. Steve Womack of Rogers Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Tax idea strikes a nerve Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News In Little Rock, trash calls light up lines at... 1 person hurt in Little Rock shooting, police... State legislators to start whittling 31 propo... State director of VA hands in his notice afte... Some Arkansas firms unifying to fend off prop... Golf, tweets in Trump's weekend Israeli firm is FBI's cybersecurity go-to Japan's weighty comic Documentary a prized one-of-a-kind More News stories > Comments on: Some Arkansas firms unifying to fend off proposed border tax To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 4 of 4 total comments TuckerMax says... February 12, 2017 at 8:17 a.m. Of course: A tax from the party of lower taxation. Only you have pay attention to know they only care about tax breaks for the rich. ( permalink | suggest removal ) carpenterretired says... February 12, 2017 at 9:02 p.m. Looks like that would put the senator from Walmart Boozman in a pickle ,but the retailers would just pass the tax along to consumers in higher prices (hence a form of sales tax) so working people (whose income would remain the same) would be less able to purchase as much from retailers catch 22. However as a main goal of the GOP is to shift tax burden from rich to poor by using sale taxes to make up revenue loss from income tax cuts on higher incomes this border tax should delight true republicans . ( permalink | suggest removal ) BRADO1 says... February 12, 2017 at 9:29 p.m. Meanwhile, no one fended off the Amazon tax! ( permalink | suggest removal ) 3WorldState1 says... February 13, 2017 at 1:47 p.m. While we do have the highest Corporate tax in the world, our effective tax rate (the tax business' actually pay) is one of the lowest. So basically, they are going to cut taxes, without getting rid of the loopholes, and the effective tax rate will go down even further. And blow a hole in our debt that will dwarf even W's stupid policy. Good job GOP. ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 2 brothers stabbed after agreeing to give someone ride home in Little Rock, police say (7 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Legislative fear (6 comments) No indication Trump Tower was surveilled, senators on intelligence committee say (13 comments) Little Rock bondsman accidentally shoots man he was trying to apprehend, police say (9 comments) Boy, 12, robbed by 2 girls while waiting to be picked up from school, Little Rock police say (7 comments) Arkansas House panel OKs edible-pot ban (6 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Absolute Reports Tweet   Remote Sensing Satellite Market by Authentication, Track and Trace Technology - Global Opportunity Analysis and Forecast, 2017  2022 Remote Sensing Satellite Market is expected to witness growth of international market with respect to advancements and innovations including development history, competitive analysis and regional development forecast.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 12, 2017 ) Global Remote Sensing Satellite market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Remote Sensing Satellite industry. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Remote Sensing Satellite market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Remote Sensing Satellite Market Research Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/global-remote-sensing-satellite-industry-2016-market-research-report--10182953 Next part of the global Remote Sensing Satellite industry analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Major Manufacturers: Airbus Defence and Space AAI Ball Aerospace & Technologies Lockheed Martin Mitsubishi Electric Thales Alenia Space Boeing CASC ISS Reshetnev Orbital ATK Telespazio and many more. Get Sample PDF of Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10182953 After the basic information, the report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Also, the Remote Sensing Satellite market growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered. Further in the report, the global Remote Sensing Satellite industry is examined for price, cost and gross. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. The global Remote Sensing Satellite market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Ask for Discount@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10182953 To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Global Remote Sensing Satellite market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross overview and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. Major table of content included in this report: Market Effect Factors Analysis Technology Progress/Risk Technology Progress in Related Industry Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change Pricing Strategy Distributors/Traders List Area Sensor Key Raw Materials Analysis Key Suppliers of Raw Materials Manufacturing Process Analysis of Area Sensor In this Global Remote Sensing Satellite industry analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the report. Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10182953 Contact Information: Absolute Reports Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
About Us Contact Us Help user name password Client login:    First time user sign up Forgot your login info? Website Directory     Submit Website Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Home > News By Company > Absolute Reports Tweet   Satellite Market Research and Projections 2022 on Consumer Needs, Pricing strategy, Revenue and Growth Rate Satellite Market is expected to witness growth of international market with respect to advancements and innovations including development history, competitive analysis and regional development forecast.   (EMAILWIRE.COM, February 12, 2017 ) Global Satellite market research report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Satellite industry. Various definitions and classification of the industry, applications of the industry and chain structure are given. Present day status of the Satellite market in key regions is stated and industry policies and news are analysed. Browse Detailed TOC, Tables, Figures, Charts and Companies Mentioned in Global Satellite Market Research Report@http://www.360marketupdates.com/global-satellite-market-professional-survey-report-2016--10168536 Next part of the global Satellite industry analysis report speaks about the manufacturing process. The process is analysed thoroughly with respect three points, viz. raw material and equipment suppliers, various manufacturing associated costs (material cost, labour cost, etc.) and the actual process. Major Manufacturers: Boeing Lockheed Martin Northrop Grumman Corporation Space Systems Loral Airbus Defence and Space OHB Thales Alenia Space and many more. Get Sample PDF of Report@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-sample/10168536 After the basic information, the report sheds light on the production. Production plants, their capacities, global production and revenue are studied. Also, the Satellite market growth in various regions and R&D status are also covered. Further in the report, the global Satellite industry is examined for price, cost and gross. These three points are analysed for types, companies and regions. In continuation with this data sale price is for various types, applications and region is also included. The global Satellite market consumption for major regions is given. Additionally, type wise and application wise consumption figures are also given. Ask for Discount@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/request-discount/10168536 To provide information on competitive landscape, this report includes detailed profiles of Global Satellite market key players. For each player, product details, capacity, price, cost, gross overview and revenue numbers are given. Their contact information is provided for better understanding. Major table of content included in this report: Market Effect Factors Analysis Technology Progress/Risk Technology Progress in Related Industry Consumer Needs/Customer Preference Change Pricing Strategy Distributors/Traders List Area Sensor Key Raw Materials Analysis Key Suppliers of Raw Materials Manufacturing Process Analysis of Area Sensor In this Global Satellite industry analysis, traders and distributors analysis is given along with contact details. For material and equipment suppliers also, contact details are given. New investment feasibility analysis is included in the report. Speak to Expert@ http://www.360marketupdates.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10168536 Contact Information: Absolute Reports Ameya Pingaley Tel: +1 408 520 9750 Email us This is a press release. Press release distribution and press release services by EmailWire.Com: http://www.emailwire.com/us-press-release-distribution.php. 
   Search All categoriesAdvertising  GeneralAerospace  GeneralAgriculture  GeneralAirlines  GeneralAmerica - Post 9/11  GeneralApparel  GeneralApple Products  GeneralArchitectural  GeneralArchitecture  ArchitectureArt & Entertainments  Books  Celebrities  Country Music  Dance  Magazines  Movies  Museums  Music  Music Downloads  News & Talk Shows  Performing Arts  Photography  Television  Web SitesArts/Culture  GeneralAuction  GeneralAutomotive  Aftermarket  Classic Autos  Consumer Publications  General  Motorcycle & Bike  Racing  Recreational Vehicle  Repair & Service  Trade PublicationsBlogging & Social Media  Blogging & Social MediaBusiness  Advertising / Marketing  Books  Consumer Research  Direct Marketing  e-Commerce  Entrepreneurs  Finance  Franchise  Human Resources  Insurance  Investment  Management  Markets  Network Marketing  Online Marketing / SEO  Payday Loans  Public Relations  Publications  Real Estate  Retail  Stocks  Supermarkets  Women in BusinessCareers/HR  GeneralChemical  GeneralCoaching / Mentoring  Coaching / MentoringComputers  Apple Products  Databases  Games & Entertainment  General  Hosting  Instruction  Linux / GNU "Open Source"  Macintosh  Microsoft Windows PC  Operating Systems  Programming  Security  Software  Tablet PCs  UtilitiesConstruction  GeneralConsumer  Gifts and Collectibles  Hobbies  Web sites / InternetDesign  Graphic Design  Industrial  WebE-Cigarette  GeneraleCommerce  GeneralEconomy  GeneralEducation  College / University  General  Home Schooling  K-12  Post Graduate  TechnicalElectronics  GeneralEmail Marketing  GeneralEmailWire Press Releases  Press Release TipsEmployment/Careers  GeneralEngineering  GeneralEntertainment  GeneralEnvironment  GeneralEvents / Trade Shows  GeneralFinance  GeneralFood  GeneralFranchise  GeneralFraud / Identity Theft  GeneralGaming  GeneralGovernment  General  Judicial  Law Enforcement  Legislative  Local  National  Public Services  Security  State  TransportationHealthcare  GeneralHome and Family  Banking / Personal Finance  Bereavement / Loss  Home Furnishings / Interiors  Landscaping & Gardening  Marriage / Relationships  Money  Parenting  Payday Loans  Pets  Taxes  Wedding / BridalHome Schooling  GeneralHotels/Resorts  GeneralHousehold  GeneralIndustry  Aerospace / Defense  Agriculture  Apparel / Textiles  Broadcast  Construction / Building  Electrical  Food  Funeral  Healthcare  Leisure / Hospitality  Logistics / Shipping  Manufacturing / Production  Mining / Metals  Oil / Energy  Paper / Forest Products  Plumbing, Heating & AC  Print Media  Printing  Publishing  Radio  Restaurants  Tobacco  ToyInsurance  GeneralInternet/Online  GeneralLegal  GeneralLeisure  GeneralLifestyle  Beauty  Dating / Singles  Diet / Weight Loss  Fashion  Food / Beverage  Health & Fitness  Hotel / Resorts  Pastimes  Restaurants  Retirement  Travel & TourismMachinery  GeneralMaritime  GeneralMedical  Addiction  Allergies  Alternative Medicine  Asthma  Cancer  Cardiology  Chiropractic  Dental  Dermatology  Diabetes  Emergency  Family Medicine  General  General  Geriatrics  Hospitals  Infectious Diseases  Internal Medicine  Managed Care / HMO  Medical Products  Mental Health  Neurology  Nursing  Nutrition  OB / GYN  Pediatrics  Pharmaceuticals  Physical Therapy  Plastic Surgery  Psychology  Radiology / Imaging  Research  Sports Medicine  Surgery  VisionMilitary  GeneralMining/Metals  GeneralMiscellaneous  GeneralNanotechnology  NanotechnologyNon-profit  GeneralOccupational Safety  Occupational SafetyOil/Energy  GeneralOpinion / Editorial  Opinion / EditorialPaper Products  GeneralPaper/Forest  GeneralPharmaceuticals  GeneralPodcasting  Announce  Tools and ServicesPolitics  PoliticsPrint Media  GeneralPublic Utilities  Public UtilitiesPublishing  GeneralRadio  GeneralReal Estate  GeneralReligion  Christian  General  Islam  Jewish  OtherRestaurants  GeneralRetail  GeneralRSS & Content Syndication  RSS & Content SyndicationScience and Research  Science and ResearchSelf-Help / Personal Growth  Self-Help / Personal GrowthShipbuilding  GeneralSociety  African American Interests  Asian Interests  Childrens Issues  Disabled Issues / Disabilities  Gay / Lesbian  Hispanic  Mens Interests  Native American  Senior Citizens  Social Services  Teen Issues/Interests  Womens InterestSoftware  GeneralSports  Baseball  Basketball  Bicycling  Boating / Maritime  Bowling  Boxing  Fishing  Football  Golf  Hockey  Hunting  Martial Arts  Outdoors  Rugby  Soccer  Tennis  Water  Winter/SnowSports/Fitness  GeneralStocks  GeneralSupermarkets  GeneralTechnology  Biotechnology  Computer  Electronics  Enterprise Software  Games  Graphics/Printing/CAD  Hardware / Peripherals  Industrial  Information  Internet  Multimedia  Networking  Public Sector/Government  Robotics  Semiconductor  Software  Telecommunications  WebmastersTelecom  General  WirelessTelevision  GeneralTobacco  GeneralTrade  GeneralTransportation  GeneralTravel  GeneralUtilities  GeneralVolunteer  VolunteerWeather  Weather Advertising | How to contact us | Privacy Statement | EmailWire Press Releases | Partnership Opportunities EmailWire is a press release distribution service of GroupWeb Media LLC. © Copyright GroupWeb Media LLC 2017
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Streetwise The Aging Market’s Meltup Continues The bull market has gone 84 sessions without a daily decline of 1% or more. How long can that last, given Washington’s chaos? By Kopin Tan Biography Updated Feb. 11, 2017 1:25 a.m. ET As age-defying stunts go, our mature bull market has gone 84 sessions—and counting—without a single daily decline of 1% or more, notwithstanding an onslaught of executive orders from President Donald Trump, nationwide protests, constitutional confrontations, disquieting headlines, fake news, alternative facts, and the crippling embarrassment that are the New York Knicks. You still think Roger Federer and Tom Brady are such hot stuff? The Standard & Poor’s 500 index hasn’t seen a feat of such stamina and resolve since 2006,... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Celgene Shows Savvy as Gilead Keeps Backsliding Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Apple’s AirPods Could Be Pioneering a Whole New Product Category Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Apple: It’s No Longer About the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Fed Signals to Investors It’s Safe to Buy Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Express Scripts Stock Hardly Looks Healthy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Do This Before You Sign Up for a 401(k) 2 The Case Against a Savings Account 3 Why a Credit Union Is Better Than a Bank Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sign in to comment!Login Fox Nation Home News Politics Culture Wars Disgrace on Campus Celebs Funny Watters World #FoxNation Library Archive Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Menu Home Fox Nation Close - BREAKING NEWS - Politics Trump: I Read The Wall Will Cost More Than Gov Originally Said. But I Haven't Gotten Involved Yet Published February 11, 2017 Facebook0 Twitter0 livefyre0 Email Print AP Donald Trump responded via Twitter to news that his proposed border wall would cost more than the government initially estimated. The President took exception to this claim stating that he hasn't even gotten involved in the negotiations yet. Citing his dealings with Boeing and Lockheed-Martin, Mr. Trump promised that the price will come "WAY DOWN!" I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the.....— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 11, 2017 ...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 11, 2017 From the Channel Fox News Go Fox News Go 24 Hours of Fair and Balanced news coverage Check your TV service provider to stream from your computer Sound Off on Fox Nation 0 comments Chat Now Load more Get our Daily Newsletter Fox Nation Back to Top Home News Politics Culture Wars Disgrace on Campus Celebs Funny Watters World #FoxNation Library Archive This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - Ad Choices - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 35377 66 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest From Boeing and Nordstrom to Uber and Starbucks: What company is next to feel a Trump-era hit? Between tweeting president and angry consumers, businesses forced to adapt to a hyper-politicized climate. Post to Facebook From Boeing and Nordstrom to Uber and Starbucks: What company is next to feel a Trump-era hit? Between tweeting president and angry consumers, businesses forced to adapt to a hyper-politicized climate.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kwkgbL {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 48 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs From Boeing and Nordstrom to Uber and Starbucks: What company is next to feel a Trump-era hit? Aamer Madhani , USA TODAY Published 6:04 a.m. ET Feb. 11, 2017 | Updated 6:51 p.m. ET Feb. 15, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Despite the initial market rally under Trump, Goldman Sachs analysts say the president's policies may actually "be disruptive for financial markets and the real economy." Time Intel CEO Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with President Donald Trump at the White House February 8, 2017 in Washington, DC. Krzanich announced an investment of $7 billion to finishing building a factory in Chandler, Arizona to create advanced semi-conductor chips. (Photo: Pool, Getty Images) 35377 CONNECTTWEET 66 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE The early days of Donald Trump's presidency has crystallized one thing for corporate America: Doing business in the shadow of the 45th president is going to be a delicate balancing act. Facing pressure from anti-Trump consumers and the presence of a commander-in-chief who wields a Twitter account from which he has already sent market-moving tweets, corporate America is trying to to adapt to an increasingly unpredictable and hyper-politicized business climate. “I don’t think there is any way for companies to hide or run away from this political scrutiny anymore,” said Daniel Korschun, an associate professor of marketing at Drexel University in Philadelphia. “My advice to CEOs is to have the difficult conversations about what you stand for as a company. They need to figure out where do they have consensus among their constituents on key political issues, so they are ready for the inevitable.” Already, top executives are finding a tricky playing-field when offering their observations about Trump or coming under unsought attention from the president. Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank and the company’s star endorser Steph Curry were awkwardly at odds in public after the executive of the sports apparel company described Trump as an “asset” to the U.S. The basketball player retorted that he agreed with the Plank description “if you drop the et.” Celebrity Under Armour endorsers, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and Misty Copeland,  followed with their own criticism of Plank for his comments about Trump. Plank on Wednesday followed up with a full-page advertisement in The Baltimore Sun, saying his words last week "did not accurately reflect my intent." Shares of H&R Block fell Wednesday after Trump singled out the tax preparation company in his pitch for his upcoming tax revision-and-simplification plan. "We're going to simplify the tax code," Trump told a group of retail company CEOs in a morning meeting. "It's too complicated. In fact, H&R Block probably won't be too happy. That's one business that won't be too happy." After Trump's comment, the stock fell nearly 3% in late morning trading before rebounding. Shares ended the day down 0.8%. The Under Armour brouhaha followed Trump's Twitter rebuke of Nordstrom for dropping his daughter Ivanka Trump’s line of clothing and shoes. Trump blasts Nordstrom after it dumps Ivanka's fashion line Nordstrom said the decision to drop the first daughter’s line was simply a business move that reflected slumping sales. That didn’t stop Trump from blasting the retailer for “unfairly” treating his daughter or White House press secretary Sean Spicer to suggest that the Nordstrom move was a response to Trump’s policies. Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway also publicly urged the nation to buy Ivanka Trump fashions online — advice that prompted ethics criticism and admonitions. After initially dropping 1% after Trump’s tweet on Wednesday, Nordstrom shares rose more than 4% for the day, and ended the week 2.5% higher at $45. My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 John DiMarco, an associate professor of communications at St. John's University in New York, said that Nordstrom deserves points for attempting to use a very Trump-like message to justify their move. "How could Donald Trump argue with a company acting on poor performance?" DiMarco said. Motorola Solutions experienced how simply raising the specter of raising Trump's ire can have ramifications. The Chicago-area based company's stock dipped by more than 5% last week after a short seller urged Trump — who has previously taken to Twitter to rail against government contractors he feels are overcharging — to scrutinize the telecom company’s pricing of radios to U.S. law enforcement agencies. (In December, the then president-elect sent shares of Boeing and Lockheed Martin tumbling after tweeting complaints about government contracts with the aerospace companies.) In this Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, photo, shoppers walk into a Nordstrom store in Pittsburgh.  (Photo: Gene J. Puskar, AP) Further complicating the terrain for corporate executives, Trump backers and opponents are running increasingly aggressive campaigns on social media, pressuring companies to get in line with their political ideology or face the prospect of consumers shopping elsewhere. The anti-Trump #GrabYourWallet campaign currently lists more than 60 companies that either are owned or operated by Trump’s family, sell Trump-branded products or whose top executives supported the president’s run for the White House. On the other end of the political spectrum, the conservative group 2nd Vote is pressing companies, such as retailer Macy’s, to resist calls to dump Ivanka Trump products. The group is also encouraging coffee drinkers to ditch Starbucks after its founder Howard Schultz rebuked Trump’s executive order restricting travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries and vowed to hire 10,000 refugees at shops worldwide. Starbucks does not appear to be fearful that its stance is hurting its bottom-line. “We’ve been very pleased and energized to see the strong response from customers in support of this effort,” said Starbucks spokeswoman Linda Mills, who compared to refugee hiring pledge to Schultz’s earlier campaigns to hire veterans and high-risk youth. “Our stores are as busy as ever. That said, we make decisions based on our mission, values and heritage and we recognize that sometimes there are some who may disagree with us.” After Citron Research’s Andrew Left accused Motorola of price gouging last week and suggested that the company’s practices wouldn’t sit well with Trump, the company quickly fired back that “Citron has made numerous false and misleading statements.” It doesn’t appear that Trump, at least yet, has taken notice of the Citron salvo. Motorola’s stock, however, which had gained about 30% in the year prior to this week, saw its biggest intraday trading dip since May following the publication of Left’s analysis. Motorola CEO Greg Brown said in an interview that Trump has added a new, sometimes unpredictable, dimension to the U.S. business climate — one which he said he’s cautiously optimistic will be a good thing. He praised the president for consistent rhetoric on tax reform and relaxing regulations. “I think what Trump has been saying (to the business community) is, ‘You have to be on your toes,’” Brown told USA TODAY. “I personally like that -- not be paranoid or on edge, but on your toes. We should be.” Following Trump’s signing of an executive order restricting travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries, Uber Technologies faced the ire of users of the ride-hailing app, when it announced it would cut surge pricing at John F. Kennedy International Airport, after taxi drivers had gone on strike to protest the Trump travel ban. The hashtag #deleteuber surged in popularity, as customers who saw the move as undercutting the taxi drivers' protest cancelled their accounts in protest. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick faced further scrutiny for agreeing to participate in a White House economic advisory council. Last week, in the midst of the growing storm, Kalanick announced he was quitting the council and sought to distance himself from Trump’s immigration stance. Starbucks will hire 10,000 refugees, starting in U.S. Trump lauds Intel's $7B plan to finish closed plant Jonah Berger, an associate professor at the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania, says that some corporations might do well by approaching Trump as a “marketing channel for their own use.” Berger pointed to Intel, whose chief executive Brian Krzanich who last week used a meeting with Trump to announce the company was investing $7 billion to finish building a factory in Arizona. That project was conceived in 2011. President Obama even visited the site in 2012 when construction had begun, but the project was mothballed in 2014 as sales of personal computers declined. Krzanich, who has criticized the Trump travel ban as bad for business, said that the decision to restart the project was in part driven by “the tax and regulatory policies we see the administration pushing forward.” Berger expressed skepticism that Trump’s tax talk was much of a driver in the Intel decision. But giving the newly-elected president some credit gave the Intel project much greater exposure than it would have otherwise received. “Did they restart it because of Trump? Maybe.” Berger said. “Or was this something they were already doing and said, ‘Let’s hold on. This is a great photo op for us, and we can let Trump amplify our message.’ This was an example of a company not changing its behavior, but using Trump as a smart PR opportunity to get more mileage for stuff they are already doing.” Follow USA TODAY Chicago correspondent Aamer Madhani on Twitter: @AamerISmad 35377 CONNECTTWEET 66 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kwkgbL
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Streetwise The Aging Market’s Meltup Continues The bull market has gone 84 sessions without a daily decline of 1% or more. How long can that last, given Washington’s chaos? By Kopin Tan Biography Updated Feb. 11, 2017 1:25 a.m. ET As age-defying stunts go, our mature bull market has gone 84 sessions—and counting—without a single daily decline of 1% or more, notwithstanding an onslaught of executive orders from President Donald Trump, nationwide protests, constitutional confrontations, disquieting headlines, fake news, alternative facts, and the crippling embarrassment that are the New York Knicks. You still think Roger Federer and Tom Brady are such hot stuff? The Standard & Poor’s 500 index hasn’t seen a feat of such stamina and resolve since 2006,... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Celgene Shows Savvy as Gilead Keeps Backsliding Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Apple’s AirPods Could Be Pioneering a Whole New Product Category Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Apple: It’s No Longer About the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Fed Signals to Investors It’s Safe to Buy Stocks Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Express Scripts Stock Hardly Looks Healthy Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Do This Before You Sign Up for a 401(k) 2 The Case Against a Savings Account 3 Why a Credit Union Is Better Than a Bank Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 35377 66 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest From Boeing and Nordstrom to Uber and Starbucks: What company is next to feel a Trump-era hit? Between tweeting president and angry consumers, businesses forced to adapt to a hyper-politicized climate. Post to Facebook From Boeing and Nordstrom to Uber and Starbucks: What company is next to feel a Trump-era hit? Between tweeting president and angry consumers, businesses forced to adapt to a hyper-politicized climate.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2kwkgbL {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 48 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs From Boeing and Nordstrom to Uber and Starbucks: What company is next to feel a Trump-era hit? Aamer Madhani , USA TODAY Published 6:04 a.m. ET Feb. 11, 2017 | Updated 6:51 p.m. ET Feb. 15, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Despite the initial market rally under Trump, Goldman Sachs analysts say the president's policies may actually "be disruptive for financial markets and the real economy." Time Intel CEO Brian Krzanich speaks during a meeting with President Donald Trump at the White House February 8, 2017 in Washington, DC. Krzanich announced an investment of $7 billion to finishing building a factory in Chandler, Arizona to create advanced semi-conductor chips. (Photo: Pool, Getty Images) 35377 CONNECTTWEET 66 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE The early days of Donald Trump's presidency has crystallized one thing for corporate America: Doing business in the shadow of the 45th president is going to be a delicate balancing act. Facing pressure from anti-Trump consumers and the presence of a commander-in-chief who wields a Twitter account from which he has already sent market-moving tweets, corporate America is trying to to adapt to an increasingly unpredictable and hyper-politicized business climate. “I don’t think there is any way for companies to hide or run away from this political scrutiny anymore,” said Daniel Korschun, an associate professor of marketing at Drexel University in Philadelphia. “My advice to CEOs is to have the difficult conversations about what you stand for as a company. They need to figure out where do they have consensus among their constituents on key political issues, so they are ready for the inevitable.” Already, top executives are finding a tricky playing-field when offering their observations about Trump or coming under unsought attention from the president. Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank and the company’s star endorser Steph Curry were awkwardly at odds in public after the executive of the sports apparel company described Trump as an “asset” to the U.S. The basketball player retorted that he agreed with the Plank description “if you drop the et.” Celebrity Under Armour endorsers, Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson and Misty Copeland,  followed with their own criticism of Plank for his comments about Trump. Plank on Wednesday followed up with a full-page advertisement in The Baltimore Sun, saying his words last week "did not accurately reflect my intent." Shares of H&R Block fell Wednesday after Trump singled out the tax preparation company in his pitch for his upcoming tax revision-and-simplification plan. "We're going to simplify the tax code," Trump told a group of retail company CEOs in a morning meeting. "It's too complicated. In fact, H&R Block probably won't be too happy. That's one business that won't be too happy." After Trump's comment, the stock fell nearly 3% in late morning trading before rebounding. Shares ended the day down 0.8%. The Under Armour brouhaha followed Trump's Twitter rebuke of Nordstrom for dropping his daughter Ivanka Trump’s line of clothing and shoes. Trump blasts Nordstrom after it dumps Ivanka's fashion line Nordstrom said the decision to drop the first daughter’s line was simply a business move that reflected slumping sales. That didn’t stop Trump from blasting the retailer for “unfairly” treating his daughter or White House press secretary Sean Spicer to suggest that the Nordstrom move was a response to Trump’s policies. Trump senior adviser Kellyanne Conway also publicly urged the nation to buy Ivanka Trump fashions online — advice that prompted ethics criticism and admonitions. After initially dropping 1% after Trump’s tweet on Wednesday, Nordstrom shares rose more than 4% for the day, and ended the week 2.5% higher at $45. My daughter Ivanka has been treated so unfairly by @Nordstrom. She is a great person -- always pushing me to do the right thing! Terrible!— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 8, 2017 John DiMarco, an associate professor of communications at St. John's University in New York, said that Nordstrom deserves points for attempting to use a very Trump-like message to justify their move. "How could Donald Trump argue with a company acting on poor performance?" DiMarco said. Motorola Solutions experienced how simply raising the specter of raising Trump's ire can have ramifications. The Chicago-area based company's stock dipped by more than 5% last week after a short seller urged Trump — who has previously taken to Twitter to rail against government contractors he feels are overcharging — to scrutinize the telecom company’s pricing of radios to U.S. law enforcement agencies. (In December, the then president-elect sent shares of Boeing and Lockheed Martin tumbling after tweeting complaints about government contracts with the aerospace companies.) In this Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, photo, shoppers walk into a Nordstrom store in Pittsburgh.  (Photo: Gene J. Puskar, AP) Further complicating the terrain for corporate executives, Trump backers and opponents are running increasingly aggressive campaigns on social media, pressuring companies to get in line with their political ideology or face the prospect of consumers shopping elsewhere. The anti-Trump #GrabYourWallet campaign currently lists more than 60 companies that either are owned or operated by Trump’s family, sell Trump-branded products or whose top executives supported the president’s run for the White House. On the other end of the political spectrum, the conservative group 2nd Vote is pressing companies, such as retailer Macy’s, to resist calls to dump Ivanka Trump products. The group is also encouraging coffee drinkers to ditch Starbucks after its founder Howard Schultz rebuked Trump’s executive order restricting travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries and vowed to hire 10,000 refugees at shops worldwide. Starbucks does not appear to be fearful that its stance is hurting its bottom-line. “We’ve been very pleased and energized to see the strong response from customers in support of this effort,” said Starbucks spokeswoman Linda Mills, who compared to refugee hiring pledge to Schultz’s earlier campaigns to hire veterans and high-risk youth. “Our stores are as busy as ever. That said, we make decisions based on our mission, values and heritage and we recognize that sometimes there are some who may disagree with us.” After Citron Research’s Andrew Left accused Motorola of price gouging last week and suggested that the company’s practices wouldn’t sit well with Trump, the company quickly fired back that “Citron has made numerous false and misleading statements.” It doesn’t appear that Trump, at least yet, has taken notice of the Citron salvo. Motorola’s stock, however, which had gained about 30% in the year prior to this week, saw its biggest intraday trading dip since May following the publication of Left’s analysis. Motorola CEO Greg Brown said in an interview that Trump has added a new, sometimes unpredictable, dimension to the U.S. business climate — one which he said he’s cautiously optimistic will be a good thing. He praised the president for consistent rhetoric on tax reform and relaxing regulations. “I think what Trump has been saying (to the business community) is, ‘You have to be on your toes,’” Brown told USA TODAY. “I personally like that -- not be paranoid or on edge, but on your toes. We should be.” Following Trump’s signing of an executive order restricting travel from seven predominantly Muslim countries, Uber Technologies faced the ire of users of the ride-hailing app, when it announced it would cut surge pricing at John F. Kennedy International Airport, after taxi drivers had gone on strike to protest the Trump travel ban. The hashtag #deleteuber surged in popularity, as customers who saw the move as undercutting the taxi drivers' protest cancelled their accounts in protest. Uber CEO Travis Kalanick faced further scrutiny for agreeing to participate in a White House economic advisory council. Last week, in the midst of the growing storm, Kalanick announced he was quitting the council and sought to distance himself from Trump’s immigration stance. Starbucks will hire 10,000 refugees, starting in U.S. Trump lauds Intel's $7B plan to finish closed plant Jonah Berger, an associate professor at the Wharton School of Business at the University of Pennsylvania, says that some corporations might do well by approaching Trump as a “marketing channel for their own use.” Berger pointed to Intel, whose chief executive Brian Krzanich who last week used a meeting with Trump to announce the company was investing $7 billion to finish building a factory in Arizona. That project was conceived in 2011. President Obama even visited the site in 2012 when construction had begun, but the project was mothballed in 2014 as sales of personal computers declined. Krzanich, who has criticized the Trump travel ban as bad for business, said that the decision to restart the project was in part driven by “the tax and regulatory policies we see the administration pushing forward.” Berger expressed skepticism that Trump’s tax talk was much of a driver in the Intel decision. But giving the newly-elected president some credit gave the Intel project much greater exposure than it would have otherwise received. “Did they restart it because of Trump? Maybe.” Berger said. “Or was this something they were already doing and said, ‘Let’s hold on. This is a great photo op for us, and we can let Trump amplify our message.’ This was an example of a company not changing its behavior, but using Trump as a smart PR opportunity to get more mileage for stuff they are already doing.” Follow USA TODAY Chicago correspondent Aamer Madhani on Twitter: @AamerISmad 35377 CONNECTTWEET 66 LINKEDIN 48 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2kwkgbL
Skip to main content About Us Contact Submission Guidelines Permissions Advertising Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Foreign Policy Experts Roundtable Magazine Blogs Topics Regions Subscribe Sign In Register March-April 2017 Issue out now! Log In Subscribe TwitterFacebook Search The Buzz The U.S. Army Has a Terrifying Idea to Turn Its Apache Helicopters Into a Super Weapon Kris Osborn February 10, 2017 TweetShareShare The Army is expanding and accelerating Manned-Unmanned Teaming Has Allowed Apaches to Locate, Attack and Destroy Taliban Targets at Further Ranges. Army weapons developers are expanding and accelerating emerging technology for the Apache attack helicopter which enables crews to view real-time video feeds from nearby drones, control the drones’ flight path and therefore more effectively destroy enemy targets, service officials said. Manned-Unmanned Teaming, or MUM-T, gives AH-64E Apaches an ability to control the flight path and sensor payload of Army Shadow and Gray Eagle drones. As part of the continuation of the Army’s development of this technology, Boeing was awarded a $24 million contract for manned and unmanned teaming expanded compatibility on all Apache attack helicopter AH-64E configurations, a DoD announcement said.  Army officials say the combination of the Apache’s lethal weapons and the drones’ sensors enable helicopter crews to find and go after dynamic or fast-moving targets from further ranges. Manned-Unmanned Teaming was recently used with great success in Afghanistan by the 1-229th Attack Reconnaissance Battalion, Army officials said. In addition, Apache helicopters are providing air support to Iraqi Security Forces advancing on Mosul.  For instance, looking at real-time Electro-Optical/Infra-red images from drone cameras in the Apache cockpit gives crews an increased ability to, for instance, more effectively destroy groups of enemy fighters on the move in pick-up trucks or attack insurgents hiding near a known U.S. Army convoy route planning to launch an ambush. Manned-Unmanned Teaming was recently used with great success in Afghanistan by the 1-229th Attack Reconnaissance Battalion, Army officials said. “Now before the unit even deploys out of the Forward Arming Refueling Point, or FARP, they can actually bring up the UAS (drone) feed, look through the sensors and see the target they are going to attack up to 50 or 60 miles away,” Apache Program Manager Col. Jeff Hager told Scout Warrior in an interview last year.  Hager also explained that maintaining drone sensors on targets which can move and change gives the Apache crew an opportunity to make adjustments while en-route to a target location.   “They have full situational awareness on that target as they fly inbound and do not lose any data on that target on the way,” Hager added. “They don’t go into a situation where they are surprised.” Apache pilots in Afghanistan are now flying upgraded AH-64E-model helicopters which give the platform increased speed and performance.  In development for many years and now part of the operational force, the AH-64E models use a stronger 701D helicopter engine, composite rotor blades and next-generation communications technology and avionics. “The additional power and capability that the aircraft brings actually changes the face of the battlefield. Now they can close, maintain and assume contact activities with the enemy at a much faster rate. The enemy could time the amount of time it was going to take the Delta (“D” model Apache) models to get to them. We completely threw that out the window and they (the “E” model Apache crews) can get there much faster,” Hager explained. The ‘E” model is able to transport a larger amount of ammunition and fuel in what is described as “high-hot” conditions at altitudes of 6,000 feet and temperatures of 95-degrees or above.  The innovations built into the “E” model give the helicopter all of the technological advantages of its predecessor “D” model – yet at a lighter weight making it more maneuverable and effective. The AH-64E Apache is also 20 knots faster than the previous model and can reach speeds of 164 knots. The current “D” model Longbow Apache is heavier than the original “A” model helicopter; it carries the Longbow radar and significantly improved targeting and sensing technologies, however it lacks the transmission-to-power ratio and hard-landing ability of the initial “A” model. The AH-64E is engineered such that an advanced, high-tech aircraft the weight of the previous “D” model can have the power, performance and landing abilities of an original “A” model with a much lighter weight.  “One of the biggest values of the aircraft (“E” model) itself is the increased performance that we put back into the airframes, specifically from the composite rotor blades. We increased the power of the engines and improved the transmission. That gives the aircraft and Alpha (“A”-model”)-like performance that we have not seen in years,” Hager explained. “The aircraft is faster and more lethal.” In total, the Army plans to acquire 690 AH-64Es by 2025. The helicopters can carry 16 Hellfire missiles, 70 2.75mm rockets and 1,200 30mm chain gun rounds, service officials said. “We are getting super feedback from what they were doing over in combat. MUM-T has really changed the state of the battlefield,” Hager added. The AH-64E is highly mobile, lethal and can destroy armor, personnel and material targets in an obscured battlefield conditions at ranges out to 8-kilometers, an Army statement said. The “E” model also keep the millimeter wave fire control, radar frequency interferometer and targeting sensors engineered into previous Apache version, the statement continued. The AH-64E, which is manufactured by Boeing, was also praised by Boeing officials who report hearing favorable feedback from Army pilots who flew the helicopter in combat. “Its performance in 'high-hot' conditions made it able to go from point to point to the target where it was going, as opposed to having to go longer and down into a valley or up into a higher peak” Kim Smith, Vice President of Attack Helicopters, Boeing, said last year.  Pages 1 2 next › last » TweetShareShare Show full page View the discussion thread. Topics: TopicsSecurity Regions: More stories by: Kris Osborn The Fall Of Ma Ying-jeou The belief that those in power are using the court system to punish their opponents bespeaks a deep cynicism about Taiwanese politics.   J. Michael Cole America Needs an "Engage and Contain" Strategy for China Will the Trump administration develop the right grand strategy to deal with China and protect U.S. vital interests? Robert D. Blackwill Greece's Foreign Minister on Trump, Germany and the Future of Europe “In the EU, we have a deficit of leadership.” Jacob Heilbrunn Latest Issue March-April 2017 Prisoner of the Caucasus Table of Contents Subscribe Digital Edition Subscribe to our Newsletter Most Popular Get Ready, America: Russia Has Its Own Deadly 'Delta Force' Revealed: North Korea’s Legendary Special Operations Assassins (Who Almost Started World War III) Here Is Another Big Reason Why America's Mighty Missile Defenses Dominate How to Push Back Against China in the South China Sea Russia's Most Powerful Nuclear Attack Submarine Ever Is Almost Ready for Sea The Bizarre Reason Ukraine Could Be Facing a Legitimacy Crisis The U.S. Navy's Master Plan to Turn the Littoral Combat Ship into a Super Weapon Subscribe Access all of our articles all of the time. Subscribe today: 6 issues for $29.95 Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feed Subscribe to our Newsletter Back to top About Us Press Room Subscriptions Contact Us Jobs and Internships Advertising Submission Guidelines Permissions Masthead Home Magazine Blogs Security Society Economics Politics Global Governance Africa Americas Asia Eurasia Europe Middle East Oceania ©2017 The National Interest. All rights reserved. | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Boeing, Apple Dominate DJIA on Tuesday By Paul Ausick February 7, 2017 4:02 pm EDT Print Email Tweet February 7, 2017: Markets opened higher Tuesday and dipped very near the red zone before bouncing back up. The energy sector is the day’s big loser while consumer staples and technology kept the major indexes in the green. WTI crude oil for March delivery settled at $52.17 a barrel, down about 1.6% on the day. April gold added 0.3% on the day to settle at $1,236.10. Equities were headed for a higher close close shortly before the bell as the DJIA traded up 0.01% for the day, the S&P 500 traded up 0.16%, and the Nasdaq Composite traded up 0.16%. The DJIA stock posting the largest daily percentage gain ahead of the close Tuesday was The Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) which traded up 1.37% at $166.22. The stock’s 52-week range is $102.10 to $170.00. Volume was about equal to the daily average of around 3.4 million shares. The aerospace giant had no specific news. International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) traded up 1.36% at $178.25. The stock’s 52-week range is $116.90 to $179.25. Volume was about 20% below the daily average of around 3.8 million shares. The company had no specific news. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) traded up 0.93% at $131.51. The stock’s 52-week range is $89.47 to $132.09, a new 52-week high set Tuesday. Volume was about 10% above the daily average of around 31.6 million shares. The company had no specific news. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) traded up 0.84% at $66.96. The stock’s 52-week range is $62.35 to $75.19. Volume was about half the daily average of around 9 million shares. The company had no specific news. Of the Dow 30 stocks, 13 are on track to close higher Tuesday and 17 are set to close lower. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Paul Ausick « Why Sabre Earnings Might Not Be As Bad As First Thought Teva, Kors Stagger into Tuesday’s 52-Week Low Club » Read more: Investing, Dow Jones Industrial Average, market close, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA), International Business Machine... (NYSE:IBM), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular States With the Best (and Worst) Schools States With the Worst Roads Cities Where Crime Is Soaring The 25 Healthiest Cities in America The Most Dangerous Cars in America Recent How Adobe Earnings Are Pushing New All-Time Highs Thursday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Guess, Anthera Pharmaceuticals Dive into Thursday’s 52-Week Low Club DuPont, Chevron Take DJIA Down Thursday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Forget Amazon.com, Macy's Says This Is the Bigger Threat to Its Business GoPro Finally Coming to Grips With the Need to Be a More Focused Company Why This Market Researcher Lowered Its Revenue Expectations for Snap Adobe reports adjusted earnings of 94 cents a share on revenue of $1.68 billion Nasdaq Composite closes flat at around 5,900 S&P 500 finishes off 0.2%; Dow ends near break-even level Snap shares drop 4 percent, fall below $20 for the first time Asia stocks set to end week higher, dollar slides after Fed Caterpillar seeks ex-U.S. attorney general's help over govt probe Trump Puts Business Experience in the Pentagon Nutella Maker Looks to Spread in U.S. Market With Fannie May Deal Team Trump: Yellen and Mnuchin Head to G20 Hawaii Is Totally Down For That Whole #BoycottHawaii Thing Food Stamp Recipients Increasingly Are The Working Poor Trump's Budget Would Have Dire Effects On Local And Regional Arts Programs Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Bangkok Post News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More The world's window on Thailand | Log in Sign up Web search MENU Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Everything News & article Image VDO Forum Directory Calendar Jobs Archive Advanced search ARCHIVE THAI staff demand S44 graft probe 13 Feb 2017 at 04:30 Copy text Save PDF Email Print text A protester demands an end to corruption, and a Super Poll released Sunday said a majority of Thais believe Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha is trying to bring honesty into government. (Post Today photo) A group of Thai Airways International (THAI) employees have called on Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha to exercise his power under Section 44 to probe the national carrier's procurement contracts to see if any were tainted by graft. The content shown above is only a small part of the full content, which we reserve for Bangkok Post digital archive subscription members. Please log in or subscribe below to get the full content. Digital archive subscription Log in Content information Writer Post Reporters Published date on website 13 Feb 2017 Last updated date 13 Feb 2017 Copyrights Bangkok Post Disclaimer Did you find what you were looking for? Have you got some comments for us? News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices How Trump’s use of Twitter is creating credit risk for companies MarketWatch Ciara Linnane 2/12/2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 9 things that crush the value of your home The Russian oligarchs buying up the world © Provided by Dow Jones & Company, Inc. President Donald Trump’s habit of using Twitter to criticize or praise individual companies for perceived opposition to or support of his policies is not just weighing on shares. Quotes in the article Rexnord Corp RXN ▲ 24.34 +0.41 +1.71% Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV FCAU ▲ 11.58 +0.26 +2.30% SPX Corp SPXC ▼ 24.47 -0.30 -1.21% United Technologies Corp UTX ▼ 112.34 -0.74 -0.65% The president’s unprecedented communication style has introduced a new dynamic to markets and affected the implied credit risk for individual companies, for better or worse, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. “This latest dynamic in presidential communication introduces a new factor to the monitoring of daily credit risk,” said Jim Elder, director of corporate and financial institutions at S&P. As the chart below illustrates, Trump’s comments are affecting S&P’s probability of default, or PD, moving the needle in either a positive or negative direction.© Provided by Dow Jones & Company, Inc. In the case of United Technologies Corp.’s (UTX) air conditioning unit Carrier, a Trump tweet on Nov. 24 suggesting he was in talks with the company to keep 1,400 jobs in Indiana, caused the company’s one-year forward-looking probability of default, or PD, to fall 17.5% between Nov. 23 and Nov. 25. Such moves can impact the cost of its borrowing and the worth of its debt already in circulation. Then there was industrial company Rexnord Corp. (RXN) which was lambasted in a Dec. 3 tweet for its plan to move production of industrial bearings to a plant in Mexico from Indianapolis. Rexnord’s PD rose by 11.9% from Dec. 2 to Dec. 5. Toyoya Motor Corp. (JP:7203) was slammed Jan. 5 and threatened with a border tax for building Corollas in Mexico. The Japanese car maker’s PD increased by 26.2% between Jan. 4 and Jan. 6. “Seemingly learning from Toyota’s experiences, Fiat Chrysler (FCAU)drew Trump’s praise on Jan. 9 for planning to build a $1 billion plant in the U.S. and saw its PD drop by 15.3% between January 6-10,” said Elder. Aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin Corp. (LMT)drew Trump’s ire Dec. 22 for the price of its F-35 stealth fighter jet, sending its PD up 10.9% between Dec. 21 and Dec. 23. The good news is that fundamentals can still offset the impact of a Trump tweet. For example, a Dec. 6 tweet directed at Boeing Co. (BA) regarding an Air Force One contract sent its stock down 1% immediately after the tweet was published. But the stock recovered to close in the black by the end of day, largely because the company explained in a statement that it is “currently in contracts totaling approximately $170 million for the initial design and engineering work” needed before production—not the $4 billion dollar figure President Trump quoted. That is less than 0.2% of 2016 revenues, and was not viewed as representing a material increase in credit risk, which fell nearly 12% between Dec. 5-7. Then there was General Motors Co. (GM)tweeted at for producing the Chevy Cruze in Mexico. That news was outweighed by GM’s announcement of a big December sales jump. The company’s PD fell 17.9% between Jan. 2-4. On Jan. 9, Trump sent a positive tweet about Ford Motor Co. (F) for bringing 700 jobs to Michigan after canceling plans for a Mexico factory. That news was offset by Ford’s negative guidance on Jan. 10 for declines in per-share earnings in 2017 relative to 2016. That company’s PD rose 3.8% between Jan. 8-10. Perhaps the best example of a tweet failing to nail its target, one not mentioned in the S&P report, is Nordstrom Inc. (JWN) which Trump described as ‘Terrible!’ in a tweet this week for dropping his daughter Ivanka’s product line. The news sent the stock down about 1%, but it took just four minutes to bounce back and end the day up 3%. It extended those gains the following day and is up 2.9% on the week, outperforming the S&P 500 (SPX) , which is up 0.9%. Don’t miss:Nordstrom recovers from Trump’s ‘Terrible!’ tweet in just 4 minutes See also: Trump counselor Conway violates ethics laws, congressional leaders say “We will continue to watch these indicators to see whether short-term risk dislocation leads to longer-term fundamental shifts in risk for firms and industries due to new regulations,” said Elder. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Marketwatch Roth or traditional IRA? For max contributors, it's no contest MarketWatch Why a lot of fancy math can't help investors beat the market MarketWatch FTSE 100 closes at record high as miners surge after Fed meeting MarketWatch MarketWatch View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
OBITUARIES VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos Homes For Sale For Rent Jobs CELEBRATIONS VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Place An Ad Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Classifieds VIEW OBITUARIES PLACE AN OBITUARY Classifieds Autos For Sale For Rent Jobs VIEW CELEBRATIONS PLACE A CELEBRATION Self-Serve Contact & Deadlines Newspaper Ads Subscribe Manage Subscriptions Home News B.C. National World Opinion Blogs Letters Business Sports Entertainment Go! Life Islander Horoscope | Crossword Travel Homes Driving Magazines Flyers E-edition WEB EDITION SIGN-IN B.C. National World LATEST NEWS: Fire damage to home under renovation estimated at $200,000 RCMP: Sooke man in organized crime, victim of targeted killing First doctor thrown out of B.C. Medical Services Plan loses court case Esquimalt gas station robbed, paramedic attacked at hospital; man faces charges NDP’s lead over Liberals widens slightly in latest poll data Colwood Corners project rolls in fall Jack Knox: After a week in the sun, the flight from hell Jack Knox / Times Colonist February 12, 2017 06:00 AM  Times Colonist  A passenger checks his cellphone while boarding a flight. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum, File) Previous Next FILE - In this Thursday, Oct. 31, 201 file photo, a passenger checks his cell phone while boarding a flight, in Boston. The Federal Communications Commission might be ready to permit cellphone calls in flight. Old concerns about electronics being a danger to airplane navigation have been debunked. And carriers could make some extra cash charging passengers to call a loved one from 35,000 feet. But that extra money might not be worth the backlash from fliers who view overly-chatty neighbors as another inconvenience to go along with smaller seats and stuffed overhead bins. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum, File) Climbed on a passenger jet the other day, which is what you do for penance after a week in the sun. The ordeal was pretty much as anticipated. The pleasant woman in the next seat smiled and introduced herself by saying “I have bronchitis” (I’m not making this up), while the children seated behind me behaved exactly as any preschooler trapped in place for five hours would be expected to behave. The flight itself was as turbulent as a Sean Spicer news conference. Every now and then a carry-on bag the size of a small East German automobile would tumble out of an overhead bin and brain someone into unconsciousness, making other passengers envious. For those who didn’t download their own entertainment, the in-flight movie was a documentary (Pulp Friction: The Crofton Mill Strike of 1970), though it’s impossible to say whether it was as fascinating as it sounds, as the picture quality was reminiscent of that of the first moon landing, breaking up worse than Brad and Angelina. Likewise, the audio system featured a selection of music channels with names like Easy Listening Favourites and Lite Country Classics, though only two — Medication Time and Stranded Elevator Purgatory — sounded like anything other than a man being murdered by chainsaw at the bottom of a deep, deep well. Some passengers had picked up a tummy bug on vacation, so the washroom lineup resembled a Costco checkout on a rainy Sunday afternoon, though Costco shoppers don’t have to worry about crawling into the lap of an aisle-seat stranger to allow the flight attendant’s cart to squeeze past like an ambulance threading its way through the Colwood Crawl. The cart allows people who just spent a week or two becoming addicted to cheap liquor by the pool to eagerly guzzle drinks sold at a markup that would make a loan shark turn pink at the ears from embarrassment. Ditto for food priced 10 times what the airline paid for it when Canada’s troops left Afghanistan. (No freebies on this flight; some carriers now charge passengers for the kind of meal that would start a prison riot.) To repeat, all this was expected, and would have been endurable were it not for one thing: the seats. Unless you’re one of those who sprawl smugly/guiltily at the front of the plane as the rest of us shuffle toward the sheep pens, your seat is going to be cramped. We all know this. But there is cramped, and then there’s cramped. On this plane, I couldn’t even untie my shoes. Battery chickens get more elbow room. Barely tilting forward, I could use the seat back in front of me as a chin rest and read the phone of the woman in the row ahead of that (she’s having an affair!). The bigger you were, the grimmer it got. A towering man was basically trapped in the fetal position, knees to nostrils, for the entire journey. He appeared to have been baled up by a garbage compactor. For all I know, it might be permanent. The seat squeeze is not new, but it is getting worse. Airlines are carrying more passengers, meaning fewer opportunities to stretch into vacant seats. Carriers keep finding ways — such as installing thinner, less comfortable cushions — to shoehorn in more chairs. In 2015, Fortune magazine reported the average seat pitch — the space between the back of one seat and the back of another — had shrunk to 31 inches from 35 in a generation. Some were as tight as 28. Seat widths withered, too. The Wall Street Journal reported that by 2012, more than two-thirds of Boeing 777s were delivered with rows 10 seats abreast, up from the standard nine. We also learned last year that new Boeing 737 economy seats, patterned after office furniture, will take tight confines into account — things like not having to bend over to plug in electronics, as the outlets will be over the tray. Oh good, not being able to bend over is now part of the design. The congestion causes conflict. Note that in 2014, a United jet made an unscheduled landing after a passenger’s use of a Knee Defender — a device that prevents the person in front of you from leaning back — led to an in-flight fight. Air Canada and WestJet have banned the gizmos, though many passengers now deem it socially unacceptable to recline your seat, as it is impossible to do so without ramming a tray into the gut of the person behind you. OK, I should not complain. I got a week in the sun, was nice and rested up for last week’s snow dump. Moaning about the airplane seats seems churlish, like berating Noah for the tiny staterooms on the ark. So I’ll stop whining, just as soon as the feeling returns to my legs. © Copyright Times Colonist Email to a Friend Your Email Address: * Your Name: * To Email Address: * Message: * * Please separate multiple email addresses with the semi-colon character. Close next Trafficker says he met with the Honduran president's brother › next Don’t Miss ›› daily ›› Your daily horoscope ›› Today’s obituaries ›› Daily crossword online ›› E-edition of today’s newspaper ›› Sign up for the free newsletter GET THE TIMES COLONIST DAILY NEWSLETTER Get the day's top Times Colonist headlines emailed to you every day at 9 a.m. Times Colonist on Twitter Times Colonist on Twitter Community Event Calendar Find out what's happening in your community and submit your own local events. Add an event See all community events Most Popular Top News Top Business Top Sports Esquimalt gas station robbed, paramedic attacked at hospital; man faces charges Sooke man’s death treated as homicide, mother says Colwood Corners project rolls in fall RCMP: Sooke man in organized crime, victim of targeted killing Marina at Songhees taking shape 2 federal judges find new Trump travel ban discriminatory Saanich-based search-and-rescue society target of lawsuit First doctor thrown out of B.C. Medical Services Plan loses court case Les Leyne: Independent MLA bows out after making history How building McKenzie interchange will change Cuthbert Holmes Park Marina at Songhees taking shape B.C. Ferries planning new shuttle-class vessels TSX closes 41 points higher as Canada Goose shares take off in IPO Wrongful dismissal nets fired Oak Bay Marina employee $89,349 New marina taking shape in Victoria Harbour Shuttle ferries may ease overloads UVic Vice President’s Guide to Managing Change Job fair to offer wide range of opportunities Stock markets rise in Asia, Europe; U.S. dollar weakens TSX, Wall Street rally as U.S. Federal Reserve hikes interest rates UVic Vikes hockey team back on title path Sanchez: 'No hard feelings' after Jays renew him at minimum Will Wave wash over Jackson Cup? Kerry Park Islanders hoping for more magic in VIJHL playoffs Province lends helping hand for women's rugby sevens event Longtime NHL coach Mike Keenan hired by Chinese team NHL commissioner Gary Bettman confirms he's had talks with Calgary mayor Junior Gudz shines at inaugural Vikes Performance Tour stop Victoria Royals limping down the stretch Marchand scores league-leading 36th goal, Bruins snap Flames' 10-game win streak Your timescolonist.com More News GET A JOB DELIVERING TC FLYERS The Times Colonist is looking for people to deliver flyers every Thursday ... News And Tools Life News Obituaries Newspaper Ads Job Listings Car Listings Properties For Sale Place An Ad Infomart Other myLOCALFLYERS.ca About Us Subscribe Victoria Early Years Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms and Conditions Sponsorship Information Connect Back to top Glacier Community Media © Copyright 2013-2017 TC Publication Limited Partnership. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sponsored content is content which is paid for and has been written by or on behalf of an advertiser. For more information on sponsored content, contact us at tshoults@glaciermedia.ca.
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Azerbaijan continues ceasefire violations 14:31 • 12.02.17 Tweet Last night, the Azerbaijani forces committed about 35 ceasefire violations on the Line of Contact and fired over 430 shots at the Armenian positions. In the eastern direction, the Azerbaijani forces used 60- and 82-mm mortars (five shots). The advance forces remain in control of the situation. Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 16:21 • 15/03 Putin highly praises developing partnership with Armenia 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:11 • 14/03 Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen 16:43 • 14/03 World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:20 • 14/03 French ambassador hails cooperation with Armenia 15:48 • 14/03 Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit 13:52 • 14/03 New EU-Armenia deal outlines frameworks of broad cooperation and dialogue – official 11:46 • 14/03 Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president 11:25 • 14/03 Turkey targets Dutch with diplomatic sanctions as 'Nazi' row escalates 11:16 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece 11:06 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:57 • 14/03 OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact 10:26 • 14/03 Russia wishes to further strengthen ties with Armenia – Serzh Sargsyan 09:00 • 14/03 Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row 08:38 • 14/03 British Parliament passes Brexit bill 17:33 • 13/03 Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion 17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 17:04 • 13/03 By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort 16:54 • 13/03 Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador 15:51 • 13/03 Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 15:40 • 13/03 Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 14:36 • 13/03 IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin 13:00 • 13/03 Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters 12:45 • 13/03 Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union 12:21 • 13/03 Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 11:41 • 13/03 Both Russia and West interested in Armenian elections – political engineer   10:55 • 13/03 Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones 10:27 • 13/03 Armenia can potentially increase trade turnover with Iran to $1bn - premier 09:54 • 13/03 Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline 09:34 • 13/03 Big data unites study of stars with cancer research 09:25 • 13/03 HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman 09:19 • 13/03 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 08:40 • 13/03 2016 worst year for children in Syria   18:16 • 11/03 Eurasian integration saved Armenia from negative impact of Russian economic crisis  - minister 17:41 • 11/03 Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder 17:30 • 11/03 Russia has real potential to resolve Karabakh conflict - analyst 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 16:53 • 11/03 Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) 16:41 • 11/03 Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister 16:26 • 11/03 Russia determined to defend Armenia against aggression – expert 15:51 • 11/03 Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:54 • 11/03 Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children 14:35 • 11/03 Minister turned oppositionist pledges ‘fight’ against election-rigging 13:58 • 11/03 Russia-Turkey create joint investment fund 13:40 • 11/03 Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh have to react adequately to Azerbaijani aggression – minister 13:04 • 11/03 Turkish FM says threatens sanctions if Netherlands cancels flights   12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   12:24 • 11/03 World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 12:00 • 11/03 Azerbaijan watchdog suspension puts gas pipeline loans at risk - Financial Times 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 17:15 • 10/03 Kim's pet project: Inside the depressing North Korea zoo where tourists once flocked to see a smoking chimp and animals are donated by the world's worst dictators  16:54 • 10/03 Our programs promise changes in all areas – Armenian Renaissance leader 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 15:57 • 10/03 Married men could be ordained to ease priest shortages, says Pope Francis 15:37 • 10/03 Armenian FM blames Azerbaijan for dead-end in Karabakh peace talks 14:46 • 10/03 Armenian Communists launch pre-election campaign 14:07 • 10/03 At least five killed in helicopter crash in Istanbul Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin Armenia Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations Nagorno-Karabakh’s Ministry of Defense says the advance military units of its Defense Army refrained from retaliatory action ... Armenia launches construction of third solar power station ts estimated capacity is up to 1MW. The Public Services Regulatory Commission established tariffs ... Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline Region Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections “Now the election is over in the Netherlands ... When you look at the many parties ... Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections The trend has previously circulated among European countries in various elections. The diplomatic row between the two countries was stoked on March 11 when ... Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row EU hardens stance on Turkey row Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan World US judge blocks Trump's executive order US District Judge Derrick Watson cited "questionable evidence" in the government's argument that the ban was a matter of national ... Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says Trump paid an effective tax rate of 24 percent and saved millions of dollars in additional taxes by claiming the losses ... NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO British Parliament passes Brexit bill IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 2016 worst year for children in Syria   World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 Business New US federal government outlines spending plans The US State Department, which oversees foreign affairs, faces a budget cut of about 28%. And the Environmental Protection Agency is in line ... Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund “We are really happy to welcome our first international co-investing partners from the Commonwealth of Independent States. Armenia is Russia’s ...  China does not want to see trade war with US Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst Science/tech Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts The flaw affected the way both apps process images and multimedia files, in both cases they lack verifying the presence of malicious code ... High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row The attacks, which appeared to be simply a form of political vandalism and used the hashtags #Nazialmanya or #Nazihollanda, took over accounts ... World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America Big data unites study of stars with cancer research Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children Russians scientists reveal plan to restore part of Arctic Siberia to its Ice Age condition Google creates search tool for finding objects within videos Culture Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m The increase follows a recent hike in this year’s film funding pot of nearly $27 million to more than $80 million. Grütter’s office is allocating ... The Matrix reportedly getting reboot Warner Bros is said to be in the early stages of developing a rebooted version of the 1999 cyberpunk classic, with Creed star Michael B Jordan ... Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) Jane Austen's poor sight 'caused by arsenic', study reveals Emma Watson's Beauty and Best ‘a lot darker than thought’ Armsport.am Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  The 19-year-old made his debut for the 2. Bundesliga side in August, and has gone on to play 18 times in all competitions after earning ... Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife "In football what is important is the result, but it is right that we have to improve our play a little more so that the fans can enjoy ... Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder Wenger: Arsenal fans’ opinion factor in my decision over future Britain to host European Judo Championship Barcelona can only offer Lionel Messi a €35 million year contract Argentina football players go on strike Lifestyle English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) Martin Hughes, who goes by the Twitter handle @wefail, taught his girls to hold hands and stand still in the hallway of a London hotel ... Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s The two jets are called the Manhattan Airship and the Hollywood Airship and both are packed with luxe design details from the 1920s and 1930s ... The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls Event Dutch PM hails rejection of populism With more than 90% of votes counted, the VVD had won 33 out of 150 seats, a loss of eight seats from the previous parliament. Mr Wilders' Freedom ... Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours At least one man had to be rescued from his vehicle after it became submerged in floodwaters when it was swept away ... Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister Donald Tusk re-elected European Council president despite Poland’s efforts Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets The Constitutional Court reportedly spent an equivalent of US $ 650 on March 12 to buy a two-way ticket between Yerevan and ... Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president As part of his official visit, Serzh Sargsyan is set to meet President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the future peace efforts over Nagorno-Karabakh ... Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian authorities to spend $100m on parliamentary election 168 Zham: Armenia’s serious warning to Baku Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian communist receive Russian colleagues support ahead of election Zhamanak: Ex Heritage member considering new party plan   Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia to issue $500-700m Eurobonds   Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Thursday, March 16, 2017, 8:38 p.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Golf, tweets in Trump's weekend Hosting Abe, he also talks of wall By Compiled by Democrat-Gazette Staff wire reports This article was published February 12, 2017 at 5:19 a.m. PHOTO BY AP/PALM BEACH POST / MICHAEL ARES First lady Melania Trump and Akie Abe, wife of Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, tour the Morikami Museum and Japanese Gardens in Delray Beach, Fla., on Saturday. Comments (3) aAFont Size President Donald Trump and his wife, Melania, arrive with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife, Akie, for a delegation dinner Saturday even... RELATED ARTICLES U.S. agents, advocacy groups differ on alien sweep Surgery at hand for tot blocked by travel ban JUPITER, Fla. -- President Donald Trump spent Saturday morning golfing with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe as he hosts his first foreign leader at his winter estate in Palm Beach, Fla. President Donald Trump and his wife, Melania, arrive with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife, Akie, for a delegation dinner Saturday even... RELATED ARTICLES U.S. agents, advocacy groups differ on alien sweep Surgery at hand for tot blocked by travel ban This story is only available from the Arkansas Online archives. Stories can be purchased individually for $2.95. Click here to search for this story in the archives. Print Headline: Golf, tweets in Trump's weekend Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More News 1 person hurt in Little Rock shooting, police... State legislators to start whittling 31 propo... State director of VA hands in his notice afte... Some Arkansas firms unifying to fend off prop... Golf, tweets in Trump's weekend Israeli firm is FBI's cybersecurity go-to Japan's weighty comic Documentary a prized one-of-a-kind TV news shows More News stories > Comments on: Golf, tweets in Trump's weekend To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. Displaying 1 - 3 of 3 total comments wowy says... February 12, 2017 at 11:10 a.m. Hey you liberal dimwits I got a word for you - FORE!! Hahahaha. ( permalink | suggest removal ) TimberTopper says... February 12, 2017 at 2:50 p.m. Hey wowy, since those so-called judges shut down your orange haired leader's BS EO. Maybe he should be referred to as the so-called POTUS, since he came in second in total votes of the American people. And a FORE back to you! ( permalink | suggest removal ) carpenterretired says... February 12, 2017 at 9:30 p.m. Turnip truck dimwits need to remember that Hillary got 2,860,000 more votes than their beloved orange Fuehrer (true by using George W. Bush fuzzy math) they and their great leader claim to have a glorious victory and national mandate to turn the US into an old time Latin America totalitarian banana republic. ( permalink | suggest removal ) page 1 To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented 2 brothers stabbed after agreeing to give someone ride home in Little Rock, police say (7 comments) JOHN BRUMMETT: Legislative fear (6 comments) No indication Trump Tower was surveilled, senators on intelligence committee say (13 comments) Little Rock bondsman accidentally shoots man he was trying to apprehend, police say (9 comments) Boy, 12, robbed by 2 girls while waiting to be picked up from school, Little Rock police say (7 comments) Arkansas House panel OKs edible-pot ban (6 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents WEB EXTRAS cont. Archives Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Switzerland votes on relaxing its citizenship rules 11:04 • 12.02.17 Tweet Voters in Switzerland are going to the polls to decide whether the country's strict rules on citizenship should be relaxedm, the BBC reports. Being born in Switzerland does not guarantee citizenship and non-Swiss residents must typically wait 12 years before applying. Tests and government interviews are also required, which can be expensive. The new proposal will allow third-generation immigrants to avoid some of that bureaucracy. It will directly affect those born in Switzerland, whose parents and grandparents also lived in the country permanently. Supporters of the plan to simplify the process argue that it is ridiculous to ask people who were born and have lived all their lives in Switzerland to prove that they are integrated. However opponents suggest that the measures could lead to further steps that will eventually allow all non-Swiss residents - 25% of the population - to gain easy citizenship. An opposition poster, which features a woman in a burka, suggests that the new proposal could lead to a so-called "Islamisation" of the country. The current vetting procedure, aimed at ensuring that new citizens are well integrated, includes interviews carried out by town councils. Questions put to interviewees can include requests to name local cheeses or mountains. Those in favour of maintaining the current system also argue that the strict vetting rules make it superior to the more anonymous systems in neighbouring France and Germany. Over the past 30 years, three previous attempts to relax the rules have been defeated. This time, opinion polls suggest the vote on Sunday will be close. Big cities back the idea, while more conservative rural areas oppose it.   Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 16:21 • 15/03 Putin highly praises developing partnership with Armenia 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:11 • 14/03 Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen 16:43 • 14/03 World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:20 • 14/03 French ambassador hails cooperation with Armenia 15:48 • 14/03 Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit 13:52 • 14/03 New EU-Armenia deal outlines frameworks of broad cooperation and dialogue – official 11:46 • 14/03 Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president 11:25 • 14/03 Turkey targets Dutch with diplomatic sanctions as 'Nazi' row escalates 11:16 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece 11:06 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:57 • 14/03 OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact 10:26 • 14/03 Russia wishes to further strengthen ties with Armenia – Serzh Sargsyan 09:00 • 14/03 Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row 08:38 • 14/03 British Parliament passes Brexit bill 17:33 • 13/03 Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion 17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 17:04 • 13/03 By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort 16:54 • 13/03 Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador 15:51 • 13/03 Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 15:40 • 13/03 Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 14:36 • 13/03 IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin 13:00 • 13/03 Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters 12:45 • 13/03 Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union 12:21 • 13/03 Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 11:41 • 13/03 Both Russia and West interested in Armenian elections – political engineer   10:55 • 13/03 Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones 10:27 • 13/03 Armenia can potentially increase trade turnover with Iran to $1bn - premier 09:54 • 13/03 Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline 09:34 • 13/03 Big data unites study of stars with cancer research 09:25 • 13/03 HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman 09:19 • 13/03 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 08:40 • 13/03 2016 worst year for children in Syria   18:16 • 11/03 Eurasian integration saved Armenia from negative impact of Russian economic crisis  - minister 17:41 • 11/03 Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder 17:30 • 11/03 Russia has real potential to resolve Karabakh conflict - analyst 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 16:53 • 11/03 Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) 16:41 • 11/03 Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister 16:26 • 11/03 Russia determined to defend Armenia against aggression – expert 15:51 • 11/03 Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:54 • 11/03 Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children 14:35 • 11/03 Minister turned oppositionist pledges ‘fight’ against election-rigging 13:58 • 11/03 Russia-Turkey create joint investment fund 13:40 • 11/03 Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh have to react adequately to Azerbaijani aggression – minister 13:04 • 11/03 Turkish FM says threatens sanctions if Netherlands cancels flights   12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   12:24 • 11/03 World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 12:00 • 11/03 Azerbaijan watchdog suspension puts gas pipeline loans at risk - Financial Times 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 17:15 • 10/03 Kim's pet project: Inside the depressing North Korea zoo where tourists once flocked to see a smoking chimp and animals are donated by the world's worst dictators  16:54 • 10/03 Our programs promise changes in all areas – Armenian Renaissance leader 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 15:57 • 10/03 Married men could be ordained to ease priest shortages, says Pope Francis 15:37 • 10/03 Armenian FM blames Azerbaijan for dead-end in Karabakh peace talks 14:46 • 10/03 Armenian Communists launch pre-election campaign 14:07 • 10/03 At least five killed in helicopter crash in Istanbul Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin Armenia Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations Nagorno-Karabakh’s Ministry of Defense says the advance military units of its Defense Army refrained from retaliatory action ... Armenia launches construction of third solar power station ts estimated capacity is up to 1MW. The Public Services Regulatory Commission established tariffs ... Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline Region Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections “Now the election is over in the Netherlands ... When you look at the many parties ... Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections The trend has previously circulated among European countries in various elections. The diplomatic row between the two countries was stoked on March 11 when ... Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row EU hardens stance on Turkey row Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan World US judge blocks Trump's executive order US District Judge Derrick Watson cited "questionable evidence" in the government's argument that the ban was a matter of national ... Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says Trump paid an effective tax rate of 24 percent and saved millions of dollars in additional taxes by claiming the losses ... NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO British Parliament passes Brexit bill IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 2016 worst year for children in Syria   World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 Business New US federal government outlines spending plans The US State Department, which oversees foreign affairs, faces a budget cut of about 28%. And the Environmental Protection Agency is in line ... Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund “We are really happy to welcome our first international co-investing partners from the Commonwealth of Independent States. Armenia is Russia’s ...  China does not want to see trade war with US Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst Science/tech Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts The flaw affected the way both apps process images and multimedia files, in both cases they lack verifying the presence of malicious code ... High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row The attacks, which appeared to be simply a form of political vandalism and used the hashtags #Nazialmanya or #Nazihollanda, took over accounts ... World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America Big data unites study of stars with cancer research Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children Russians scientists reveal plan to restore part of Arctic Siberia to its Ice Age condition Google creates search tool for finding objects within videos Culture Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m The increase follows a recent hike in this year’s film funding pot of nearly $27 million to more than $80 million. Grütter’s office is allocating ... The Matrix reportedly getting reboot Warner Bros is said to be in the early stages of developing a rebooted version of the 1999 cyberpunk classic, with Creed star Michael B Jordan ... Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) Jane Austen's poor sight 'caused by arsenic', study reveals Emma Watson's Beauty and Best ‘a lot darker than thought’ Armsport.am Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  The 19-year-old made his debut for the 2. Bundesliga side in August, and has gone on to play 18 times in all competitions after earning ... Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife "In football what is important is the result, but it is right that we have to improve our play a little more so that the fans can enjoy ... Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder Wenger: Arsenal fans’ opinion factor in my decision over future Britain to host European Judo Championship Barcelona can only offer Lionel Messi a €35 million year contract Argentina football players go on strike Lifestyle English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) Martin Hughes, who goes by the Twitter handle @wefail, taught his girls to hold hands and stand still in the hallway of a London hotel ... Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s The two jets are called the Manhattan Airship and the Hollywood Airship and both are packed with luxe design details from the 1920s and 1930s ... The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls Event Dutch PM hails rejection of populism With more than 90% of votes counted, the VVD had won 33 out of 150 seats, a loss of eight seats from the previous parliament. Mr Wilders' Freedom ... Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours At least one man had to be rescued from his vehicle after it became submerged in floodwaters when it was swept away ... Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister Donald Tusk re-elected European Council president despite Poland’s efforts Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets The Constitutional Court reportedly spent an equivalent of US $ 650 on March 12 to buy a two-way ticket between Yerevan and ... Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president As part of his official visit, Serzh Sargsyan is set to meet President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the future peace efforts over Nagorno-Karabakh ... Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian authorities to spend $100m on parliamentary election 168 Zham: Armenia’s serious warning to Baku Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian communist receive Russian colleagues support ahead of election Zhamanak: Ex Heritage member considering new party plan   Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia to issue $500-700m Eurobonds   Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › opinion home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Arms trade Opinion Trump means happy days are here again for the UK’s arms exporters Paul Rogers Commitments in the Middle East and links between Whitehall and the weapons lobby keep sales high Weapons on display at the Defence Systems and Equpment International (DSEi) exhibition, one of the world’s leading arms fairs, in east London. Photograph: Daniel Berehulak/Getty Images Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Sunday 12 February 2017 01.00 EST Last modified on Wednesday 1 March 2017 01.11 EST Britain has for many years been one of the world’s main arms exporters, and the arms sector of the economy has survived at its current level largely because of this. In spite of all the issues thrown up by the court case brought by the Campaign Against Arms Trade, the pressure will be on to maintain the export trade, with potential for many future arguments over human rights. There are both external and internal reasons why this is so, starting with the impact of Donald Trump. Because of Brexit, Theresa May is going to need Trump a lot more than he needs her, and this will almost certainly involve a continuing commitment to the US-led war against Islamic State, at a time when Trump plans to expand that war. For all the talk of isolationism there are clear signs of an increase in military adventurism. It is not just the appointment of senior ex-generals to head the Pentagon and department of homeland security and to the post of national security adviser: more significant still is the plan for a substantial increase in military spending, even if the US defence budget is already not far short of 45% of the world total. Trump is even prepared to increase the budget through deficit financing if necessary, and his recent visit to the Pentagon was a prelude to receiving new ideas for destroying Isis. One proposal is to deploy a reinforced brigade of more than 5,000 troops into Syria to aid the Kurds and other militias in the assault on the Isis HQ in Raqqa later in the year. As the war expands, May will be put under heavy pressure to ensure Britain takes a larger role. For all Trump’s emphasis on making America great again, it is still essential to avoid war in the Middle East being seen purely as a US venture. As the UK gets sucked in, the pressure on the defence budget will rise, making it even more necessary to have a vibrant arms industry made more robust through exports. The internal reasons have much more to do with the arms lobby and the famous revolving door. Of all the lobbies that assail parliamentarians, both government and opposition, the arms lobby is especially potent and pervasive. For giant companies such as BAE Systems (the world’s third largest after Lockheed Martin and Boeing), lobbying is a substantial transnational endeavour, with Britain just one part of a much wider target list. But for specialist UK-based companies, it is a more narrowly focused operation. In addition to direct lobbying of MPs and their advisers, by trade unions as well as the companies, there is the assiduous funding of thinktanks and university research, as well as support for conferences. The process even extends to the sponsoring of the Royal British Legion by Lockheed and BAE, perhaps with unconscious irony. Go to any major industry conference, frequently in luxury venues in nice warm places, and the evidence of industry influence will be there. In the main lobby or the largest hall will be a huge board with the logos of all the sponsors – often 20 or more – all helping to meet the costs. Coffee breaks, lunch and tea may well be sponsored by named companies, with the drinks reception and conference dinner providing much-sought-after exposure. Then there is the revolving door. At its most obvious it involves offering directorships to senior military figures and politicians. Retired generals, air marshals, admirals, cabinet ministers and permanent secretaries are all sought for board positions, with consultancies for those at a slightly lower level. Less obvious is the seeking of military personnel and civil servants involved specifically in weapons development and procurement. Any such person within five years or so of retirement will be thinking of the size of the pension that awaits. The prospect of doubling it for a couple of days’ work a week is certainly attractive, and this means that pre-retirement “cooperation” with future employers is thoroughly tempting. Beyond all this lies the one great advantage for the whole industry: patriotism. Any criticism is met with cries of “Appeasement!”, and it is here that the current era contrasts so well with the 1990s. Back then, in the bleak days of the peace dividend, there was hardly an enemy in sight: but now we have terrorists, Russia and potentially even China. Happy days are certainly here again. Paul Rogers (@ProfPRogers) is professor of peace studies at Bradford University and international security consultant to the Oxford Research Group Topics Arms trade Opinion Donald Trump Theresa May Lobbying analysis Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion selected sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion selected sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Opinion › Arms trade Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS फर्स्टपोस्ट हिंदी News & Analysis Reviews Biztech Startup Gaming Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Coolpad Cool 1 review: This is the Le 2 in a new body which offers nothing compelling By Kunal Khullar 9   Comments Airtel now offers 1GB daily data and free calls at Rs 345 a month By tech2 News Staff 3   Comments Airtel Surprise offer for postpaid users gives 30GB free 4G data via the MyAirtel app By tech2 News Staff 2   Comments Fastrack launches ‘Fastrack Reflex’, a wearable aimed at youth for Rs 1,995 By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments Nokia C1 renders and specifications leak: Expect a Snapdragon 830, 4GB RAM and dual-cameras By tech2 News Staff 1   Comments more from #Amazon Coolpad launches Note 5 Lite with 3GB RAM and VoLTE support for Rs 8,199 Amazon Echo, Google Home and other voice controlled assistants will be the future of smart electronics OnePlus and Amitabh Bachchan announce 'Best Smartphone Contest', give a change to win Rs 1 Crore Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Amazon warns against trade protectionism in the US, says it could hurt business #Amazon Image Credits: Reuters   12 Feb 2017 , 09:35 Amazon.com warned on Friday that government actions to bolster domestic companies over foreign competition could hurt its business, in a potential reference to US President Donald Trump’s “America First” agenda. In a routine description of regulatory risks in its 2016 annual filing, the world’s largest online retailer said “trade and protectionist measures” might hinder its ability to grow. That language has not appeared in Amazon’s warning about government regulation in at least the past five annual filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. However, the Seattle-based company has cited trade protection in those filings as a risk to its international sales and operations specifically. The new Republican president has made job creation a cornerstone of his policies, threatening to impose tariffs on imports so companies produce and hire within the United States. Republicans in Congress also have a plan to target imports while excluding export revenue from US corporate income tax, known as a border adjustment tax. The proposal in the US House of Representatives has divided corporate America. Major exporters like Boeing Co have thrown their weight behind it, but a retail association has said it would raise prices for shoppers. It was not clear what kinds of protectionist measures – whether tariffs or other actions – concerned Amazon the most, or from which countries Amazon saw the greatest risk. Amazon so far has declined to comment on Republican lawmakers’ border tax plan. It did not return requests for comment on the new language in its annual filing. The filing did not mention the change in leadership of the White House. The language appeared in its filing under the header, “Government Regulaton Is Evolving and Unfavorable Changes Could Harm Our Business.” Reuters Tags: Amazon, Amazon India, Amazon US, Donald Trump, executive order, Jeff Bezos Also read Amazon rolls out free smart-home consultations to kill the confusion behind home automation Snapchat owner will spend $1 billion over next 5 year for using Amazon Cloud Services X Recommended For You Coolpad launches Note 5 Lite with 3GB RAM and VoLTE support for Rs 8,199 Amazon Echo, Google Home and other voice controlled assistants will be the future of smart electronics OnePlus and Amitabh Bachchan announce ‘Best Smartphone Contest’, give a change to win Rs 1 Crore Google Cloud Next 17: analysts skeptical after Google announces a number of high profile cloud clients Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 8 / 10 Asus ROG Strix GL553VE laptop review: A well-designed powerhouse Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match #BSNL Mar 17, 2017 BSNL to offer 2GB data per day with unlimited calling within network, for Rs 339 for 28 day validity #IBM Mar 16, 2017 ‘Chintu’ is a cognitive robot assistant powered by IBM Watson made in collaboration with Maharashtra Institute of Technology #OnePlus Mar 16, 2017 OnePlus begins roll out of Oxygen OS 4.1.0 with Android 7.1.1 Nougat #Micromax Mar 16, 2017 Micromax Canvas Mega 2 Plus with 4G VoLTE and 6-inch display launched at Rs 7,499 #Google Mar 16, 2017 Parents can set digital ground rules for children with Google’s new Family Link app SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus ZenFone 3 Laser Review: Borderline decent smartphone, with an unfortunate price tag Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality T & C Policy Contact Us फर्स्टपोस्ट हिन्दी Copyright © 2017 Tech2.com
Latest News Dow 20,935 -15.55 -0.07% Nasdaq 5,901 +0.71 +0.01% S&P 500 2,381 -3.88 -0.16% 9:17 P.M. ET Tillerson rips ‘failed approach’ to North Korea, says U.S. will pressure China 9:03 P.M. ET Google Home tests unsolicited audio ad, to grumbles 8:46 P.M. ET Brazil judge suspends $50B dam disaster lawsuit 8:42 P.M. ET Updated Trump still believes he was wiretapped, though senators refute his claims 8:02 P.M. ET Updated KKR, CDPQ said to be near $2 billion joint bid to buy USI Insurance 7:29 P.M. ET Good news: Workers are quitting at a rate that matches recovery high 7:27 P.M. ET OPEC may be willing to extend oil-production cuts 7:13 P.M. ET Updated Boycott Hawaii? Trump fans take issue with judge standing in way of latest travel ban 6:36 P.M. ET Updated Tech jobs are actually disappearing in 6 of the biggest 100 U.S. cities 6:17 P.M. ET Updated Jessica Alba’s Honest Co. names new CEO 6:16 P.M. ET Updated Will artificial intelligence deliver an android that works as your personal assistant? 6:14 P.M. ET Updated March ‘Sadness’: Is there anything more predictable than the NCAA tournament? 6:12 P.M. ET Opinion Those March Madness basketball teams aren’t as profitable as you think 6:11 P.M. ET Opinion Bears are losing their chance in the stock market 5:47 P.M. ET Updated More GoPro cuts send shares flying, but analysts aren’t buying it 5:35 P.M. ET Trump budget would privatize air-traffic control system 5:34 P.M. ET Updated The most powerful passports in the world (and the least powerful) 5:27 P.M. ET Updated Mike Flynn paid more than $50,000 by Russian companies before joining Trump campaign 5:07 P.M. ET Caterpillar hires former U.S. attorney general for help in federal probe 5:01 P.M. ET Do This Before You Sign Up for a 401(k) Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense In One Chart Get email alerts How Trump’s use of Twitter is creating credit risk for companies By Ciara Linnane Published: Feb 12, 2017 1:00 p.m. ET Share President is creating sharp moves in S&P’s probability of default model MarketWatch photo illustration/Getty Images By CiaraLinnane Corporate news editor President Donald Trump’s habit of using Twitter to criticize or praise individual companies for perceived opposition to or support of his policies is not just weighing on shares. The president’s unprecedented communication style has introduced a new dynamic to markets and affected the implied credit risk for individual companies, for better or worse, according to S&P Global Market Intelligence. “This latest dynamic in presidential communication introduces a new factor to the monitoring of daily credit risk,” said Jim Elder, director of corporate and financial institutions at S&P. As the chart below illustrates, Trump’s comments are affecting S&P’s probability of default, or PD, moving the needle in either a positive or negative direction. In the case of United Technologies Corp.’s UTX, -0.65%  air conditioning unit Carrier, a Trump tweet on Nov. 24 suggesting he was in talks with the company to keep 1,400 jobs in Indiana, caused the company’s one-year forward-looking probability of default, or PD, to fall 17.5% between Nov. 23 and Nov. 25. Such moves can impact the cost of its borrowing and the worth of its debt already in circulation. Then there was industrial company Rexnord Corp. RXN, +1.71% which was lambasted in a Dec. 3 tweet for its plan to move production of industrial bearings to a plant in Mexico from Indianapolis. Rexnord’s PD rose by 11.9% from Dec. 2 to Dec. 5. Toyoya Motor Corp. 7203, -0.99%  was slammed Jan. 5 and threatened with a border tax for building Corollas in Mexico. The Japanese car maker’s PD increased by 26.2% between Jan. 4 and Jan. 6. “Seemingly learning from Toyota’s experiences, Fiat Chrysler FCAU, +2.30% drew Trump’s praise on Jan. 9 for planning to build a $1 billion plant in the U.S. and saw its PD drop by 15.3% between January 6-10,” said Elder. Kellyanne Conway Accused of Ethics Violation(1:30) Kellyanne Conway, a senior adviser to President Donald Trump, has been accused of ethics violations for promoting Mr. Trump’s daughter Ivanka’s fashion line during a television interview on Thursday. Both the top Republican and Democrat on the House Oversight Committee wrote a letter to the Office of Government Ethics regarding her actions. Photo: Getty. Aerospace and defense company Lockheed Martin Corp. LMT, -0.56% drew Trump’s ire Dec. 22 for the price of its F-35 stealth fighter jet, sending its PD up 10.9% between Dec. 21 and Dec. 23. The good news is that fundamentals can still offset the impact of a Trump tweet. For example, a Dec. 6 tweet directed at Boeing Co. BA, -0.29%  regarding an Air Force One contract sent its stock down 1% immediately after the tweet was published. But the stock recovered to close in the black by the end of day, largely because the company explained in a statement that it is “currently in contracts totaling approximately $170 million for the initial design and engineering work” needed before production—not the $4 billion dollar figure President Trump quoted. That is less than 0.2% of 2016 revenues, and was not viewed as representing a material increase in credit risk, which fell nearly 12% between Dec. 5-7. Then there was General Motors Co. GM, -0.03% tweeted at for producing the Chevy Cruze in Mexico. That news was outweighed by GM’s announcement of a big December sales jump. The company’s PD fell 17.9% between Jan. 2-4. On Jan. 9, Trump sent a positive tweet about Ford Motor Co. F, +0.40%  for bringing 700 jobs to Michigan after canceling plans for a Mexico factory. That news was offset by Ford’s negative guidance on Jan. 10 for declines in per-share earnings in 2017 relative to 2016. That company’s PD rose 3.8% between Jan. 8-10. Perhaps the best example of a tweet failing to nail its target, one not mentioned in the S&P report, is Nordstrom Inc. JWN, -0.07% which Trump described as ‘Terrible!’ in a tweet this week for dropping his daughter Ivanka’s product line. The news sent the stock down about 1%, but it took just four minutes to bounce back and end the day up 3%. It extended those gains the following day and is up 2.9% on the week, outperforming the S&P 500 SPX, -0.16%  , which is up 0.9%. Don’t miss: Nordstrom recovers from Trump’s ‘Terrible!’ tweet in just 4 minutes See also: Trump counselor Conway violates ethics laws, congressional leaders say “We will continue to watch these indicators to see whether short-term risk dislocation leads to longer-term fundamental shifts in risk for firms and industries due to new regulations,” said Elder. More from MarketWatch Why a Credit Union Is Better Than a Bank The Ultimate Snoring Fix: Two Master Bedrooms Clean Chicken: Never Hatched or Slaughtered Quote References UTX -0.74 -0.65% RXN +0.41 +1.71% 7203 -64.00 -0.99% FCAU +0.26 +2.30% LMT -1.50 -0.56% BA -0.52 -0.29% GM -0.01 -0.03% F +0.05 +0.40% JWN -0.03 -0.07% SPX -3.88 -0.16% Show all references Most Popular Amazon is going to kill more American jobs than China did Fed rate hikes + low growth = recession, says stock-market strategist Need income? These investments are great places to park your money right now Stock market ends lower as health care, utilities slump What is the future of bitcoin? Ciara Linnane Ciara Linnane is MarketWatch's investing- and corporate-news editor. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Ciara Linnane Ciara Linnane is MarketWatch's investing- and corporate-news editor. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Property & Politics ‘Scandinavian zen’ on the Lake Superior shoreline in Minnesota View More SectorWatch Here's what Trump means for the tech industry View More Real Estate Party time: Welcome to America's top 10 booziest—and soberest—cities View More Moneyish This brand-new celebrity couple is worth $640 million View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy (updated). Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found United Technologies Corp. U.S.: NYSE: UTX $112.34 -0.74 (-0.65%) Volume 2.8M Open $112.77 High $113.22 Low $111.95 P/E Ratio 18.42 Div Yield 2.35 Market Cap 90.7B Rexnord Corp. U.S.: NYSE: RXN $24.34 +0.41 (+1.71%) Volume 1.5M Open $24.02 High $24.36 Low $23.92 P/E Ratio 55.81 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 2.5B Toyota Motor Corp. Japan: Tokyo: 7203 ¥6,389.00 -64.00 (-0.99%) Volume 2.5M Open ¥6,405 High ¥6,410 Low ¥6,385 P/E Ratio 10.56 Div Yield 3.13 Market Cap 21.1T Fiat Chrysler Automobiles N.V. U.S.: NYSE: FCAU $11.58 +0.26 (+2.30%) Volume 5.7M Open $11.56 High $11.58 Low $11.45 P/E Ratio 9.01 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 21.8B Lockheed Martin Corp. U.S.: NYSE: LMT $267.94 -1.50 (-0.56%) Volume 952.3K Open $270.68 High $270.68 Low $267.13 P/E Ratio 20.51 Div Yield 2.72 Market Cap 78.2B Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $178.19 -0.52 (-0.29%) Volume 3.0M Open $179.82 High $180.00 Low $177.64 P/E Ratio 23.29 Div Yield 3.19 Market Cap 109.5B General Motors Co. U.S.: NYSE: GM $37.08 -0.01 (-0.03%) Volume 11.2M Open $37.09 High $37.12 Low $36.77 P/E Ratio 6.18 Div Yield 4.1 Market Cap 55.6B Ford Motor Co. U.S.: NYSE: F $12.70 +0.05 (+0.40%) Volume 28.4M Open $12.65 High $12.72 Low $12.59 P/E Ratio 11.08 Div Yield 4.72 Market Cap 50.3B Nordstrom Inc. U.S.: NYSE: JWN $44.31 -0.03 (-0.07%) Volume 2.3M Open $44.07 High $44.83 Low $43.68 P/E Ratio 21.94 Div Yield 3.34 Market Cap 7.5B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,381.38 -3.88 (-0.16%) Volume 1.9B Open 2,388 High 2,388 Low 2,377 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store March 16, 2017 9:38 PM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Contact Us Advertisement Trump insists he can bring the cost of $21.6 billion border wall ‘way down’ February 11, 2017 9:48 PM Jorge Duenes/Reuters A U.S. flag is seen next to a section of the wall separating Mexico and the United States, in Tijuana, Mexico, on Jan. 28. By Philip Rucker / The Washington Post President Donald Trump vowed in a pair of tweets Saturday morning to negotiate the costs of constructing a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border “way down,” after a government analysis estimated the price at a whopping $21.6 billion. An internal report prepared by the Department of Homeland Security and reviewed by Reuters this past week estimated that the wall would cost $21.6 billion and take 3½ years to construct. DHS spokesman David Lapan told The Washington Post on Saturday that the department is still developing cost estimates and that “any such document is deliberative and pre-decisional.” Reacting to the estimate, Trump tweeted: “I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the…design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!” I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the..... — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 11, 2017 ...design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 11, 2017 Trump sent his tweets from his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., where he and first lady Melania are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife, Akie. During his transition period before being sworn in as president, Trump spoke with executives of Lockheed Martin and Boeing to try to negotiate down the costs of the government’s contracts to build new F-35 fighter jets and a modern Air Force One jumbo jet. After the discussions, both companies, highly dependent on government defense contracts, announced efforts to reduce costs on the programs. The border wall is a signature campaign promise of Trump’s. He said on the campaign trail that it would cost only about $8 billion, but that seems to have been an unreasonably low estimate. Trump prides himself on his negotiating abilities. As a real estate developer, he famously squeezed contractors for profits, yet still often experienced massive cost overruns. Government contracting is more prescribed than in the private sector, of course, and involves an open bidding process. Related Media: Man fired as Trump campaign pilot over battery charge appears at Mar-a-Lago 84 Lumber's ad resonates long after Super Bowl Immigrant community on high alert as federal agents conduct enforcement raids in 6 states Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Technical Help? Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Help: Subscriber services Online support center Products and services Today’s PGe Contact Us Subscribe: Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Copyright © 1997—2017 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 23° Partly cloudy High: 30° | Low: 13° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Schools & Education Community News Special Features The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump 2016 Election Results Business More in Business Business Breakfast A Word with the Boss On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Super Bowl 2017 Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Letters Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Scene & Heard Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku Maine Today Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Nation & World Posted February 11 Updated February 11 increase font size Trump says he’ll negotiate to lower wall’s cost The Department of Homeland Security says the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border would cost $21.6 billion. By Philip RuckerThe Washington Post Share Comment Read Article President Trump vowed in a pair of tweets Saturday morning to negotiate the costs of constructing a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border “way down,” after a government analysis estimated the price at a whopping $21.6 billion. The Department of Homeland Security said this past week that the wall would cost $21.6 billion and take 3 1/2 years to construct. Reacting to the estimate, Trump tweeted: Part of the fence on the Mexican border stretches into the distance in Sunland Park, N.M. Associated Press/Christian Torres Search photos available for purchase: Photo Store → “I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the. . .design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!” Trump sent his tweets from his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Florida, where he and first lady Melania are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife, Akie. During his transition period before being sworn in as president, Trump spoke with executives of Lockheed Martin and Boeing to try to negotiate down the costs of the government’s contracts to build new F-35 fighter jets and a modern Air Force One jumbo jet. After the discussions, both companies, highly dependent on government defense contracts, announced efforts to reduce costs on the programs. The border wall is a signature campaign promise of Trump’s. He said during the campaign that it would cost only about $8 billion, but that seems to have been an unreasonably low estimate. Trump prides himself on his negotiating abilities. As a real estate developer, he famously squeezed contractors for profits, yet still often experienced massive cost overruns. Government contracting is more prescribed than in the private sector, of course, and involves an open bidding process. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Recent Read Shared Wells boys' hockey players left out in the cold Flame-throwers are tending to flame out Former officer, Hallowell reach settlement in case Chimpanzees given their day in court NFL notebook: Butler meets Saints but no deal reached Blind Maine woman, guide dog booted from flight over seating Nor'easter blasts Maine with blizzard conditions, leaves thousands without power Daniel Lilley, respected and tenacious Maine defense attorney, dies at 79 Portland meatball restaurant closes Two drivers critically injured in wrong-way crash on I-95 Now there's proof daylight saving time is dumb, dangerous and costly Daniel Lilley, respected and tenacious Maine defense attorney, dies at 79 Blind Maine woman, guide dog booted from flight over seating South Portland struggles with identity as city's population evolves Classified documents show troubling efforts by Russia to influence election, Sen. King says BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps days left to vote Let your voice be heard. Vote now for your favorite bars, restaurants, and more in Hoopla's 2017 Top Shelf Awards. Vote Here Now Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Hlas: Unlike America, Hawkeye fans nuts for NIT Iowa gets a glimpse of 'something special' in NIT win Federal jury convicts former Olin woman accused of arson insurance scheme Powerball ticket purchased in North Liberty worth $2 million after Wednesday’s drawing Hlas: Hoosiers and Steve Alford ... not Iowa’s concerns this time Should prospective Iowa university donors’ names be private? Mayor, council openings on North Liberty special election ballot Proposed USDA cuts worry Iowa lawmakers White House says Trump stands by claim Obama wiretapped him Iowa Politics Today: How dependent is Iowa on guns? Trump insists he can bring the cost of $21.6 billion border wall 'way down' Video Photo A U.S. flag is seen next to a section of the wall separating Mexico and the United States, in Tijuana, Mexico, January 28, 2017. (REUTERS/Jorge Duenes) By Philip Rucker, The Washington Post Feb 11, 2017 at 3:29 pm | Print View President Donald Trump vowed in a pair of tweets Saturday morning to negotiate the costs of constructing a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border “way down,” after a government analysis estimated the price at a whopping $21.6 billion. The Department of Homeland Security said this past week that the wall would cost $21.6 billion and take 3 1/2 years to construct. Reacting to the estimate, Trump tweeted: “I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the. . .design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!” Trump sent his tweets from his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., where he and first lady Melania are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife, Akie. During his transition period before being sworn in as president, Trump spoke with executives of Lockheed Martin and Boeing to try to negotiate down the costs of the government’s contracts to build new F-35 fighter jets and a modern Air Force One jumbo jet. After the discussions, both companies, highly dependent on government defense contracts, announced efforts to reduce costs on the programs. The border wall is a signature campaign promise of Trump’s. He said on the campaign trail that it would cost only about $8 billion, but that seems to have been an unreasonably low estimate. Trump prides himself on his negotiating abilities. As a real estate developer, he famously squeezed contractors for profits, yet still often experienced massive cost overruns. Government contracting is more prescribed than in the private sector, of course, and involves an open bidding process. Your next Nation & World articles Federal judge in Hawaii freezes Trump's ... Source: Trump budget plan to propose maj ... Small group of Republicans in U.S. House ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Archive With UConn women closing in on 100, a look at the significance of the century mark Saturday Feb 11, 2017 at 4:45 PM Feb 11, 2017 at 4:45 PM John Altavilla The Hartford Courant As the UConn women's basketball team approaches its 100th consecutive victory on Monday against South Carolina, we are reminded again what a momentous milestone it is. In society, the number 100 holds special significance in a variety of ways. Here are a few of them. Give 100 percent: This is the ultimate battle cry from coaches, teachers, parents and employers, designed to encourage maximum effort. And if it's possible to muster more energy, giving 110 percent would be even more appreciated. 100 test score: Here is the ultimate goal for every student, usually the product of giving 100 percent when it comes to studying. 100-win seasons (baseball): Over the course of 125 seasons (from 1892 through 2016), 99 teams have won 100 or more games in an MLB season. While there have been 23 seasons with two or more 100-win teams, only five seasons have seen three teams win at least 100 in the same season. The 2001 Seattle Mariners (116) own the record for most victories in one season. 100 losses (baseball): Over the course of the same 125 seasons, only 145 teams have lost 100 or more games in one season, the latest being the 2016 Minnesota Twins (103). The 1962 New York Mets lost 120 games. The 1899 Cleveland Spiders hit the deck 134 times. 100-point victory total: The Baylor women's basketball team set an NCAA record on Dec. 15, 2016 by beating Winthrop, 140-32. The 108-point margin of victory is the largest ever in NCAA women's basketball. The previous record was 102 points by Grambling in 1986. The biggest margin of victory in men's Division I history is believed to be Long Island University's 179-62 win (117 points) over Medgar Evers College on Nov. 26, 1997. Medgar Evers had 60 turnovers. 100 points in a game (player): Wilt Chamberlain is the only NBA player to score 100 points in a game. He did it for the Philadelphia Warriors in a 169-147 win over the New York Knicks on March 2, 1962. Chamberlain was 36-for-63 from the field and 28-for-32 from the free throw line. But it has happened many times overseas. A guy named Erman Kunter scored 153 points for Fenerbahce Istanbul in a 175-99 win over Hilalspor Izmir. He scored 92 in the second half. And Jack Taylor, who played for Grinnell College, holds the NCAA record for most points, scoring 138 in 2012. He also scored the NCAA's third-highest total of 109 in 2013. 100-point games (in high school football): According to the website luckyshow.org, there have been 67 games in which a team has scored more than 100 points since 1932. In the 20 years before 1932, there were 525 in which a team scored more than 100 points, including six where a team scored more than 200 points. The first 100-point game is believed to have occurred in 1894 in Minnesota. The highlight might have been a 105-0 win by Hyde Park of Chicago over Poly Prep of Brooklyn, N.Y., in the national high school championship game at Marshall Field in Chicago in 1902. The greatest day for 100-point games was Oct. 26, 1912. Five games in four states hit the century mark. 100-point games (for Yale football): The Bulldogs surpassed the century mark four times between 1884 and 1890. Three of those games were against Wesleyan, which we imagine is still sore about it. 100th anniversary: Always a nice round figure to celebrate and commemorate events. Of course, if you were around when the event initially happened, the chances are not good for you to share in the celebratory cake. Boeing and the National Park Service celebrated this anniversary in 2016, which was also the 100th year since the completion of the Trans-Siberian Railway. 100th birthday: According to Smithsonian.com, in 2014 there were 72,197 Americans 100 or older, according to a report from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. That number is up 44 percent from 2000. If they are lucky, they will eventually find themselves on the label of a Smucker's jar being celebrated by Al Roker on the "Today" show. First 100 days of the presidency: Traditionally considered the time when a new president makes his first mark on the nation, either through the powers of communication or the implementation of policy and planning. 100 meters: This is the ultimate sprint race in track and field. It has been contested at the Summer Olympics since 1896 for men, and since 1928 for women. The reigning 100-meter champion is regarded as the fastest runner in the world. Usain Bolt and Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce are the reigning world champs. 100 yards: The length of a football field excluding the end zones. What's better than marching the length of the field to score or a 100-yard return? 100 RBIs: Every run producer starts out the baseball season with that number in mind. After all, who wants to get stuck on 99? Counting to 100: This is one of the first major accomplishments of proud elementary school students across the world. As life moves forward, learning to do this in multiple languages is especially cool. $100 bill: This denomination of United States currency features Benjamin Franklin on its front side. On the reverse is an image of Independence Hall. The $100 bill is the largest denomination that has been printed since July 13, 1969, when the $500, $1,000, $5,000, and $10,000 bill were retired. The Bureau of Engraving and Printing predicts that the average life of a $100 bill in circulation is 90 months before it's replaced. 100 calorie snacks: This relatively new sensation is where cookies, cakes and other snacks are packaged in a way to control serving size and caloric intake. Try just eating one; we dare you. The Year 100: Bricks became the primary building material in the Roman Empire, whose army is said to have reached 300,000 by this time. Lions also became extinct in the Balkans and paper was beginning to be used regularly in China where the wheelbarrow apparently made its first appearance. 100-point wines: These are the bottles that usually cost the most money on the menu, the ones that the sommelier in your life would be most anxious to recommend. You don't drink them as much as savor them. The NASDAQ 100: It's a stock market index made up of 107 equity securities issued by 100 of the largest non-financial companies listed on the NASDAQ exchange. The Pop 100: This was a song chart that debuted in February 2005 and was released weekly by Billboard Magazine in the United States until its discontinuation in 2009. It ranked songs based on airplay on radio stations, single sales and digital downloads. Top 100 lists: This is the most convenient way for trivia experts to compile collections of notable things, people, places or issues — as in Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People or the NHL's list of its top 100 players. Let's face it, if something is not on a list of top 100 it's likely not worth remembering, anyway.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Advertise With Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse Sports Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Boomers Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications false
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in NBR VIEW In a Nutshell Masters of Business Radio Print Edition Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results . AKBAR AL BAKER: 'Twenty years feels like two years' Nevil Gibson Sunday February 12, 2017 0 Unlock this PAID CONTENT article Log in here if you already have an NBR subscription or subscribe below. User login E-mail or username * Password * Remember me Forgotten password? Request a new one. Free access Get unlimited free access to NBR paid content on any device for 30 days.Click for more Full access Pay from just $35 for anywhere, anytime access to NBR ONLINE from any device.Click for more Email * Create password * First Name * Last Name * Cellphone number * Credit card details are required to authenticate your account. You won't be charged until your trial has ended. Cancel anytime. I understand that my unlimited free access to NBR paid content is only available for 30 days. * *Terms and Conditions As part of this registration, we validate your credit/debit card with a test transaction of 1 cent. This is a pre-authorisation hold on your card by your bank, designed to protect people from credit card fraud, and will be automatically re-adjusted within 10 days. By submitting your details to the NBR, you agree to receive communications and notifications from the NBR. It is your responsibility to know when your free trial offer subscription ends, but we will send you a courtesy email four days before expiry. At the end of your free trial, you will be billed your first subscription fee at the current one-month online subscription rate ($35). If you do not wish to become a paying Member Subscriber, you must cancel your trial before it ends. You will be able to stop your free trial yourself via your MyNBR dashboard. Individual subscription Pay from just $35 a month for anytime, anywhere access to online paid content and stay connected with up to date business news. * Monthly Premium Online Subscription $35.00 12 Month Smartphone-only Subscription $135.00 6 Months $180.00 12 Months $280.00 Print Subscriber special: If you are an existing print subscriber with a print membership number you can get 12 months access for the 6 month price $180 (inc GST). Print subscription number Don't know your print membership number? Email customerservices@nbr.co.nz This is an Online renewal *With a Premium Online Subscription you can stay connected with up to date business news on your desktop, laptop, tablet or Smartphone * Free smartphone-only subscription until August 31. All New Zealanders are eligible for a free Smartphone-only subscription to NBR ONLINE until August 31, 2015. To access NBR paid content for free on your mobile anywhere, anytime, sign up here: www.nbr.co.nz/free Enter your email address More NBR subscription options on the subscribe page. The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> AKBAR AL BAKER: 'Twenty years feels like two years'
Follow Sign in / Sign up Home Climate Politics Budget Health Care Immigration Features Video Resist Aaron RuparBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Journalist, ThinkProgress. Twitter: @atrupar. Email: arupar@americanprogress.org Feb 11 No, Trump doesn’t have a plan to reduce cost of his $21 billion-plus border wall U.S. taxpayers are on the hook for Trump’s increasingly expensive vanity project. An agent of the border patrol, observes near the Mexico-US border fence, on the Mexican side, separating the towns of Anapra, Mexico and Sunland Park, New Mexico, on January 25. CREDIT: AP Photo/Christian Torres The projected cost for President Donald Trump’s border wall continues to rise, and Trump has no good plan to contain it. On Thursday, Reuters reported that the border wall will be much more expensive than the $10 billion figure Trump repeatedly cited during his campaign or the $12–$15 billion cited by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) and House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) last month. “Trump’s ‘wall’ along the U.S.-Mexico border would be a series of fences and walls that would cost as much as $21.6 billion, and take more than three years to construct,” Reuters reported, citing a U.S. Department of Homeland Security document the outlet obtained. And it could end up costing even more than that. Trump’s border wall is looking more like a fence that American taxpayers will pay for Bait and switch.thinkprogress.org “Bernstein Research, an investment research group that tracks material costs, has said that uncertainties around the project could drive its cost up to as much as $25 billion,” Reuters reports. On Saturday morning, Trump responded to that news by assuring Americans that costs of constructing the wall will come “WAY DOWN” as soon as he gets involved in the negotiations. But Trump’s citation of the reduced cost of F-35s should give no one confidence he’ll be able to bring down the exorbitant cost of his border wall. That’s because on January 30, Trump took credit for cost cuts to the fighter jets that were already put in place before he got involved. A Washington Post fact-check gave Trump’s claim that he was responsible for cutting $600 million from the F-35 program “Four Pinocchios.” “Trump, yet again, claims credit for decisions that were already made before he became president,” the Post’s Michelle Ye Hee Lee wrote. “The Pentagon had already announced cost reductions of roughly $600 million before Trump began meeting with Lockheed Martin’s chief executive.” And despite tweeting that the cost of new Air Force One planes are “out of control” in December, Trump has yet to strike a deal with Boeing to bring costs down. Trump has repeatedly taken credit for deals that were in the works long before he won the election or became president. For instance, he’s overstated his role in deals with Intel, General Motors, Fiat Chrysler, Ford, and Sprint to take credit for saving American jobs. It’s notable that Trump is concerned about the wall’s cost in the first place, given that during the campaign he repeatedly pledged he’d make Mexico pay for it. Unsurprisingly, Mexican officials say they won’t do that. Trump’s plan is to have U.S. taxpayers pay for it while promising them he’ll somehow make Mexico reimburse the United States down the line. White House floats, then walks back, a plan to pay for wall with an import tax Make avocados expensive again. Or not.thinkprogress.org Press Secretary Sean Spicer recently told reporters the wall could be paid for “by imposing a 20 percent tax on all imports into the United States from Mexico.” But after widespread concern that a blanket tax on Mexican imports would increases costs for American consumers, the White House walked it back. Last year, Reuters reported that U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents don’t think the type of border wall Trump has long supported is necessary for national security. Instead, they seek better equipment and technology. Donald Trump Politics Border Wall National Security Immigration 26 14 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Aaron Rupar Journalist, ThinkProgress. Twitter: @atrupar. Email: arupar@americanprogress.org Follow ThinkProgress Moving news forward. Share 26 Never miss a story from ThinkProgress, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from ThinkProgress Get updatesGet updates
Salon Home Video video WATCH: From bedbugs to pigeons, New York’s despised vermin have rich inner lives on HBO’s “Animals” Alli Joseph Global warming denier James Inhofe says the Environmental Protection Agency is “brainwashing our kids” Matthew Rozsa Enjoy these videos of nuclear explosive tests Jeremy Binckes News news When billionaires shred people’s healthcare Bill Humphrey and Stephan Richter Once again, Wall Street salary and bonuses show America’s rich are getting richer as inequality deepens Steven Rosenfeld Iran, Trump and Bannon’s war in the Middle East? Behzad Yaghmaian Politics politics 2016 Elections St. Patrick’s Day walk of shame: Ireland’s prime minister calls on Donny Boy, with the wrong message Andrew O'Hehir The right to discriminate against LGBT students: A “religious freedom” bill in Kentucky is one signature away from becoming law Nico Lang POLL: Will Congress pass President Trump’s 2018 budget bill? Salon Staff Entertainment entertainment Books Movies Music TV WATCH: From bedbugs to pigeons, New York’s despised vermin have rich inner lives on HBO’s “Animals” Alli Joseph The right to discriminate against LGBT students: A “religious freedom” bill in Kentucky is one signature away from becoming law Nico Lang Ready for seconds? The second season of “Master of None” is on its way Max Cea Life life Life Stories Love & Sex Parenting St. Patrick’s Day walk of shame: Ireland’s prime minister calls on Donny Boy, with the wrong message Andrew O'Hehir Celebrate National Panda Day with some of the best pandas out there right now Jillian Kestenbaum Seattle synagogue hit with hate graffiti, but leaves it up to spark discussion David Neiwert Innovation innovation Wall Street Finance Labor Pornhub wants to make sure you “get plowed” this snowstorm — literally Jeremy Binckes An increasingly connected world needs hackers more than ever before Angelo Young The search for pi: Join the ranks of mathematicians through the ages Xiaojing Ye Audio (beta) audio (beta) LISTEN: Black, female and autistic — hiding in plain sight Matthew Rozsa LISTEN: PRX Remix PRX LISTEN: Americans are flocking to Cuba — and change is coming fast Alli Joseph Log out Sign in Saturday, Feb 11, 2017 2:30 PM UTC Trump’s job-creation strategy is calling in Wall Street elites and doing what they say Corporate leaders are convened to plan policy, keeping labor interests — and representatives — far from the table Jim Hightower Skip to Comments Topics: fiduciary rule, GOP, Jamie Dimon, Job creation, Steve Schwarzman, Trump Administration, Wall Street, Politics News, Business News Noam Chomsky (Credit: Getty/William B. Plowman) With all the economic pain in America that Washington ought to be relieving, which group would you choose as the top priority to address? Public opinion surveys consistently reveal that the great majority of us say that people on the lower rungs of the economic ladder — the poor and the failing middle class — are the ones that Congress should focus on. But then again regular people don’t run Congress or Donald Trump’s White House. On Feb. 3, Trump and a blue-ribbon panel of “working-class champions” announced a bold new initiative to create millions of new American jobs. The panel members were genuinely thrilled that the president was acting so swiftly and decisively. Indeed, a spokesman for the group, Steve Schwarzman, praised Trump as a leader who wants to “do things a lot better in our country, for all Americans.” Wait a minute: Steve Schwarzman? Isn’t he the billionaire honcho of Blackstone, a group of Wall Street hucksters? Yes, and holy moneybags, there’s Jamie Dimon, who’s presided over a mess of investment frauds and financial scandals as the head of JPMorgan Chase. This “jobs” panel is filled with Wall Street banksters and chieftains of such corporate powers as Wal-Mart, GE and Boeing — outfits notorious for laying off and ripping off workers. You might remember Trump the candidate fulminating against those very elites as being “responsible for the economic decisions that have robbed our working class.” But now, in a spectacular flip-flop, he’s brought them directly inside his presidency, asking them to be architects of his economic strategy. Worse, he’s doing this in the name of helping workers. Hello! To develop policies beneficial to working stiffs, bring in some working stiffs! But not a single labor advocate is on his policy council, in his Cabinet or anywhere near his White House. Thus, the “job-creation plan” announced by Trump and his corporate cohorts doesn’t create any jobs but calls instead for — violà — deregulating Wall Street. These flimflammers actually want us rubes to believe that “freeing” banksters to return to casino-style speculation and consumer scams will give them more money, which they “can” invest in American jobs. Do they think we have sucker wrappers around our heads? Trump’s scheme will let banks make a killing, but it doesn’t require them to invest in jobs, so they won’t. There’s a name for this: fraud. Many of Trump’s working-class voters must have been a bit stunned to see that his top economic priority was not them, but a tiny group dwelling in luxury at the very tippy top of the ladder: the very Wall Street bankers he campaigned against. Cheered on by House Speaker Paul Ryan and the other corporate-owned GOP congressional leaders, Trump rushed out a “reform” proposal to undo essential financial restrictions that help keep the banksters from defrauding and gouging workaday people. For example, “Trump & Company” wants to save the poor financial giants from a consumer protection called the “fiduciary rule.” If you’ve got a 401(k) retirement plan, chances are its investments have been done on your behalf by a firm of financial advisers, so this rule simply requires them to act in your best interest, rather than shifting your money into risky investments that pay them bigger commissions. Prior to the 2015 enactment of this ethics provision, many advisers were serving themselves, gleefully ripping off their customers (mostly ordinary working families) to the tune of $17 billion a year! That’s real money, even if immorally gained, and the industry has lobbied hard (but unsuccessfully) to kill the legal requirement that money advisers deal honestly with their clients. Then, hallelujah, along comes a president who’s known for dishonest business dealings. So — violà — suddenly Wall Street is being liberated from the shackles of ethics, shouting, “Free at last, free at last! Thank Donald Almighty, we are free at last” — to gouge again. More Jim Hightower. Comments Watch This Next WATCH: Baby boomers, it's all your fault! Alli Joseph Pornhub wants to make sure you "get plowed" this snowstorm — literally Jeremy Binckes WATCH: Sex sparked Mr. Feeny's real-life marriage — William Daniels, Bonnie Bartlett reflect on relationship Jeremy Binckes video Home | About | Advertising | Contact | Corrections | Help | Investor Relations | Privacy | Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Salon Media Group, Inc. Reproduction of material from any Salon pages without written permission is strictly prohibited. SALON ® is registered in the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office as a trademark of Salon Media Group Inc. Associated Press articles: Copyright © 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Our products News terminal Oil and gas Banking analytics OUR PRODUCTS NEWS TERMINAL READ MORE ORDER NOW Access to a large news base since 2006 News selected on topics and regions - oil and gas, business, politics, IT, the South Caucasus, the Caspian Sea region, Central Asia No banner advertising BANKING ANALYTICS READ MORE ORDER NOW Ranking of the Azerbaijani banking sector (ranking includes the information component of the banking sector, the main events of the world economy, the analytical review of the main indices of the banks which are being ranked) DAILY NEWS READ MORE ORDER NOW Latest news about the economy, politics, energy in the South Caucasus, the Caspian Sea region and Central Asia The news is sent to your e-mail daily OIL & GAS READ MORE ORDER NOW Major events in the oil and gas sector Announcement of the beginning of construction work in the energy sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector News of the world companies in the field of oil and gas ENERGY PROJECTS REVIEW READ MORE ORDER NOW Status of Azerbaijani offshore oil and gas projects Export of oil and oil products from Azerbaijan with indication of the route Information about the prices on oil and oil products in the country and abroad WEEKLY BUSINESS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW Economic review of all sectors of the Azerbaijani economy Last week review Laws, orders and decrees in Azerbaijan for the week Tenders in the region for the week MONTHLY BUSINESS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW General economic situation in Azerbaijan Prices and situation on Azerbaijan’s consumer market Investments in Azerbaijani economy IT sector of Azerbaijan Foreign trade of Azerbaijan BUILDING & LOGISTICS MONITORING READ MORE ORDER NOW All news about construction sectors of Azerbaijan, Caucasus and Central Asia Statistics on cargo transportation Joint projects with international financial institutions for development of transport infrastructure of the regional countries IRAN ENERGY MARKET READ MORE ORDER NOW Major events in Iran’s oil and gas sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector Analytics of local and foreign experts in this sector New agreements and contracts on cooperation IRAN REVIEW READ MORE ORDER NOW Iran's foreign trade Iran’s macroeconomic indices Indices of foreign economic activity Situation in Iran’s banking sector CENTRAL ASIA ECONOMIC OUTLOOK READ MORE ORDER NOW Macroeconomic indices of the region News about the transport sector Foreign economic activity News about construction and tenders CENTRAL ASIA ENERGY MARKET READ MORE ORDER NOW Oil and gas sector in Central Asian countries Analytics of local and foreign experts in this sector Statistics on all indices of the energy sector TENDER WEEKLY REPORT READ MORE ORDER NOW Information about tenders announced in Azerbaijan, Iran and Central Asia during a week. ORDER TRIAL VERSION CONTACT US E-MAIL: sales@trend.az PHONE: +994 50 669-48-84 CONTACT PERSON: Azad Abdulrahimzade RU AZ EN TR FA Login Sign up Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Latest Azerbaijan Politics Business Nagorno-Karabakh conflict Society Other News Business Oil&Gas IT Economy news Iran Nuclear Program Politics Business Society Central Asia Kyrgyzstan Kazakhstan Turkmenistan Tajikistan Uzbekistan South Caucasus Armenia Georgia World Turkey Arab World Israel Arab-Israel Relations Other News Analysis Home World Other News Trump vows border wall's price will come 'way down' like F-35 cost 11 February 2017 19:15 (UTC+04:00) 0 0 US President Donald Trump pledged on Saturday to reduce the cost of the wall set to be constructed on the border between the United States and Mexico, Sputnik reported. He cited the costs of F-35 fighter jet and the Air Force One programs as an example of his intervention leading to a lower price of the projects. "I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!" Trump wrote on Twitter. In January, Trump announced that the price of F-35 Joint Strike Fighter program would be reduced by some $600 million following an agreement with Lockheed Martin, the US defense contractor in charge of the program. Trump has also discussed the possibility of reducing the cost of the new Air Force One Airplane with Boeing CEO Dennis Muilenburg. On January 25, Trump issued an executive order aimed at speeding up the construction of the wall along the US-Mexico border, delivering on his signature campaign pledge. Trump’s demand that Mexico fully covers the cost of the border wall has prompted Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto to cancel a planned summit with Trump in Washington, DC which had been slated to be held earlier in February. The Mexican government has said it would not pay for the border wall. Tags: Mexico USA Related news US Secretary of State to meet Turkish president Other News 04:07 U.S., South Korean military chiefs discuss North Korean threat Other News 15 March 07:30 Trump gives CIA authority to conduct drone strikes Other News 14 March 07:01 Merkel postpones trip to meet Trump due to winter storm Other News 14 March 02:35 US attorney Bharara says he was fired after not resigning Other News 12 March 02:23 BP becomes first int’l oil company serving Mexican consumers Oil&Gas 10 March 15:25 Congress may overturn Obama internet privacy rules Other News 9 March 04:06 U.S. judge allows Hawaii to challenge Trump's new travel ban Other News 9 March 00:23 U.S. seeks to dismiss appeal of Trump travel ban ruling Other News 8 March 07:10 Train collides with charter bus in Mississippi, fatalities and injuries (UPDATE) Other News 8 March 04:34 US confiscation of $1.6b Iran assets in Luxemburg against int'l law Politics 7 March 21:02 U.S. strike in Yemen kills former Guantanamo Bay detainee Arab World 7 March 06:05 North Korea rejects U.N. accusations of sanctions violations Other News 7 March 01:52 Putin’s spokesman warns US media ‘hysteria’ hurts US-Russia ties Other News 7 March 00:52 Liver transplant pioneer Thomas Starzl dies aged 90 Other News 6 March 00:37 Mexico police rescue 31 illegal cuban migrants in Cancun Other News 5 March 04:16 Blast kills at least 3 in Mexico town hit by December fireworks explosion Other News 5 March 03:30 Pence says his private email use was not the same as Clinton's Other News 4 March 06:14 Most popular Iran asks UN to end human rights rapporteur’s mission Kazakhstan's banking sector faces another tough year, S&P says “Crimes committed in Khojaly are being committed in Syria, Iraq” Big Kazakh bank may enter Azerbaijani market Commentary End of Iran’s fiscal year: gas output at 820 mcm/d Expert: Azerbaijan-Armenia peace platform of great importance “Crimes committed in Khojaly are being committed in Syria, Iraq” About Our Team Partners Our products Info Service News archive Contacts 14, Bakhtiyar Vahabzade, Baku, Azerbaijan, AZ1141 +(994 12) 497-31-72 agency@trend.az +(994 12) 497-30-89 © 2017 Trend News Agency Terms of use
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Follow White House Stories Resize Text Print Article Comments White House The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new White House stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it PowerPost Follow @powerpost Get The Daily 202 Newsletter Subscribe Follow White House Stories Trump insists he can bring the cost of $21.6 billion border wall ‘way down’ White House The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new White House stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Philip Rucker By Philip Rucker February 11 Follow @PhilipRucker President Trump tweeted Saturday morning that he vows to negotiate the costs of constructing a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border, after a government analysis estimated the price at $21.6 billion. (Reuters) President Trump vowed in a pair of tweets Saturday morning to negotiate the costs of constructing a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border “way down,” after a government analysis estimated the price at a whopping $21.6 billion. An internal report prepared by the Department of Homeland Security and reviewed by Reuters this past week estimated that the wall would cost $21.6 billion and take 3 ½ years to construct. DHS spokesman David Lapan told The Washington Post on Saturday that the department is still developing cost estimates and that “any such document is deliberative and pre-decisional.” Reacting to the estimate, Trump tweeted: “I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the…design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!” I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the….. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 11, 2017 …design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 11, 2017 Trump sent his tweets from his Mar-a-Lago estate in Palm Beach, Fla., where he and first lady Melania are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife, Akie. 1 of 25 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × See what it looks like along the border fence between the U.S. and Mexico View Photos About 650 miles of fencing is already in place in parts of Texas, New Mexico, Arizona and California, but the border is nearly 2,000 miles long. Caption About 650 miles of fencing is already in place in parts of Texas, New Mexico, Arizona and California, but the border is nearly 2,000 miles long. Jan. 26, 2017 A photo taken by a drone shows the fencing on the border on the outskirts of Tijuana, Mexico. Mario Vazquez/AFP/Getty Images Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. During his transition period before being sworn in as president, Trump spoke with executives of Lockheed Martin and Boeing to try to negotiate down the costs of the government’s contracts to build new F-35 fighter jets and a modern Air Force One jumbo jet. After the discussions, both companies, highly dependent on government defense contracts, announced efforts to reduce costs on the programs. [Initial estimate: Trump’s wall will cost more than a year of the space program] The border wall is a signature campaign promise of Trump’s. He said on the campaign trail that it would cost only about $8 billion, but that seems to have been an unreasonably low estimate. President Trump has repeatedly asserted that "Mexico will pay" for his proposed southern border wall – but he's also said the U.S. will be reimbursed by Mexico after building it with taxpayer funds. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post) Trump prides himself on his negotiating abilities. As a real estate developer, he famously squeezed contractors for profits, yet still often experienced massive cost overruns. Government contracting is more prescribed than in the private sector, of course, and involves an open bidding process. 1 of 86 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × See what President Trump has been doing since taking office View Photos The beginning of his term has featured controversial executive orders and frequent conflicts with the media. Caption The beginning of his term has featured controversial executive orders and frequent conflicts with the media. March 15, 2017 President Trump, left, takes a tour of the Hermitage, the home of President Andrew Jackson, to commemorate Jackson's 250th birthday in Nashville. Evan Vucci/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue. powerpost powerpost false endOfArticle true Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Philip Rucker is the White House Bureau Chief for The Washington Post. He previously has covered Congress, the Obama White House, and the 2012 and 2016 presidential campaigns. He joined The Post in 2005 as a local news reporter. Follow @PhilipRucker Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 What's getting cut in Trump's budget 2 Analysis The 19 agencies that Trump’s budget would kill, explained 3 Analysis Donald Trump’s explanation of his wire-tapping tweets will shock and amaze you 4 Trump adviser Flynn paid by multiple Russia-related entities, new records show 5 Perspective A day in the life of a poor American under Trump’s proposed budget powerpost powerpost Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices
Close Skip to main content The Guardian Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech opinion opinion home Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning columnists sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home books music art & design tv & radio stage classical film games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel tech What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video crosswords Facebook Twitter This navigation is new. We'd appreciate your feedback. Share your thoughts here. US world science politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment browse all sections close Rolls-Royce The Observer Bribery and Brexit propel Rolls-Royce towards historic losses A £671m corruption settlement and the plunging pound have conspired to push the engine-maker deep into the red even as underlying trading improves A Rolls-Royce Trent 700 on the production line. Photograph: Bloomberg via Getty Images Rolls-Royce The Observer Bribery and Brexit propel Rolls-Royce towards historic losses A £671m corruption settlement and the plunging pound have conspired to push the engine-maker deep into the red even as underlying trading improves Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close This article is 1 month old Graham Ruddick Saturday 11 February 2017 08.42 EST Last modified on Saturday 11 February 2017 17.00 EST Rolls-Royce will report one of the biggest losses in British corporate history this week as Brexit and a corruption scandal leave an indelible mark on the famous aerospace company. City analysts have forecast that Rolls could report a pre-tax loss of more than £4bn – its worst ever – due to the sharp decline in the value of the pound and the £671m penalty that the company has agreed to pay to settle corruption allegations. Accounting rules mean Rolls will be forced to write down the value of its currency hedges to reflect sterling’s slump. The pound has lost almost a fifth of its value against the dollar since Britain voted to leave the EU last June. Rolls hedges billions of pounds of cash to protect itself against currency fluctuations because deals in the aerospace industry are conducted in dollars. The financial results will also recognise the impact of the £671m penalty that Rolls agreed with authorities in the UK, US and Brazil to settle corruption charges. Although Rolls will make the payment over five years – with £293m expected to be paid in the first year – it is likely to recognise the full cost in the latest accounts as an impairment charge. The pre-tax loss will be the biggest in the history of Rolls, although it is a non-cash loss that reflects a change in the value of assets in its accounts rather than cash actually leaving the business. The biggest loss in British history is the £24bn recorded by Royal Bank of Scotland for 2008. RBS reported another £8.3bn loss for 2013, while Vodafone reported a £22bn loss in 2006 and a £13.5bn loss in 2002. Other milestones include a £8.5bn loss for HBOS in 2008 after it was bought by Lloyds, £6.5bn for Cable & Wireless in 2003, Tesco’s £6.4bn in 2015, and £4.5bn for BP last year. Warren East, Rolls’s chief executive, will face questions about the corruption scandal when he presents the results, such as how it was allowed to happen, what has been done to ensure it does not happen again, and whether the company could lose contracts due to the damage to its reputation. He has already apologised and called the behaviour that was uncovered “completely unacceptable”. However, an industry source said he was prepared to “address the issue front and centre and not shy away from it”. Rolls agreed to the settlement over allegations that it bribed middlemen around the world between 1989 and 2013 to win contracts. Sir Brian Leveson, who approved the so-called deferred prosecution in court, said the SFO’s investigation into Rolls had revealed “the most serious breaches of the criminal law in the areas of bribery and corruption” and that some of the charges “implicated senior management and, on the face of it, controlling minds of the company”. However, the judge praised the co-operation of the company’s existing management, which allowed Rolls to settle with the SFO rather than face a damaging criminal trial. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Rolls-Royce’s chief executive, Warren East. Photograph: Bloomberg via Getty Images Despite the penalty and the record loss, East is likely to be in a positive mood when he presents the results. This is because the underlying performance of Rolls is gradually improving. The company has already told shareholders that it enjoyed a “good finish” to the year, with underlying profit – which excludes the impact of sterling’s decline and the SFO penalty – ahead of expectations. The consensus in the City is that underlying profits in 2016 were £687m, down from £1.4bn in 2015. However, they are predicting a rise back to £861m this year. East has been trying to overhaul the engine-maker since replacing John Rishton as chief executive in 2015. He inherited a company that was struggling after a long run of success. Revenues were falling for the first time in a decade and underlying profits were down, prompting East to cut the dividend payout for shareholders for the first time in 24 years in 2016. Rolls, which makes engines for Boeing’s 787 Dreamliners and Airbus’s A380 superjumbos among others, has been affected by lower-than expected demand for the wide-bodied airliners to which it supplies engines. But it has also been hurt by cuts to defence spending and the decline in the oil price, which has lowered demand from the offshore oil and gas industry for its marine products. A year ago, in a sign of the pressure on the company, Rolls was forced to appoint the chief operating officer of ValueAct to its board after the US activist investor built up a stake and called for change. Since then however, Bradley Singer, ValueAct’s representative, has stayed quiet, publicly at least. Meanwhile, East has focused on making Rolls more efficient and accelerating the pace at which it builds engines. He has cut hundreds of middle and senior managers and by the end of 2017 wants to have cut £200m of annual costs. The Rolls boss has effectively backed the company’s technology – and its pipeline of future development – but wants it to be a better manufacturer. Howard Wheeldon, a veteran defence and aerospace analysts, said that East had “taken the bulls by the horns”. He said: “Rolls was paying the price for making a few mistakes in the past. They did not focus on efficiency. They are now, but they didn’t. They allowed the company to become middle-heavy, and top-heavy actually.” The settlement with the SFO ends a four-year probe – although individuals linked to allegations are still being investigated – and Wheeldon said Rolls could now focus on its future. “What happened was a negative, but the positive is that we now have a settlement,” he said. “They can now move on with more clarity than they have in the last four years. They are on course with the plan they set out, but there is still a long, long way to go.” Topics Rolls-Royce The Observer Manufacturing sector news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business selected travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business selected economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Business › Rolls-Royce back to top US world science politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Lapshin extradition ‘Lukashenko’s provocation against Russia’ – analyst 17:30 • 11.02.17 Tweet The Belarusian authorities’ decision to extradite Alexander Lapshin to Azerbaijan was a hint of provocation by President Alexander Lukashenko against Russia, according to Victor Konaplev, a Russian political commentator. “Lukashenko, who looks for every possible occasion to do harm to Russia, has found a failure like [Azerbaijani President Ilham] Aliyev, who is practically unable to invent a good way to take revenge upon Russia over [Foreign Minister Sergey] Lavrov’s statement saying that Nagorno-Karabakh should not be on Azerbaijan’s domestic policy agenda. So they together [Aliyev and Lukashenko] came up with a small illicit trick as this,” he told Tert.am, commenting on the scandal surrounding the Russian-Azerbaijani blogger. Describing the criminal case against Lapshin as a “mosquito’s bite” for Russia, Konaplyov said he expects the country’s government “to draw relevant conclusions after all this” to react correspondingly “Travelling to Minsk isn’t now certainly safe for a person who has ever visited Artsakh [Nagorno-Karabakh]. We know many people did that in the past, and their number is expected to increase. What happened was a kind of free advertisement for Artsakh,” the analyst said.   In his words, Lukashenko’s policy is a clear sign that his country is not going to be of any help to Armenia in the current tensions with Azerbaijan.   “Aliyev has found a good ally in the person of the Belarusian president to block the activities of the Collective Security Treaty Organization (CSTO). So I will not be surprised to hear of another incident on the Line of Contact between Nagorno-Karabakh and Azerbaijan in the near future. The CSTO will not offer any assistance to Armenia unless, of course, Russia demonstrates its principled stance underlying the Armenian-Russian strategic alliance,” Konaplyov added. Tigranuhi Martirosyan Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 16:21 • 15/03 Putin highly praises developing partnership with Armenia 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:11 • 14/03 Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen 16:43 • 14/03 World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:20 • 14/03 French ambassador hails cooperation with Armenia 15:48 • 14/03 Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit 13:52 • 14/03 New EU-Armenia deal outlines frameworks of broad cooperation and dialogue – official 11:46 • 14/03 Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president 11:25 • 14/03 Turkey targets Dutch with diplomatic sanctions as 'Nazi' row escalates 11:16 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece 11:06 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:57 • 14/03 OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact 10:26 • 14/03 Russia wishes to further strengthen ties with Armenia – Serzh Sargsyan 09:00 • 14/03 Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row 08:38 • 14/03 British Parliament passes Brexit bill 17:33 • 13/03 Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion 17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 17:04 • 13/03 By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort 16:54 • 13/03 Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador 15:51 • 13/03 Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 15:40 • 13/03 Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 14:36 • 13/03 IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin 13:00 • 13/03 Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters 12:45 • 13/03 Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union 12:21 • 13/03 Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 11:41 • 13/03 Both Russia and West interested in Armenian elections – political engineer   10:55 • 13/03 Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones 10:27 • 13/03 Armenia can potentially increase trade turnover with Iran to $1bn - premier 09:54 • 13/03 Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline 09:34 • 13/03 Big data unites study of stars with cancer research 09:25 • 13/03 HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman 09:19 • 13/03 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 08:40 • 13/03 2016 worst year for children in Syria   18:16 • 11/03 Eurasian integration saved Armenia from negative impact of Russian economic crisis  - minister 17:41 • 11/03 Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder 17:30 • 11/03 Russia has real potential to resolve Karabakh conflict - analyst 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 16:53 • 11/03 Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) 16:41 • 11/03 Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister 16:26 • 11/03 Russia determined to defend Armenia against aggression – expert 15:51 • 11/03 Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:54 • 11/03 Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children 14:35 • 11/03 Minister turned oppositionist pledges ‘fight’ against election-rigging 13:58 • 11/03 Russia-Turkey create joint investment fund 13:40 • 11/03 Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh have to react adequately to Azerbaijani aggression – minister 13:04 • 11/03 Turkish FM says threatens sanctions if Netherlands cancels flights   12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   12:24 • 11/03 World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 12:00 • 11/03 Azerbaijan watchdog suspension puts gas pipeline loans at risk - Financial Times 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 17:15 • 10/03 Kim's pet project: Inside the depressing North Korea zoo where tourists once flocked to see a smoking chimp and animals are donated by the world's worst dictators  16:54 • 10/03 Our programs promise changes in all areas – Armenian Renaissance leader 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 15:57 • 10/03 Married men could be ordained to ease priest shortages, says Pope Francis 15:37 • 10/03 Armenian FM blames Azerbaijan for dead-end in Karabakh peace talks 14:46 • 10/03 Armenian Communists launch pre-election campaign 14:07 • 10/03 At least five killed in helicopter crash in Istanbul Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin Armenia Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations Nagorno-Karabakh’s Ministry of Defense says the advance military units of its Defense Army refrained from retaliatory action ... Armenia launches construction of third solar power station ts estimated capacity is up to 1MW. The Public Services Regulatory Commission established tariffs ... Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline Region Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections “Now the election is over in the Netherlands ... When you look at the many parties ... Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections The trend has previously circulated among European countries in various elections. The diplomatic row between the two countries was stoked on March 11 when ... Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row EU hardens stance on Turkey row Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan World US judge blocks Trump's executive order US District Judge Derrick Watson cited "questionable evidence" in the government's argument that the ban was a matter of national ... Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says Trump paid an effective tax rate of 24 percent and saved millions of dollars in additional taxes by claiming the losses ... NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO British Parliament passes Brexit bill IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 2016 worst year for children in Syria   World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 Business New US federal government outlines spending plans The US State Department, which oversees foreign affairs, faces a budget cut of about 28%. And the Environmental Protection Agency is in line ... Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund “We are really happy to welcome our first international co-investing partners from the Commonwealth of Independent States. Armenia is Russia’s ...  China does not want to see trade war with US Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst Science/tech Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts The flaw affected the way both apps process images and multimedia files, in both cases they lack verifying the presence of malicious code ... High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row The attacks, which appeared to be simply a form of political vandalism and used the hashtags #Nazialmanya or #Nazihollanda, took over accounts ... World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America Big data unites study of stars with cancer research Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children Russians scientists reveal plan to restore part of Arctic Siberia to its Ice Age condition Google creates search tool for finding objects within videos Culture Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m The increase follows a recent hike in this year’s film funding pot of nearly $27 million to more than $80 million. Grütter’s office is allocating ... The Matrix reportedly getting reboot Warner Bros is said to be in the early stages of developing a rebooted version of the 1999 cyberpunk classic, with Creed star Michael B Jordan ... Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) Jane Austen's poor sight 'caused by arsenic', study reveals Emma Watson's Beauty and Best ‘a lot darker than thought’ Armsport.am Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  The 19-year-old made his debut for the 2. Bundesliga side in August, and has gone on to play 18 times in all competitions after earning ... Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife "In football what is important is the result, but it is right that we have to improve our play a little more so that the fans can enjoy ... Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder Wenger: Arsenal fans’ opinion factor in my decision over future Britain to host European Judo Championship Barcelona can only offer Lionel Messi a €35 million year contract Argentina football players go on strike Lifestyle English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) Martin Hughes, who goes by the Twitter handle @wefail, taught his girls to hold hands and stand still in the hallway of a London hotel ... Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s The two jets are called the Manhattan Airship and the Hollywood Airship and both are packed with luxe design details from the 1920s and 1930s ... The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls Event Dutch PM hails rejection of populism With more than 90% of votes counted, the VVD had won 33 out of 150 seats, a loss of eight seats from the previous parliament. Mr Wilders' Freedom ... Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours At least one man had to be rescued from his vehicle after it became submerged in floodwaters when it was swept away ... Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister Donald Tusk re-elected European Council president despite Poland’s efforts Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets The Constitutional Court reportedly spent an equivalent of US $ 650 on March 12 to buy a two-way ticket between Yerevan and ... Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president As part of his official visit, Serzh Sargsyan is set to meet President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the future peace efforts over Nagorno-Karabakh ... Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian authorities to spend $100m on parliamentary election 168 Zham: Armenia’s serious warning to Baku Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian communist receive Russian colleagues support ahead of election Zhamanak: Ex Heritage member considering new party plan   Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia to issue $500-700m Eurobonds   Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Zuckerberg reveals virtual reality gloves 15:35 • 11.02.17 Tweet Oculus just got a new piece of virtual reality kit - a glove that lets users type in thin air and even shoot webs like Spider-Man. Mark Zuckerberg, CEO of Facebook, posted photos on his Facebook account yesterday showing off his latest visit to Oculus's research facilities. The photos include pictures of the new VR gloves as well as images of the company's state-of-the-art equipment at its Washington research lab, the Daily Mail reports. "We're working on new ways to bring your hands in virtual and augmented reality," Zuckerberg wrote in the post. "Wearing these gloves, you can draw, type on a virtual keyboard, and even shoot webs like Spider Man. "That's what I'm doing here [in the picture]," he wrote. The gloves appear to attach wirelessly to an Oculus VR headset which projects images to the user as they move the gloves in real-time.     Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 16:21 • 15/03 Putin highly praises developing partnership with Armenia 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:11 • 14/03 Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen 16:43 • 14/03 World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:20 • 14/03 French ambassador hails cooperation with Armenia 15:48 • 14/03 Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit 13:52 • 14/03 New EU-Armenia deal outlines frameworks of broad cooperation and dialogue – official 11:46 • 14/03 Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president 11:25 • 14/03 Turkey targets Dutch with diplomatic sanctions as 'Nazi' row escalates 11:16 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece 11:06 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:57 • 14/03 OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact 10:26 • 14/03 Russia wishes to further strengthen ties with Armenia – Serzh Sargsyan 09:00 • 14/03 Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row 08:38 • 14/03 British Parliament passes Brexit bill 17:33 • 13/03 Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion 17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 17:04 • 13/03 By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort 16:54 • 13/03 Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador 15:51 • 13/03 Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 15:40 • 13/03 Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 14:36 • 13/03 IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin 13:00 • 13/03 Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters 12:45 • 13/03 Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union 12:21 • 13/03 Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 11:41 • 13/03 Both Russia and West interested in Armenian elections – political engineer   10:55 • 13/03 Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones 10:27 • 13/03 Armenia can potentially increase trade turnover with Iran to $1bn - premier 09:54 • 13/03 Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline 09:34 • 13/03 Big data unites study of stars with cancer research 09:25 • 13/03 HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman 09:19 • 13/03 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 08:40 • 13/03 2016 worst year for children in Syria   18:16 • 11/03 Eurasian integration saved Armenia from negative impact of Russian economic crisis  - minister 17:41 • 11/03 Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder 17:30 • 11/03 Russia has real potential to resolve Karabakh conflict - analyst 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 16:53 • 11/03 Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) 16:41 • 11/03 Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister 16:26 • 11/03 Russia determined to defend Armenia against aggression – expert 15:51 • 11/03 Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:54 • 11/03 Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children 14:35 • 11/03 Minister turned oppositionist pledges ‘fight’ against election-rigging 13:58 • 11/03 Russia-Turkey create joint investment fund 13:40 • 11/03 Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh have to react adequately to Azerbaijani aggression – minister 13:04 • 11/03 Turkish FM says threatens sanctions if Netherlands cancels flights   12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   12:24 • 11/03 World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 12:00 • 11/03 Azerbaijan watchdog suspension puts gas pipeline loans at risk - Financial Times 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 17:15 • 10/03 Kim's pet project: Inside the depressing North Korea zoo where tourists once flocked to see a smoking chimp and animals are donated by the world's worst dictators  16:54 • 10/03 Our programs promise changes in all areas – Armenian Renaissance leader 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 15:57 • 10/03 Married men could be ordained to ease priest shortages, says Pope Francis 15:37 • 10/03 Armenian FM blames Azerbaijan for dead-end in Karabakh peace talks 14:46 • 10/03 Armenian Communists launch pre-election campaign 14:07 • 10/03 At least five killed in helicopter crash in Istanbul Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin Armenia Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations Nagorno-Karabakh’s Ministry of Defense says the advance military units of its Defense Army refrained from retaliatory action ... Armenia launches construction of third solar power station ts estimated capacity is up to 1MW. The Public Services Regulatory Commission established tariffs ... Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline Region Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections “Now the election is over in the Netherlands ... When you look at the many parties ... Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections The trend has previously circulated among European countries in various elections. The diplomatic row between the two countries was stoked on March 11 when ... Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row EU hardens stance on Turkey row Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan World US judge blocks Trump's executive order US District Judge Derrick Watson cited "questionable evidence" in the government's argument that the ban was a matter of national ... Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says Trump paid an effective tax rate of 24 percent and saved millions of dollars in additional taxes by claiming the losses ... NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO British Parliament passes Brexit bill IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 2016 worst year for children in Syria   World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 Business New US federal government outlines spending plans The US State Department, which oversees foreign affairs, faces a budget cut of about 28%. And the Environmental Protection Agency is in line ... Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund “We are really happy to welcome our first international co-investing partners from the Commonwealth of Independent States. Armenia is Russia’s ...  China does not want to see trade war with US Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst Science/tech Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts The flaw affected the way both apps process images and multimedia files, in both cases they lack verifying the presence of malicious code ... High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row The attacks, which appeared to be simply a form of political vandalism and used the hashtags #Nazialmanya or #Nazihollanda, took over accounts ... World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America Big data unites study of stars with cancer research Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children Russians scientists reveal plan to restore part of Arctic Siberia to its Ice Age condition Google creates search tool for finding objects within videos Culture Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m The increase follows a recent hike in this year’s film funding pot of nearly $27 million to more than $80 million. Grütter’s office is allocating ... The Matrix reportedly getting reboot Warner Bros is said to be in the early stages of developing a rebooted version of the 1999 cyberpunk classic, with Creed star Michael B Jordan ... Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) Jane Austen's poor sight 'caused by arsenic', study reveals Emma Watson's Beauty and Best ‘a lot darker than thought’ Armsport.am Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  The 19-year-old made his debut for the 2. Bundesliga side in August, and has gone on to play 18 times in all competitions after earning ... Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife "In football what is important is the result, but it is right that we have to improve our play a little more so that the fans can enjoy ... Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder Wenger: Arsenal fans’ opinion factor in my decision over future Britain to host European Judo Championship Barcelona can only offer Lionel Messi a €35 million year contract Argentina football players go on strike Lifestyle English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) Martin Hughes, who goes by the Twitter handle @wefail, taught his girls to hold hands and stand still in the hallway of a London hotel ... Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s The two jets are called the Manhattan Airship and the Hollywood Airship and both are packed with luxe design details from the 1920s and 1930s ... The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls Event Dutch PM hails rejection of populism With more than 90% of votes counted, the VVD had won 33 out of 150 seats, a loss of eight seats from the previous parliament. Mr Wilders' Freedom ... Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours At least one man had to be rescued from his vehicle after it became submerged in floodwaters when it was swept away ... Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister Donald Tusk re-elected European Council president despite Poland’s efforts Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets The Constitutional Court reportedly spent an equivalent of US $ 650 on March 12 to buy a two-way ticket between Yerevan and ... Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president As part of his official visit, Serzh Sargsyan is set to meet President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the future peace efforts over Nagorno-Karabakh ... Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian authorities to spend $100m on parliamentary election 168 Zham: Armenia’s serious warning to Baku Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian communist receive Russian colleagues support ahead of election Zhamanak: Ex Heritage member considering new party plan   Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia to issue $500-700m Eurobonds   Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Lapshin case gives Azerbaijan reason to ‘disappoint’ Armenia - opinion 15:17 • 11.02.17 Tweet The criminal case against Alexander Lapshin is a good reason for Azerbaijan to spur disappointment in Armenia, says a Yerevan-based information security expert. Tigran Kocharyan made the remark at a news conference on Saturday as he commented upon the Russian-Israeli blogger’s extradition to Baku. Meantime he did not rule out the possibility that Lapshin may soon even apologize to the Azerbaijani authorities in anticipation of being released. “What we need to understand at the moment is that Lapshin is a captive, and captives are at times permitted to do things that would save their lives,” he said. The expert noted that after the scandal surrounding the case, Azerbaijan has been issuing threats to “blacklisted” foreigners or potential visitors to the Nagorno-Karabakh (Artsakh) Republic in an effort to attract attention. “But there are people who are not afraid of such threats, and so they have decided to visit [Artsakh],” he added.     Hripsime Hovhannsyan Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 16:21 • 15/03 Putin highly praises developing partnership with Armenia 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:11 • 14/03 Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen 16:43 • 14/03 World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:20 • 14/03 French ambassador hails cooperation with Armenia 15:48 • 14/03 Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit 13:52 • 14/03 New EU-Armenia deal outlines frameworks of broad cooperation and dialogue – official 11:46 • 14/03 Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president 11:25 • 14/03 Turkey targets Dutch with diplomatic sanctions as 'Nazi' row escalates 11:16 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece 11:06 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:57 • 14/03 OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact 10:26 • 14/03 Russia wishes to further strengthen ties with Armenia – Serzh Sargsyan 09:00 • 14/03 Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row 08:38 • 14/03 British Parliament passes Brexit bill 17:33 • 13/03 Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion 17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 17:04 • 13/03 By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort 16:54 • 13/03 Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador 15:51 • 13/03 Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 15:40 • 13/03 Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 14:36 • 13/03 IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin 13:00 • 13/03 Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters 12:45 • 13/03 Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union 12:21 • 13/03 Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 11:41 • 13/03 Both Russia and West interested in Armenian elections – political engineer   10:55 • 13/03 Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones 10:27 • 13/03 Armenia can potentially increase trade turnover with Iran to $1bn - premier 09:54 • 13/03 Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline 09:34 • 13/03 Big data unites study of stars with cancer research 09:25 • 13/03 HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman 09:19 • 13/03 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 08:40 • 13/03 2016 worst year for children in Syria   18:16 • 11/03 Eurasian integration saved Armenia from negative impact of Russian economic crisis  - minister 17:41 • 11/03 Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder 17:30 • 11/03 Russia has real potential to resolve Karabakh conflict - analyst 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 16:53 • 11/03 Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) 16:41 • 11/03 Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister 16:26 • 11/03 Russia determined to defend Armenia against aggression – expert 15:51 • 11/03 Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:54 • 11/03 Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children 14:35 • 11/03 Minister turned oppositionist pledges ‘fight’ against election-rigging 13:58 • 11/03 Russia-Turkey create joint investment fund 13:40 • 11/03 Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh have to react adequately to Azerbaijani aggression – minister 13:04 • 11/03 Turkish FM says threatens sanctions if Netherlands cancels flights   12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   12:24 • 11/03 World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 12:00 • 11/03 Azerbaijan watchdog suspension puts gas pipeline loans at risk - Financial Times 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 17:15 • 10/03 Kim's pet project: Inside the depressing North Korea zoo where tourists once flocked to see a smoking chimp and animals are donated by the world's worst dictators  16:54 • 10/03 Our programs promise changes in all areas – Armenian Renaissance leader 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 15:57 • 10/03 Married men could be ordained to ease priest shortages, says Pope Francis 15:37 • 10/03 Armenian FM blames Azerbaijan for dead-end in Karabakh peace talks 14:46 • 10/03 Armenian Communists launch pre-election campaign 14:07 • 10/03 At least five killed in helicopter crash in Istanbul Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin Armenia Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations Nagorno-Karabakh’s Ministry of Defense says the advance military units of its Defense Army refrained from retaliatory action ... Armenia launches construction of third solar power station ts estimated capacity is up to 1MW. The Public Services Regulatory Commission established tariffs ... Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline Region Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections “Now the election is over in the Netherlands ... When you look at the many parties ... Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections The trend has previously circulated among European countries in various elections. The diplomatic row between the two countries was stoked on March 11 when ... Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row EU hardens stance on Turkey row Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan World US judge blocks Trump's executive order US District Judge Derrick Watson cited "questionable evidence" in the government's argument that the ban was a matter of national ... Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says Trump paid an effective tax rate of 24 percent and saved millions of dollars in additional taxes by claiming the losses ... NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO British Parliament passes Brexit bill IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 2016 worst year for children in Syria   World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 Business New US federal government outlines spending plans The US State Department, which oversees foreign affairs, faces a budget cut of about 28%. And the Environmental Protection Agency is in line ... Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund “We are really happy to welcome our first international co-investing partners from the Commonwealth of Independent States. Armenia is Russia’s ...  China does not want to see trade war with US Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst Science/tech Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts The flaw affected the way both apps process images and multimedia files, in both cases they lack verifying the presence of malicious code ... High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row The attacks, which appeared to be simply a form of political vandalism and used the hashtags #Nazialmanya or #Nazihollanda, took over accounts ... World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America Big data unites study of stars with cancer research Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children Russians scientists reveal plan to restore part of Arctic Siberia to its Ice Age condition Google creates search tool for finding objects within videos Culture Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m The increase follows a recent hike in this year’s film funding pot of nearly $27 million to more than $80 million. Grütter’s office is allocating ... The Matrix reportedly getting reboot Warner Bros is said to be in the early stages of developing a rebooted version of the 1999 cyberpunk classic, with Creed star Michael B Jordan ... Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) Jane Austen's poor sight 'caused by arsenic', study reveals Emma Watson's Beauty and Best ‘a lot darker than thought’ Armsport.am Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  The 19-year-old made his debut for the 2. Bundesliga side in August, and has gone on to play 18 times in all competitions after earning ... Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife "In football what is important is the result, but it is right that we have to improve our play a little more so that the fans can enjoy ... Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder Wenger: Arsenal fans’ opinion factor in my decision over future Britain to host European Judo Championship Barcelona can only offer Lionel Messi a €35 million year contract Argentina football players go on strike Lifestyle English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) Martin Hughes, who goes by the Twitter handle @wefail, taught his girls to hold hands and stand still in the hallway of a London hotel ... Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s The two jets are called the Manhattan Airship and the Hollywood Airship and both are packed with luxe design details from the 1920s and 1930s ... The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls Event Dutch PM hails rejection of populism With more than 90% of votes counted, the VVD had won 33 out of 150 seats, a loss of eight seats from the previous parliament. Mr Wilders' Freedom ... Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours At least one man had to be rescued from his vehicle after it became submerged in floodwaters when it was swept away ... Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister Donald Tusk re-elected European Council president despite Poland’s efforts Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets The Constitutional Court reportedly spent an equivalent of US $ 650 on March 12 to buy a two-way ticket between Yerevan and ... Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president As part of his official visit, Serzh Sargsyan is set to meet President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the future peace efforts over Nagorno-Karabakh ... Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian authorities to spend $100m on parliamentary election 168 Zham: Armenia’s serious warning to Baku Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian communist receive Russian colleagues support ahead of election Zhamanak: Ex Heritage member considering new party plan   Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia to issue $500-700m Eurobonds   Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Armenian citizens must be warned against visiting Belarus – political engineer 13:52 • 11.02.17 Tweet Alexander Lapshin’s extradition to Azerbaijan is a good occasion for the Belarusian president to gain maximum dividends from Russia, a political engineer has said, highlighting the need of strong state efforts towards warning Armenian citizens against visiting the country. At a news conference on Saturday, Karen Bekaryan also called for the Armenian diplomacy to adopt a tougher stance on the scandal surrounding the Russian-Azerbaijani blogger. “We shouldn’t stick to the wait-and-see policy,” he said, complaining about the diplomatic corps’ ‘not quite adequate work’. In his words, the Armenian diplomacy should express concerns over the fate of those citizens who may ever visit Belarus (lest they should encounter a similar problem). “It is important, for instance, to give Armenian citizens a warning on the state level against visiting Belarus,” he added. Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 16:21 • 15/03 Putin highly praises developing partnership with Armenia 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:11 • 14/03 Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen 16:43 • 14/03 World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:20 • 14/03 French ambassador hails cooperation with Armenia 15:48 • 14/03 Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit 13:52 • 14/03 New EU-Armenia deal outlines frameworks of broad cooperation and dialogue – official 11:46 • 14/03 Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president 11:25 • 14/03 Turkey targets Dutch with diplomatic sanctions as 'Nazi' row escalates 11:16 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece 11:06 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:57 • 14/03 OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact 10:26 • 14/03 Russia wishes to further strengthen ties with Armenia – Serzh Sargsyan 09:00 • 14/03 Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row 08:38 • 14/03 British Parliament passes Brexit bill 17:33 • 13/03 Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion 17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 17:04 • 13/03 By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort 16:54 • 13/03 Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador 15:51 • 13/03 Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 15:40 • 13/03 Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 14:36 • 13/03 IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin 13:00 • 13/03 Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters 12:45 • 13/03 Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union 12:21 • 13/03 Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 11:41 • 13/03 Both Russia and West interested in Armenian elections – political engineer   10:55 • 13/03 Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones 10:27 • 13/03 Armenia can potentially increase trade turnover with Iran to $1bn - premier 09:54 • 13/03 Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline 09:34 • 13/03 Big data unites study of stars with cancer research 09:25 • 13/03 HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman 09:19 • 13/03 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 08:40 • 13/03 2016 worst year for children in Syria   18:16 • 11/03 Eurasian integration saved Armenia from negative impact of Russian economic crisis  - minister 17:41 • 11/03 Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder 17:30 • 11/03 Russia has real potential to resolve Karabakh conflict - analyst 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 16:53 • 11/03 Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) 16:41 • 11/03 Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister 16:26 • 11/03 Russia determined to defend Armenia against aggression – expert 15:51 • 11/03 Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:54 • 11/03 Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children 14:35 • 11/03 Minister turned oppositionist pledges ‘fight’ against election-rigging 13:58 • 11/03 Russia-Turkey create joint investment fund 13:40 • 11/03 Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh have to react adequately to Azerbaijani aggression – minister 13:04 • 11/03 Turkish FM says threatens sanctions if Netherlands cancels flights   12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   12:24 • 11/03 World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 12:00 • 11/03 Azerbaijan watchdog suspension puts gas pipeline loans at risk - Financial Times 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 17:15 • 10/03 Kim's pet project: Inside the depressing North Korea zoo where tourists once flocked to see a smoking chimp and animals are donated by the world's worst dictators  16:54 • 10/03 Our programs promise changes in all areas – Armenian Renaissance leader 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 15:57 • 10/03 Married men could be ordained to ease priest shortages, says Pope Francis 15:37 • 10/03 Armenian FM blames Azerbaijan for dead-end in Karabakh peace talks 14:46 • 10/03 Armenian Communists launch pre-election campaign 14:07 • 10/03 At least five killed in helicopter crash in Istanbul Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin Armenia Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations Nagorno-Karabakh’s Ministry of Defense says the advance military units of its Defense Army refrained from retaliatory action ... Armenia launches construction of third solar power station ts estimated capacity is up to 1MW. The Public Services Regulatory Commission established tariffs ... Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline Region Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections “Now the election is over in the Netherlands ... When you look at the many parties ... Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections The trend has previously circulated among European countries in various elections. The diplomatic row between the two countries was stoked on March 11 when ... Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row EU hardens stance on Turkey row Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan World US judge blocks Trump's executive order US District Judge Derrick Watson cited "questionable evidence" in the government's argument that the ban was a matter of national ... Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says Trump paid an effective tax rate of 24 percent and saved millions of dollars in additional taxes by claiming the losses ... NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO British Parliament passes Brexit bill IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 2016 worst year for children in Syria   World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 Business New US federal government outlines spending plans The US State Department, which oversees foreign affairs, faces a budget cut of about 28%. And the Environmental Protection Agency is in line ... Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund “We are really happy to welcome our first international co-investing partners from the Commonwealth of Independent States. Armenia is Russia’s ...  China does not want to see trade war with US Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst Science/tech Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts The flaw affected the way both apps process images and multimedia files, in both cases they lack verifying the presence of malicious code ... High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row The attacks, which appeared to be simply a form of political vandalism and used the hashtags #Nazialmanya or #Nazihollanda, took over accounts ... World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America Big data unites study of stars with cancer research Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children Russians scientists reveal plan to restore part of Arctic Siberia to its Ice Age condition Google creates search tool for finding objects within videos Culture Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m The increase follows a recent hike in this year’s film funding pot of nearly $27 million to more than $80 million. Grütter’s office is allocating ... The Matrix reportedly getting reboot Warner Bros is said to be in the early stages of developing a rebooted version of the 1999 cyberpunk classic, with Creed star Michael B Jordan ... Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) Jane Austen's poor sight 'caused by arsenic', study reveals Emma Watson's Beauty and Best ‘a lot darker than thought’ Armsport.am Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  The 19-year-old made his debut for the 2. Bundesliga side in August, and has gone on to play 18 times in all competitions after earning ... Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife "In football what is important is the result, but it is right that we have to improve our play a little more so that the fans can enjoy ... Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder Wenger: Arsenal fans’ opinion factor in my decision over future Britain to host European Judo Championship Barcelona can only offer Lionel Messi a €35 million year contract Argentina football players go on strike Lifestyle English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) Martin Hughes, who goes by the Twitter handle @wefail, taught his girls to hold hands and stand still in the hallway of a London hotel ... Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s The two jets are called the Manhattan Airship and the Hollywood Airship and both are packed with luxe design details from the 1920s and 1930s ... The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls Event Dutch PM hails rejection of populism With more than 90% of votes counted, the VVD had won 33 out of 150 seats, a loss of eight seats from the previous parliament. Mr Wilders' Freedom ... Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours At least one man had to be rescued from his vehicle after it became submerged in floodwaters when it was swept away ... Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister Donald Tusk re-elected European Council president despite Poland’s efforts Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets The Constitutional Court reportedly spent an equivalent of US $ 650 on March 12 to buy a two-way ticket between Yerevan and ... Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president As part of his official visit, Serzh Sargsyan is set to meet President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the future peace efforts over Nagorno-Karabakh ... Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian authorities to spend $100m on parliamentary election 168 Zham: Armenia’s serious warning to Baku Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian communist receive Russian colleagues support ahead of election Zhamanak: Ex Heritage member considering new party plan   Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia to issue $500-700m Eurobonds   Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Skip to main content App RSS SPH A Singapore press holdings portal SearchLogIn Home News Latest Opinion Science And Tech Crime Entertainment Sports The Star/ANN Ady An marries Macau tycoon The New Paper MAS looking at legal tender limit for coins The New Paper 19 outlets in 5 years and Collin's not done yet The New Paper 4 S'poreans charged with sexual assault in Taiwan AsiaOne Street food and soundscapes in BT Weekend Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital The Star/ANN Ady An marries Macau tycoon The New Paper MAS looking at legal tender limit for coins The New Paper 19 outlets in 5 years and Collin's not done yet The New Paper 4 S'poreans charged with sexual assault in Taiwan AsiaOne Street food and soundscapes in BT Weekend Singapore The Star/ANN Ady An marries Macau tycoon The New Paper MAS looking at legal tender limit for coins The New Paper 19 outlets in 5 years and Collin's not done yet The New Paper 4 S'poreans charged with sexual assault in Taiwan AsiaOne Street food and soundscapes in BT Weekend Business The Star/ANN Ady An marries Macau tycoon The New Paper MAS looking at legal tender limit for coins The New Paper 19 outlets in 5 years and Collin's not done yet The New Paper 4 S'poreans charged with sexual assault in Taiwan AsiaOne Street food and soundscapes in BT Weekend Malaysia The Star/ANN Ady An marries Macau tycoon The New Paper MAS looking at legal tender limit for coins The New Paper 19 outlets in 5 years and Collin's not done yet The New Paper 4 S'poreans charged with sexual assault in Taiwan AsiaOne Street food and soundscapes in BT Weekend Asia The Star/ANN Ady An marries Macau tycoon The New Paper MAS looking at legal tender limit for coins The New Paper 19 outlets in 5 years and Collin's not done yet The New Paper 4 S'poreans charged with sexual assault in Taiwan AsiaOne Street food and soundscapes in BT Weekend World The Star/ANN Ady An marries Macau tycoon The New Paper MAS looking at legal tender limit for coins The New Paper 19 outlets in 5 years and Collin's not done yet The New Paper 4 S'poreans charged with sexual assault in Taiwan AsiaOne Street food and soundscapes in BT Weekend Forum Services Horoscope Chinese Zodiac Currency Converter 4D, TOTO & SWEEP Weather toggle menu Search LogIn News Singapore Business Asia World Malaysia Crime Transport Entertainment Sports Opinion Science & Tech Lifestyle Features Women Travel Food Health Digital Luxury Asian Opinions The Straits Times Be bold and take in all uni students through aptitude-based admissions The Straits Times How to make cashless king The Straits Times Plea bargaining, Singapore style The Straits Times Time for Singapore to say 'Yes' to nuclear China Daily/ANN Rising celebrity payments a tax for stupidity The Nation/ANN Saudi King's Asian tour signals changing priorities for Riyadh The Straits Times Why paying people for not having jobs is a bad idea Reuters Kim Jong Un knows exactly what he's doing The Straits Times Getting humans to learn to live in harmony with wildlife The Straits Times An open letter to a taxi driver The New Paper Good time in Asia to change gender norms The Straits Times Consider 'Hack Mindef' initiative to suss out bugs The Straits Times The myths of a China-led global order The Straits Times Ageing Saudi King a seasoned leader keen to keep the status quo The Business Times Do winners always have to fight wars? The Straits Times Add water reporting to companies' sustainability reports The Straits Times Next-generation hawkers: A new recipe for success The New Paper PM Lee did us proud on HARDtalk: reader Dawn/ANN Why we should be concerned that our children are growing immune to terrorist attacks The Straits Times Water price hike necessary, but why now? The Straits Times Lords and Scots add to Theresa May's Brexit woes The Straits Times Riding the wave of growth in cruise travel The Straits Times Hot-button issues pose stiff challenges ahead for president China Daily/ANN Poodle care proves to be perilously expensive proposition The Jakarta Post/ANN Breaking the poverty cycle in Indonesia The Straits Times A child's best motivation comes from within   Page 1 ›› SHOPPING Clean Effectively With Electric Toothbrush Today! Starting from $8.90 Only! Super Auction Q!! Over 100 deals fr. $1! Bid now! Give You Bedroom A New Lease Of Life Now! Super Auction Q! follow us Photos & Videos Saudi King's Asian tour signals changing priorities for Riyadh Why paying people for not having jobs is a bad idea Kim Jong Un knows exactly what he's doing Ageing Saudi King a seasoned leader keen to keep the status quo Add water reporting to companies' sustainability reports Why we should be concerned that our children are growing immune to terrorist attacks Hot-button issues pose stiff challenges ahead for president About Us Contact Us Privacy Statement Follow Us Tell Us   Name * Email Address * Comment * Submit SPH DIGITAL NEWS / ASIAONE GROUP / Copyright © 2017. Singapore Press Holdings Ltd . Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. Terms & Conditions | Personal Data Protection Statement
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Trump urges Iran’s Rouhani ‘to be careful’ 13:03 • 11.02.17 Tweet US President Donald Trump said on Friday that Iran President Hassan Rouhani "better be careful" after Rouhani was quoted as saying that anyone who speaks to Iranians with threats would regret it. Trump was asked in a brief appearance in the press cabin aboard Air Force One about Rouhani's reported remarks to a rally in Tehran to celebrate the anniversary of the Islamic Revolution, Reuters reports. Rouhani was quoted in media reports as saying Iran had shown in the 38 years since the revolution that "it will make anyone who speaks to Iranians with the language of threats regret it." "He better be careful," Trump said. Trump on February 2 put Iran "on notice" over charges that Tehran violated a nuclear deal with the West by test-firing a ballistic missile, taking an aggressive posture toward Iran that could raise tensions in the region. Trump made the comments about Rouhani while flying on the presidential jet carrying him and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe for a weekend at Trump's Mar-a-Lago retreat in Palm Beach, Florida.   Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 16:21 • 15/03 Putin highly praises developing partnership with Armenia 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:11 • 14/03 Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen 16:43 • 14/03 World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:20 • 14/03 French ambassador hails cooperation with Armenia 15:48 • 14/03 Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit 13:52 • 14/03 New EU-Armenia deal outlines frameworks of broad cooperation and dialogue – official 11:46 • 14/03 Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president 11:25 • 14/03 Turkey targets Dutch with diplomatic sanctions as 'Nazi' row escalates 11:16 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece 11:06 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:57 • 14/03 OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact 10:26 • 14/03 Russia wishes to further strengthen ties with Armenia – Serzh Sargsyan 09:00 • 14/03 Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row 08:38 • 14/03 British Parliament passes Brexit bill 17:33 • 13/03 Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion 17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 17:04 • 13/03 By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort 16:54 • 13/03 Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador 15:51 • 13/03 Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 15:40 • 13/03 Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 14:36 • 13/03 IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin 13:00 • 13/03 Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters 12:45 • 13/03 Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union 12:21 • 13/03 Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 11:41 • 13/03 Both Russia and West interested in Armenian elections – political engineer   10:55 • 13/03 Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones 10:27 • 13/03 Armenia can potentially increase trade turnover with Iran to $1bn - premier 09:54 • 13/03 Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline 09:34 • 13/03 Big data unites study of stars with cancer research 09:25 • 13/03 HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman 09:19 • 13/03 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 08:40 • 13/03 2016 worst year for children in Syria   18:16 • 11/03 Eurasian integration saved Armenia from negative impact of Russian economic crisis  - minister 17:41 • 11/03 Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder 17:30 • 11/03 Russia has real potential to resolve Karabakh conflict - analyst 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 16:53 • 11/03 Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) 16:41 • 11/03 Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister 16:26 • 11/03 Russia determined to defend Armenia against aggression – expert 15:51 • 11/03 Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:54 • 11/03 Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children 14:35 • 11/03 Minister turned oppositionist pledges ‘fight’ against election-rigging 13:58 • 11/03 Russia-Turkey create joint investment fund 13:40 • 11/03 Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh have to react adequately to Azerbaijani aggression – minister 13:04 • 11/03 Turkish FM says threatens sanctions if Netherlands cancels flights   12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   12:24 • 11/03 World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 12:00 • 11/03 Azerbaijan watchdog suspension puts gas pipeline loans at risk - Financial Times 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 17:15 • 10/03 Kim's pet project: Inside the depressing North Korea zoo where tourists once flocked to see a smoking chimp and animals are donated by the world's worst dictators  16:54 • 10/03 Our programs promise changes in all areas – Armenian Renaissance leader 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 15:57 • 10/03 Married men could be ordained to ease priest shortages, says Pope Francis 15:37 • 10/03 Armenian FM blames Azerbaijan for dead-end in Karabakh peace talks 14:46 • 10/03 Armenian Communists launch pre-election campaign 14:07 • 10/03 At least five killed in helicopter crash in Istanbul Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin Armenia Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations Nagorno-Karabakh’s Ministry of Defense says the advance military units of its Defense Army refrained from retaliatory action ... Armenia launches construction of third solar power station ts estimated capacity is up to 1MW. The Public Services Regulatory Commission established tariffs ... Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline Region Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections “Now the election is over in the Netherlands ... When you look at the many parties ... Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections The trend has previously circulated among European countries in various elections. The diplomatic row between the two countries was stoked on March 11 when ... Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row EU hardens stance on Turkey row Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan World US judge blocks Trump's executive order US District Judge Derrick Watson cited "questionable evidence" in the government's argument that the ban was a matter of national ... Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says Trump paid an effective tax rate of 24 percent and saved millions of dollars in additional taxes by claiming the losses ... NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO British Parliament passes Brexit bill IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 2016 worst year for children in Syria   World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 Business New US federal government outlines spending plans The US State Department, which oversees foreign affairs, faces a budget cut of about 28%. And the Environmental Protection Agency is in line ... Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund “We are really happy to welcome our first international co-investing partners from the Commonwealth of Independent States. Armenia is Russia’s ...  China does not want to see trade war with US Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst Science/tech Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts The flaw affected the way both apps process images and multimedia files, in both cases they lack verifying the presence of malicious code ... High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row The attacks, which appeared to be simply a form of political vandalism and used the hashtags #Nazialmanya or #Nazihollanda, took over accounts ... World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America Big data unites study of stars with cancer research Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children Russians scientists reveal plan to restore part of Arctic Siberia to its Ice Age condition Google creates search tool for finding objects within videos Culture Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m The increase follows a recent hike in this year’s film funding pot of nearly $27 million to more than $80 million. Grütter’s office is allocating ... The Matrix reportedly getting reboot Warner Bros is said to be in the early stages of developing a rebooted version of the 1999 cyberpunk classic, with Creed star Michael B Jordan ... Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) Jane Austen's poor sight 'caused by arsenic', study reveals Emma Watson's Beauty and Best ‘a lot darker than thought’ Armsport.am Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  The 19-year-old made his debut for the 2. Bundesliga side in August, and has gone on to play 18 times in all competitions after earning ... Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife "In football what is important is the result, but it is right that we have to improve our play a little more so that the fans can enjoy ... Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder Wenger: Arsenal fans’ opinion factor in my decision over future Britain to host European Judo Championship Barcelona can only offer Lionel Messi a €35 million year contract Argentina football players go on strike Lifestyle English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) Martin Hughes, who goes by the Twitter handle @wefail, taught his girls to hold hands and stand still in the hallway of a London hotel ... Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s The two jets are called the Manhattan Airship and the Hollywood Airship and both are packed with luxe design details from the 1920s and 1930s ... The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls Event Dutch PM hails rejection of populism With more than 90% of votes counted, the VVD had won 33 out of 150 seats, a loss of eight seats from the previous parliament. Mr Wilders' Freedom ... Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours At least one man had to be rescued from his vehicle after it became submerged in floodwaters when it was swept away ... Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister Donald Tusk re-elected European Council president despite Poland’s efforts Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets The Constitutional Court reportedly spent an equivalent of US $ 650 on March 12 to buy a two-way ticket between Yerevan and ... Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president As part of his official visit, Serzh Sargsyan is set to meet President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the future peace efforts over Nagorno-Karabakh ... Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian authorities to spend $100m on parliamentary election 168 Zham: Armenia’s serious warning to Baku Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian communist receive Russian colleagues support ahead of election Zhamanak: Ex Heritage member considering new party plan   Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia to issue $500-700m Eurobonds   Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Tert.am ՀԱՅ РУС ENG Weather in Yerevan -1°C day -5°C night World weather report Rates GBP 633.34 EUR 527.77 GEL 203.35 RUB 7.46 USD 476.41 ArmeniaRegionWorldBusinessScience/techCultureArmsport.amLifestyleEventPress digestInterview - Press digest World Business Event Science/Tech Culture Sport Lifestyle Interview Armenia Region About us Nagorno-Karabakh reports intensive Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 12:17 • 11.02.17 Tweet Azerbaijan’s armed forces continued violating the ceasefire along the Line of Contact on the  night of Saturday, releasing intensive gunshots against Armenian defense troops from weapons of different calibers. Nagorno-Karabakh’s Ministry of Defense reports 75 ceasefire violations that saw the adversary shoot fire about 620 times against the defense position. More intensive attacks were observed in the north-eastern direction of the frontline. The advance military units of the Defense Army refrained from retaliatory attacks, confidently continuing their military vigil. Tweet LATEST NEWS • All Today news 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 16:21 • 15/03 Putin highly praises developing partnership with Armenia 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:11 • 14/03 Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen 16:43 • 14/03 World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:20 • 14/03 French ambassador hails cooperation with Armenia 15:48 • 14/03 Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit 13:52 • 14/03 New EU-Armenia deal outlines frameworks of broad cooperation and dialogue – official 11:46 • 14/03 Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president 11:25 • 14/03 Turkey targets Dutch with diplomatic sanctions as 'Nazi' row escalates 11:16 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece 11:06 • 14/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:57 • 14/03 OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact 10:26 • 14/03 Russia wishes to further strengthen ties with Armenia – Serzh Sargsyan 09:00 • 14/03 Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row 08:38 • 14/03 British Parliament passes Brexit bill 17:33 • 13/03 Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion 17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 17:04 • 13/03 By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort 16:54 • 13/03 Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador 15:51 • 13/03 Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 15:40 • 13/03 Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 14:36 • 13/03 IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin 13:00 • 13/03 Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters 12:45 • 13/03 Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union 12:21 • 13/03 Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 11:41 • 13/03 Both Russia and West interested in Armenian elections – political engineer   10:55 • 13/03 Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones 10:27 • 13/03 Armenia can potentially increase trade turnover with Iran to $1bn - premier 09:54 • 13/03 Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline 09:34 • 13/03 Big data unites study of stars with cancer research 09:25 • 13/03 HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman 09:19 • 13/03 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 08:40 • 13/03 2016 worst year for children in Syria   18:16 • 11/03 Eurasian integration saved Armenia from negative impact of Russian economic crisis  - minister 17:41 • 11/03 Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder 17:30 • 11/03 Russia has real potential to resolve Karabakh conflict - analyst 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 16:53 • 11/03 Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) 16:41 • 11/03 Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister 16:26 • 11/03 Russia determined to defend Armenia against aggression – expert 15:51 • 11/03 Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:54 • 11/03 Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children 14:35 • 11/03 Minister turned oppositionist pledges ‘fight’ against election-rigging 13:58 • 11/03 Russia-Turkey create joint investment fund 13:40 • 11/03 Armenia, Nagorno-Karabakh have to react adequately to Azerbaijani aggression – minister 13:04 • 11/03 Turkish FM says threatens sanctions if Netherlands cancels flights   12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   12:24 • 11/03 World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 12:00 • 11/03 Azerbaijan watchdog suspension puts gas pipeline loans at risk - Financial Times 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 17:15 • 10/03 Kim's pet project: Inside the depressing North Korea zoo where tourists once flocked to see a smoking chimp and animals are donated by the world's worst dictators  16:54 • 10/03 Our programs promise changes in all areas – Armenian Renaissance leader 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 15:57 • 10/03 Married men could be ordained to ease priest shortages, says Pope Francis 15:37 • 10/03 Armenian FM blames Azerbaijan for dead-end in Karabakh peace talks 14:46 • 10/03 Armenian Communists launch pre-election campaign 14:07 • 10/03 At least five killed in helicopter crash in Istanbul Most popular articles Today Yesterday For a week 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 12:05 • 16/03 Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections 09:26 • 16/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 11:50 • 16/03 Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets 17:20 • 16/03 Russia willing to assist in Armenia-Turkey rapprochement – Lavrov   16:33 • 16/03 Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m 14:56 • 16/03 Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts 12:31 • 16/03 Armenian premier calls for quality control over diesel fuel supply 08:38 • 16/03 US judge blocks Trump's executive order 10:16 • 16/03 Political parties make populists statements in pre-election platforms – Armenian politician 09:19 • 16/03 English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) 09:00 • 16/03 Dutch PM hails rejection of populism 17:27 • 16/03 Russia ready to assist in Karabakh peace – Putin 10:45 • 16/03 New US federal government outlines spending plans 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 15:45 • 15/03 Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund 09:54 • 15/03 Blacklisted European lawmaker says Baku ‘will not succeed’ 09:08 • 15/03 Istanbul Armenian religious council chair withdraws candidacy 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:03 • 15/03 Inaccuracies revealed in voter registers – Transparency International Armenia 16:40 • 15/03 Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says 14:14 • 15/03 Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  17:13 • 15/03 Consumer market development is our common interest, says Armenian premier 14:00 • 15/03 High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row 08:38 • 15/03 NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO 11:01 • 15/03 Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations 10:23 • 15/03 Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours 09:26 • 15/03 Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s 08:50 • 15/03 Aliyev calls for soonest resumption of Karabakh talks 17:35 • 15/03 The Matrix reportedly getting reboot 12:12 • 15/03  China does not want to see trade war with US 09:45 • 15/03 Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace 11:36 • 15/03 Armenia launches construction of third solar power station 17:24 • 14/03 The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople 17:41 • 10/03 We must build strong country to prevent young generation’s migration  – Karen Karapetyan 16:12 • 16/03 Azerbaijan did its best to use ‘occupied territories’ in Chiragov case   13:00 • 16/03 Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections 12:50 • 11/03 Azerbaijan shoots heavy fire on Karabakh frontline   17:21 • 13/03 Russia may ease citizenship rules for ex-Soviet countries’ residents 12:45 • 15/03 Armenian airline faces US $3m embezzlement claim 17:05 • 11/03 Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan 15:23 • 13/03 Russia-Turkey relations to face crucial moment – Armenian pundit 11:02 • 16/03 Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France 16:34 • 14/03 Armenian president starts official visit to Russia 16:28 • 10/03 Lack of alternative leaves Armenia no choice but alliance with Russia - Stratfor 13:00 • 15/03 European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row 08:54 • 13/03 EU hardens stance on Turkey row 12:03 • 13/03 Armenian actor Vardan Petrosyan freed from jail 13:32 • 15/03 Election monitoring technologies ‘fantastically powerful’ in Armenia – Russian observer 15:26 • 11/03 Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst 14:18 • 13/03 Russia committed to avert tension over Karabakh – expert 13:50 • 13/03 Serzh Sargsyan to discuss Karabakh issue with Russia's Putin Armenia Nagorno-Karabakh reports more Azerbaijani ceasefire violations Nagorno-Karabakh’s Ministry of Defense says the advance military units of its Defense Army refrained from retaliatory action ... Armenia launches construction of third solar power station ts estimated capacity is up to 1MW. The Public Services Regulatory Commission established tariffs ... Oskanian pledges pay rise for contract servicemen OSCE to conduct monitoring on Line of Contact Parties running for parliament must have clear vision on Armenia’s future – US ambassador Armenian Communists hopeful to establish ‘new ties' within Eurasian Union Azerbaijan shoots grenade fire on Karabakh frontline Region Turkish FM Chavushoglu warns of ‘holy wars’ in Europe in remarks on Dutch elections “Now the election is over in the Netherlands ... When you look at the many parties ... Erdogan’s name written on ballot paper in Dutch elections The trend has previously circulated among European countries in various elections. The diplomatic row between the two countries was stoked on March 11 when ... Hundreds protest Aliyev’s visit to France European Council chair slams Turkey amid Dutch row Turkey’s Erdogan threatens to go to ECHR over Netherlands rally row EU hardens stance on Turkey row Dutch are Nazi remnants, says Turkey’s Erdogan World US judge blocks Trump's executive order US District Judge Derrick Watson cited "questionable evidence" in the government's argument that the ban was a matter of national ... Trump paid $38m in taxes in 2005, the White House says Trump paid an effective tax rate of 24 percent and saved millions of dollars in additional taxes by claiming the losses ... NY Secretary of State used fake name to discuss climate change while Exxon Mobil CEO British Parliament passes Brexit bill IS fighters in Mosul will die, says US envoy 2016 worst year for children in Syria   World facing greatest humanitarian crisis since 1945 Business New US federal government outlines spending plans The US State Department, which oversees foreign affairs, faces a budget cut of about 28%. And the Environmental Protection Agency is in line ... Armenia, Russia to launch joint investment fund “We are really happy to welcome our first international co-investing partners from the Commonwealth of Independent States. Armenia is Russia’s ...  China does not want to see trade war with US Toshiba looking to sell US nuclear unit Intel to buy Israeli technology firm Mobileye for $15 billion HSBC appoints AIA boss as new chairman Armenia will find its place in Eurasian economic zone – Russian analyst Science/tech Just one picture would have used to take over WhatsApp and Telegram accounts The flaw affected the way both apps process images and multimedia files, in both cases they lack verifying the presence of malicious code ... High profile Twitter accounts hijacked in Turkish-Dutch row The attacks, which appeared to be simply a form of political vandalism and used the hashtags #Nazialmanya or #Nazihollanda, took over accounts ... World's first fluorescent frog discovered in South America Big data unites study of stars with cancer research Smart bracelet allows dads-to-be to feel the movements of unborn children Russians scientists reveal plan to restore part of Arctic Siberia to its Ice Age condition Google creates search tool for finding objects within videos Culture Germany increases film funding 100% to $161m The increase follows a recent hike in this year’s film funding pot of nearly $27 million to more than $80 million. Grütter’s office is allocating ... The Matrix reportedly getting reboot Warner Bros is said to be in the early stages of developing a rebooted version of the 1999 cyberpunk classic, with Creed star Michael B Jordan ... Angelina Jolie is joined by son Maddox for a private tour of Buckingham Palace Ed Sheeran to play cameo role in Game of Thrones Adele dedicates song to fan who had heart attack during her show (video) Jane Austen's poor sight 'caused by arsenic', study reveals Emma Watson's Beauty and Best ‘a lot darker than thought’ Armsport.am Football: Arsenal interested in Stuttgart starlet  The 19-year-old made his debut for the 2. Bundesliga side in August, and has gone on to play 18 times in all competitions after earning ... Football: Ramos dedicates goal to wife "In football what is important is the result, but it is right that we have to improve our play a little more so that the fans can enjoy ... Europa League has to be Man Utd's target now , says former midfielder Wenger: Arsenal fans’ opinion factor in my decision over future Britain to host European Judo Championship Barcelona can only offer Lionel Messi a €35 million year contract Argentina football players go on strike Lifestyle English dad uses identical twins to scare people in hotels (photos) Martin Hughes, who goes by the Twitter handle @wefail, taught his girls to hold hands and stand still in the hallway of a London hotel ... Hollywood airship –$80 million bespoke jet with Art Deco interiors inspired by the roaring 20’s and 30’s The two jets are called the Manhattan Airship and the Hollywood Airship and both are packed with luxe design details from the 1920s and 1930s ... The final days of the Ottoman Empire: Fascinating color pictures show life in 1890s Constantinople By George! Amal's £168,000 pregnant wardrobe: The series of designer ensembles that show comfort Mumbai launches its first ever floating hotel Man spends three years proposing to his girlfriend through love letters Will Smith fulfills dream of bungee jumping off Victoria Falls Event Dutch PM hails rejection of populism With more than 90% of votes counted, the VVD had won 33 out of 150 seats, a loss of eight seats from the previous parliament. Mr Wilders' Freedom ... Popular Spanish tourist town hit by worst floods in 20 years after six months' of rain falls in 24 hours At least one man had to be rescued from his vehicle after it became submerged in floodwaters when it was swept away ... Nagorno-Karabakh FM starts working visit to Greece Brazil’s President Temer ‘afraid of ghosts’ haunting his luxury residence 48 killed in Ethiopia rubbish landslide Dutch bar landing of plane carrying Turkish foreign minister Donald Tusk re-elected European Council president despite Poland’s efforts Press digest Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian government keeps purchasing costly air tickets The Constitutional Court reportedly spent an equivalent of US $ 650 on March 12 to buy a two-way ticket between Yerevan and ... Zhoghovurd: Armenian defense minister travels to Moscow with president As part of his official visit, Serzh Sargsyan is set to meet President Vladimir Putin of Russia to discuss the future peace efforts over Nagorno-Karabakh ... Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian authorities to spend $100m on parliamentary election 168 Zham: Armenia’s serious warning to Baku Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenian communist receive Russian colleagues support ahead of election Zhamanak: Ex Heritage member considering new party plan   Haykakan Zhamanak: Armenia to issue $500-700m Eurobonds   Facebook Vkontakte Google+ Twitter Youtube RSS TERT AM, LLC Address: 1 Yeghvard Highway, Yerevan, Armenia, 0054 Tel: +374 (60) 528 528 E-Mail: [email protected] Contact number for ads: 060 511 511, 093 639 312. 2008 - 2017 © Armenian News - Tert.am All rights reserved. Reference to Tert.am is mandatory when making citations. Full or partial televised reading of the website articles is prohibited without reference to Tert.am. The opinions expressed on the website do not have to coincide with the editorial staff’s viewpoints. The website bears no responsibility for the content of ads and press review. Website by Helix []
Presenting Sponsor Associate Sponsor Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Politics Immersive Latest News IPL Compare India Immersive Gossip News18 Movie Awards 2017 Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Elections Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Politics Immersive Latest NewsIPLCompare IndiaImmersiveGossipNews18 Movie Awards 2017 Latest News IPL Compare India Immersive Gossip News18 Movie Awards 2017 Amazon Warns That Trade Protectionism Could Hurt Business Dell Offers Discount For Students on Notebooks, Desktops Google Maps to Bring Transit Feature to Seven More Indian Cities YouTube Activities Can be Tracked Through Gaps in Encryption News18 » Tech 2-min read Amazon Warns That Trade Protectionism Could Hurt Business Reuters Updated: February 11, 2017, 11:38 AM IST Amazon has announced plans to add 100,000 US jobs over the next 18 months, to bring its American workforce to over 280,000. (Photo: Reuters) Amazon.com Inc (AMZN.O) warned that government actions to bolster domestic companies against foreign competition could hurt its business, in a possible reference to U.S. President Donald Trump's "America First" agenda. In a routine description of regulatory risks in its 2016 annual filing, the world's largest online retailer said "trade and protectionist measures" might hinder its ability to grow. That language has not appeared in Amazon's warning about government regulation in at least the past five annual filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. However, the Seattle-based company has cited trade protection in those filings as a risk to its international sales and operations specifically. The new Republican president has made job creation a cornerstone of his policies, threatening to impose tariffs on imports so companies produce and hire within the United States. Republicans in Congress also have a plan to target imports while excluding export revenue from U.S. corporate income tax, known as a border adjustment tax. The proposal in the U.S. House of Representatives has divided corporate America. Major exporters like Boeing Co (BA.N) have thrown their weight behind it, but a retail association has said it would raise prices for shoppers. It was not clear what kinds of protectionist measures - whether tariffs or other actions - concerned Amazon the most, or from which countries Amazon saw the greatest risk. Amazon so far has declined to comment on Republican lawmakers' border tax plan. It declined comment on the new language in its annual filing, which appeared under the header, "Government Regulation Is Evolving and Unfavorable Changes Could Harm Our Business." The filing did not mention the change in leadership of the White House. Separately, Amazon said in the filing that it may face penalties for having delivered consumer products to entities covered by the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, between 2012 and 2016. Products included apparel, consumer electronics, software and books. Amazon said it processed goods worth about $2,400 for an entity controlled or owned by Iran's government, for example. "We do not plan to continue selling to these accounts in the future," Amazon said. "Our review is ongoing and we are enhancing our processes designed to identify transactions associated with individuals and entities covered by the (act)." amazon consumer products online shopping First Published: February 11, 2017, 11:38 AM IST Read full article Next Story Recommended For You Ganguly Helping Bengal Decode MSD Threat in Vijay Hazare S/F Honda WR-V Launched at Rs 7.75 Lakh, A Jazzier Mini-SUV PM Modi Responds to Ravi Shastri's Witty Tweet Beauty and The Beast: Emma Watson's Film is a Progressive Step in The Disney Universe Moto G5 Plus vs Xiaomi Redmi Note 4: Which One Is Better Under Rs 15,000? About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News Brothers of 6-year-Old Killed in J&K Encounter Still in Shock AIFW 2017: Vaani Kapoor Is a Vision In This Black Rina Dhaka Outfit Pakistan Wants Facebook, Twitter to Help it Combat Blasphemy Parliamentary Panel Suggests BSNL-MTNL Merger For Long Term Survival Madras HC Refuses to Stay TRAI Order on Cable Landing Charges Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Tech News Elon Musk’s SpaceX to hit fastest rocket launch pace with new Florida site Elon Musk’s SpaceX to hit fastest rocket launch pace with new Florida site SpaceX, plans to launch its Falcon 9 rockets every two to three weeks, once a new launch pad is put into service in Florida next week. By: Reuters | Cape Canaveral | Updated: February 11, 2017 11:32 am SpaceX is also modifying the rocket’s engines to increase performance and resolve potential safety concerns. (Image for representation, Source: Reuters) Space Exploration Technologies Corp, better known as SpaceX, plans to launch its Falcon 9 rockets every two to three weeks, its fastest rate since starting launches in 2010, once a new launch pad is put into service in Florida next week, the company’s president told Reuters on Monday. The ambitious plan comes only five months after a SpaceX rocket burst into flames on the launch pad at the company’s original launch site in Florida. SpaceX, controlled by billionaire Elon Musk, has only launched one rocket since then, in mid-January. Watch all our videos from Express Technology “We should be launching every two to three weeks,” SpaceX President Gwynne Shotwell told Reuters in an interview on Monday. SpaceX was approaching that pace last autumn, before the Sept. 1 accident, which happened during a routine preflight test. The explosion destroyed a $200 million Israeli satellite and heavily damaged the launch pad. Shotwell said repairs to the launch pad at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, which are still underway, should cost “far less than half” of a new launch pad, which she said runs about $100 million. The new launch pad is at NASA’s Kennedy Space Center, just north of the Cape Canaveral site. SpaceX is also modifying the rocket’s engines to increase performance and resolve potential safety concerns, said Shotwell. The company plans to change the design of the Falcon 9’s turbopump – which provides propellants to the rocket’s engines – to eliminate cracks that have prompted concern from NASA and the U.S. Air Force. NASA has hired SpaceX to taxi astronauts to and from the International Space Station starting in late 2018. Shotwell said the new turbopumps will be installed before the first unmanned test flights of the commercial space taxi, scheduled for November. Also Read: SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion in Florida SpaceX is one of two companies certified to fly military and national security satellites for the Air Force, the other being United Launch Alliance, a partnership of Boeing Co and Lockheed Martin Corp. “For us, the concern was not the cracks, but do they grow over time? Would these cracks cause a flight failure?” Shotwell said. “I think NASA is used to engines that aren’t quite as robust, so they just don’t want any cracks at all in the turbo machinery.” NASA has hired SpaceX to taxi astronauts to and from the International Space Station starting in late 2018. (Image for representation, Source: Reuters) SpaceX discovered two types of cracks during ground tests of its Merlin engines in 2015, Shotwell said. The cracks were not related to the Sept. 1 launch pad explosion. To fix the more serious cracking issue, the company devised a software fix and then redesigned the turbine wheel, Shotwell said. The first of the redesigned turbine wheels flew in July 2016. A second set of cracks in welds and shrouds are not a concern for flight, but NASA and the Air Force have asked for a redesign, Shotwell said. SpaceX has a backlog of more than 70 missions, worth more than $10 billion. It has successfully flown 27 out of 29 times since the Falcon 9’s debut in 2010. The company flew eight missions in 2016 before the launch pad accident in September grounded the fleet. The rocket returned to flight last month, flying from a second launch site in California, which is only used for satellites heading into polar or high inclination orbits. A fourth launch site in Texas is under construction. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Elon Musk SpaceX Election 2017 Captain Amarinder Singh is Punjab CM, vows to fight against drugs Amit Shah tells Keshav Prasad Maurya to pick Uttar Pradesh chief minister Lethargy of Digvijaya Singh, central observers was shocking, says Goa MLA who quit Congress Best of Express PM Modi asks BJP MPs to push govt schemes, Amit Shah sounds alert for more poll battles EntertainmentBaahubali 2 trailer: SS Rajamouli's Baahubali The Conclusion proves Baahubali was just a starter, watch video EntertainmentTrapped movie review: Rajkummar Rao film fails to take us over the edge EntertainmentShah Rukh Khan's car hits photographer, actor rushes him to hospital. See pics EntertainmentBaahubali 2 trailer launch: SS Rajamouli says Baahubali is going to be a franchise Must Read SportsVirat Kohli’s shoulder injury ‘not too serious’ SportsSmith, Maxwell drive Australia forward on Day 1 SportsRahane did well in Kohli's absence, says Sridhar TechnologyCoolpad Note 5 Lite first impressions TechnologyCAT S60 comes to India at Rs 64,999, eyes outdoor active buyers TechnologySamsung's 'Unpacked 2017' app hits Android and iOS ahead of Galaxy S8 launch  AIFW Autumn/Winter 2017: Vaani Kapoor stuns in all-black as she walks the ramp for Rina Dhaka Mar 17: Latest News Apollo Circus: Another art form lost to time and changing trends Fake law degree allegation: Jitender Singh Tomar desperate for degree, opted for illegal means, says Police Gurgaon: Workers protest against Maruti case sentencing Arvind Kejriwal writes to party volunteers to boost morale Higher protein intake in preterm infants results in better head growth: Study                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Contact Us Subscribe Careers with Us Newsletters Advertise with Us Terms of Use Archives Digital edition FAQ Submissions Greenwich indoor track and field team well represented at New Greenwich Selectmen delay school board measure Greenwich Landmark house rich in quirks, comfort Wheels Up brings private flights to wider market News Regional National World Politics Were you SEEN? Opinion Science and Technology Election Norma Bartol: Cheering the snow and delving into town planning Norma Bartol: History on view with Muppets exhibit, Toby’s Bob Horton: Do some not wait for parking permits? The Dish: Terrapin to perform with Rolling Stone saxophonist Sports Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Other High School Cards’ reign extends to 5 years Brunswick’s Blum dominates at Mount Southington Greenwich finishes second, Trumbull third at State Open Greenwich girls hockey team defeats Simsbury in state UConn Nation Business Markets Real Estate Top Workplaces Wheels Up brings private flights to wider market Brynwood Partners sells natural food brand to Maple Leaf Foods Sterling Care wins top home care award Behind the branding of Greenwich Town Party Entertainment Movies Music Arts Television Comics Horoscope Games Events 100 years of King Features Syndicate Neil Simon’s ‘Rumors’ on stage at Ridgefield Theater Barn The Lumineers perform at Mohegan Sun Arena Bridgeport orchestra celebrates ‘Bernstein at 99’ Living Health Home and Garden Family Religion Travel Food Celebrations Celebrate Summer Report: How dependent on the gun industry is Connecticut? Nail fungus is gross; Avoid it WalletHub: Tax season by the numbers The best thing about Connecticut, according to Thrillist Obituaries Blogs Classifieds Jobs Homes Rentals Cars MenuSections http://www.greenwichtime.com/local/article/Things-to-do-in-and-around-Greenwich-10924715.php Things to do in and around Greenwich Published 12:00 am, Saturday, February 11, 2017 For the latest events and activities happening in Greenwich, turn to For the record. To have your event included, submit a description, date, time, price and contact information. Photos are welcome. Drop us an email about your latest goings-on at gtcitydesk@scni.com or call 1-800-733-2767. Income tax help Free income-tax preparation assistance is available from 9 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Tuesdays, Wednesday and Thursdays at Town Hall in the third-floor Hayton Room through April 18, and Saturdays at the Greenwich Main Library from 9 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. No appointments are required at the Greenwich Library but for the Town Hall, taxpayers are encouraged to make appointments by emailing greenwichtaxaid@gmail.com or stopping in the Hayton Room in Town Hall during our hours of operation. Those with appointments will be taken first, in the order of arrival. Bring photo ID, Social Security cards for themselves, their spouses and any dependents, birth dates and a blank check for their bank account for direct deposit in case a refund is due. Also wage and earning statements from employers -- W-2’s, 1099-R’s and 1099-Misc; all health insurance statements and Affordable Health Care statements -- Form 1095-A; interest and dividend statements from banks -- Form 1099’s; and a copy of their federal and state tax returns from last year. Both people must sign the return if they’re a couple filing jointly. Sex and the Sea The Bruce Museum’s Seaside Center will celebrate “Sex in the Sea” at 2 p.m. Sunday featuring marine scientist, researcher and storyteller Marah J. Hardt and her book by the same name. Books will be available for purchase and signing after the lecture.The talk is part of the Bruce Museum’s Fred Elser Sunday Science Series and will include marine-themed Valentine activities for all ages from 1:30 to 4:00 p.m. Admission is free. No reservations required. Cycle for Survival Cycle for Survival, the annual indoor cycling event to raise money to cure and treat rare cancers, will be 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday at Equinox Greenwich, 16 Old Track Road. Contact Kamali Burke at kburke@fenton.com or 212-897-2070. Abortion rights advocates A Greenwich “Call to Action,” meeting featuring Planned Parenthood and NARAL will be held from 6:30 to 8 p.m. Monday at Greenwich Town Hall, 101 Field Point Road. Discussion will include rallying against possible state legislative proposals requiring parental notification before abortions and a mandatory ultrasound. Attendees will be invited to take part in a phone bank session using their cell phones to contact elected officials. RSVP at GreenwichCallToAction@gmail.com to help estimate audience size and adequate supplies. Stroke prevention A Heart Health Education lecture on stroke prevention is set for 6 to 7 p.m. Tuesday at Greenwich Hospital’s Noble Conference Center, 5 Perryridge Road, Greenwich. To register, call 888-305-9253 or visit www.greenwichhospital.org/events. Seeds, potting programs The Garden Education Center, 130 Bible St., Cos Cob, is offering Diamonds, Diamonds, Diamonds at 11 a.m. Tuesday at Betteridge Jewelers, 239 Greenwich Ave. Cost: $40 members, $50 nonmembers. A house plant repotting workshop is set for 10 a.m.. to noon Feb. 27. Cost is $15. Registration required for all programs, call 203-869-9242. Revolution in Ecuador, Bolivia Jeffery M. Paige, an author and emeritus professor at the University of Michigan, will speak about the “Indigenous Revolution in Ecuador and Bolivia: 1990-2005” at the Wednesday meeting of the Retired Men’s Association of Greenwich at First Presbyterian Church, Lafayette Place. Doors open at 10:40 a.m., lecture begins at 11 a.m. Open to the public. For more information, visit www.greenwichrma.org or contact info@greenwichrma.org. Presentation on Lincoln’s birthday To celebrate President Abraham Lincoln’s birthday, Mark Albertson will make a presentation and discuss the history of the Emancipation Proclamation at 10:30 a.m. Friday at the Greenwich Senior Center, 299 Greenwich Ave., Greenwich. Open to the public. Family dinner, wine-pairing The St. Lawrence Club, 86 Valley Road, Cos Cob, is holding a family dinner night at 6:40 p.m. Friday . Open to the public. Tickets $20 adults, $10 children. RSVP and purchase tickets at www.stlawrencesociety.com/events or call 203-618-9036. The club also his holding a South Pacific Wine-Pairing Dinner beginning at 6 p.m. Feb. 25 with appetizers at 6:30 p.m., dinner at 7 p.m. and dessert. Tickets $75 per person, reservations must be received by Feb. 17. RSVP and tickets: www.stlawrencesociety.com/events or call 203-618-9036. NYC photos exhibit opens at Bruce “Street Smart: Photographs of New York City, 1945-1980,” will open at the Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Place on Feb. 18. The exhibit, which runs through June 4, features 30 black and white works drawn from the museum’s permanent collection. The exhibit is presented with support from the Charles M. and Deborah G. Royce Exhibition Fund and the Connecticut Office of the Arts. The museum is open from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday. For more information, call the Bruce Museum at 203-869-0376 or visit www.brucemuseum.org. Violin, piano concert The Sunday Afternoon Live music series returns to First Church, 108 Sound Beach Ave., Old Greenwich, at 4 p.m. Feb. 19, with a variety of classical pieces for violin and piano performed by two Lithuanian-born virtuosos, Edita Orlinyte and Rimantas Vingras. Tickets are $20 for each performance and are available at the door. School-aged youth are free. For information visit www.fccog.org. Undies Project For a second year, local businesses will collect new and lightly used bras between Feb. 21 and March 3 at local businesses. Collection points will be at Aux Délices in Greenwich and Riverside; Equinox; Inside the Armoire; YWCA of Greenwich; Kaia Yoga, in Greenwich and Old Greenwich; and The Edge Fitness in Old Greenwich. For further information, visit www.theundiesproject.org. GEC workshop The Garden Education Center, 130 Bible St., Cos Cob, offers Modern floral design with store-bought bouquet, 10 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Feb. 22, registration deadline Feb. 16. Cost: class fees $70 members, $75 nonmembers; gallery fees $20 members, $25 nonmembers. Transition programs A free information session for young adults with disabilities and their families by Vista Life Innovations, a nationally accredited post-secondary program for individuals with disabilities, is set for 6:30 p.m. Feb. 22 at the Cos Cob Library, 5 Sinawoy Road. “Introduction to Independence Transition Programming for Young Adults” is designed to help answer questions about transition services. Light refreshments provided. To RSVP, register online at www.vistalifeinnovations.org/greenwich or call 860-399-8080, Ext. 106 by Feb. 20. Urban Landscapes The Greenwich Arts Council’s new exhibit, “Urban Landscapes,” will run through Feb. 23 at the Bendheim Gallery, 299 Greenwich Ave., Greenwich. The show exhibits the work of eight artists who live and work in Manhattan. Admission is free. Gallery hours are 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Tuesday to Friday and Saturday and Sunday noon to 4 p.m. For more information, visit www.greenwichartscouncil.org. Crime novelist Poet and playwright Stephen Mack Jones will introduce his debut crime novel “August Snow” at AuthorsLive@GreenwichLibrary at 7 p.m. Feb. 23 in the meeting room of the library, 101 West Putnam Ave. Doors open at 6:30 p.m. Free. For more information, visit www.greenwichlibrary.org/authorslive. Senior Center hosts sing-a-long Atria of Rye Brook will present “Songs We Love to Remember” featuring Frank D’Ambrosio at 10:30 a.m. Feb. 23 at the Greenwich Senior Center, 299 Greenwich Ave. Refreshments will be served. For more information, contact the center at 203-862-6721. Music and film Greenwich Library, 101 W. Putnam, Ave., is celebrating Black History Month with the 2016 drama “Race” at 8 p.m. Feb. 24 in the Cole Auditorium, a drama based on black athlete Jesse Owen’s story. Free and open to the public. Doors open at 7:40 p.m. For more information, call 203-622-7910. Art Display During February at M and T Bank, 100 East Putnam Ave.,Cos Cob, the paintings of Art Society of Old Greenwich artist Dr. Ann Abenavoli will be on display during banking hours. Abenavoli specialized in diagnostic radiology prior to retirement and paints in watercolor and acrylics. She has displayed her art in Connecticut and Westchester County, N.Y. Trivia Challenge The Greenwich Alliance for Education will host its Second Annual Trivia Challenge at 6:30 p.m. Feb. 25 at First Presbyterian Church, 1 West Putnam Ave., Greenwich. Tickets are $125 a person. Register at www.greenwichalliance.org/events/trivia-challenge/. Boating safety class The next certified, U.S. Coast Guard Auxiliary boating safety class is set for Feb. 25 at the Greenwich Water Club, 49 River Road, Cos Cob. The course covers requirements for safe boating, including Emily’s Law, choices of boats, safety equipment, Connecticut boating laws, boat handling, radio communications and personal watercraft operation. Preregistration required by Feb. 22. $75 fee includes textbook and class materials. Sign-in begins at 7:45 a.m. and lectures start at 8 a.m. Class should finish by 5 p.m. Need the Connecticut Conservation ID number. Contact Leandra at 203-661-4033, Ext 200, or email Flotilla78@yahoo.com to register. Japanese art A historical exhibition exploring the influence of Japanese art and culture on the United States will run through Feb. 26 at the Greenwich Historical Society, 39 Strickland Road, Cos Cob. The exhibit, “An An Eye to the East: The Inspiration of Japan,” will be open from noon to 4 p.m. Wednesday through Sunday. Regular admission, $10 for adults, $8 for seniors, and free for members. Curiousity concert features clarinetist The Anat Cohen Quarter will be the next featured offering of the Ashforth Children’s Concert Series and Curiosity Concerts, set for 1 p.m. Feb. 26 at Greenwich Library, 101 W. Putnam Ave. Free but reservations required at www.curiosityconcerts.org. Cohen, a critically acclaimed clarinetist, has been voted “Clarinetist of the Year” eight years in a row by the Jazz Journalists Association. Concert suitable for all ages. Greenwich Symphony Canadian violinist Christina Bouey will perform Sibelius’ ‘Violin Concerto’ with the Greenwich Symphony at 8 p.m. Feb. 25 and 4 p.m. Feb. 26 at the Performing Arts Center at Greenwich High School, 10 Hillside Road. Adult tickets are $35, student tickets $20. Tickets available by phone at 203-869-2664 or on-line at greenwichsym.org. Heart and Stroke Fair A free Heart Health and Stroke Fair will take place from 8 to 11 a.m. Feb. 28 at Greenwich Hospital’s Noble Conference Center, 5 Perryridge Road, Greenwich. Free and open to the public. Photos of James Brown “James Brown on My Mind,” a photography exhibit with work by Emilio Grossi, will be on display at Les Beaux Arts Gallery, Round Hill Community Church, 395 Round Hill Road through March 2. The series dates from the 1960s and focuses on Brown’s concert at the Apollo Theater in Harlem. Gallery hours are 11:30 a.m. to 12:30 p.m. Sundays, from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. weekdays and closed Saturdays and Feb. 20. Gallery is free. For information, call 203-869-1091 or visit roundhillcommunitychurch.org. Remember the Clam Box The St. Lawrence Club, 86 Valley Road, Cos Cob, his continuing its Nostalgia Dinner Series with “Remember the Clam Box” at 6:30 p.m. March 3. Clam chowder, fried clams, fish and chips, coleslaw and dessert. Cost $35 for adults, $15 for children. RSVP www.stlawrencesociety.com/events or call 203-618-9036. Open to the public. Aviation herstory In honor of women’s history month, the Greenwich Historical Society and Greenwich Point Conservancy will present Barbara Hiscock Spaeth speaking of her aunt, Bertha Potter Boeing and the role she played in American commercial aviation, from 4:30 to 5:30 p.m. March 5 at Innis Arden Cottage, Greenwich Point, Tod’s Driftway, Old Greenwich. Doors open at 4 p.m. Free but reservations required. RSVP to 203-869-6899, Ext. 10, or shealy@greenwichhistory.org. Light refreshments will be served. New World discovers Asia The Greenwich Decorative Arts Society presents “Made in Americas: The New World Discovers Asia,” a lecture by Dennis Carr, at 1:15 p.m. March 6 at the Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Drive. Carr is the Carolyn and Peter Lynch Curator of American Decorative Arts and Sculpture Art of the Americas of the Museum of Fine Arts in Boston. Admission for non-members of the Greenwich Decorative Arts Society is $25. Space is limited. Reservations required for members and guests by Feb. 27. For reservations and information, visit greenwichdecorativearts@gmail.com or call 203-322-2967. Book discussion group Greenwich Pen Women and the Perrot Memorial Library will launch a book discussion group beginning 7 p.m. March 6 in the meeting room of the library, 90 Sound Beach Avenue. First book is “Vinegar Girl” by Anne Tyler, looking at the theme of Shakespeare in contemporary fiction. “Vinegar Girl” is a modern retelling of “Taming of the Shrew.” Free and open to the public. Limited to 20 attendees. Register at the Adult Circulation Desk or call 203-637-1066, Ext. 15. Snow date March 13. St. Lawrence Club The St. Lawrence Club, 86 Valley Road, Cos Cob, will have a live music night beginning at 8:30 p.m. March 10 at “The Pub in the Club” featuring Mark Zelenz and Steve Hanson. No cover charge. Open to the public. Chamber Players season offerings The Chamber Players of the Greenwich Symphony for its 45th season will feature “Snake Charmers,” focusing on works for oboe by Holst, Cimarosa and Bellini on March 12 and 13. The finale includes Beethovan’s string quartet No. 12 in E-flat major, Op. 127. The April concerts, on April 23 and 24, will celebrate “Old World and New World” with works for piano and strings by Mozart, Copeland and Zarebski. All Sunday concerts are at 4 p.m. at Round Hill Community Church and Monday concerts are held at 7:30 p.m. at the Bruce Museum. Each includes a wine and cheese reception. Season tickets are $90 for adults and $15 for students. Single concert tickets are $30 for adults and $5 for students. For more information, call 203-637-4725. Islamic ceramics The Connecticut Ceramics Study Circle will hold an illustrated lecture, “Between East and West: Ceramics of the Islamic World Between China and Europe” featuring Walter B. Denny at 1 p.m. March 13 at the Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Place. Denny is an art history professor with the University of Massachusetts in Amherst. Refreshments following the lecture. Cost for non-members of the Study Circle is $25. For more information, visit www.ctcsc.org. Astronomy lectures The Astronomical Society of Greenwich has announced its upcoming lectures at the Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Drive. On March 26, Jason Kendall of William Paterson University will speak on “The Big Bang: How we Know the Universe is 13.7 billion years old.” On April 30, Sarbani Basu of Yale University will speak on “Listening to the Stars.” For more information, visit www.astrogreenwich.org, call 203-413-6762 or email greenwichstars@gmail.com or anneburns@brucemuseum.org Casino night The St. Lawrence Club, 86 Valley Road, Cos Cob, is holding a casino night on April 1. Open bar from 6 to 7 p.m., past and carving stations. $75 per person. Open to the public. Register by March 1 for $10 discount. Registration at www.stlawrencesociety.com/events or call 203-618-9036 for information. Early bird registration Reduced-price registration for the two- and one-week summer sessions of the Greenwich Historical Society History and Art Camp is open between now and April 1. Camp hours for the June and July sessions will be 9:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m. Monday to Friday. Sessions for fourth- to seventh-graders will be from July 10 to 21 and July 24 to Aug. 4 for second- to fourth-graders. Tuition for early bird sessions is $550 for two weeks and $350 for one week. For more information or to register, visit www.greenwichhistory.org/camp. Bruce exhibits Sisley paintings The Bruce Museum will present “Alfred Sisley (1839-1899): Impressionist Master,” through May 2 at the museum at 1 Museum Drive, Greenwich. For more information, call 203-869-0376 or visit brucemuseum.org. Abilis fund-raiser set for May Abilis is holding its 65th annual gala, “Spring for Abilis,” at 7 p.m. May 6 at Tamarack Country Club, 55 Locust Road, Greenwich. Champagne reception, silent and live auctions, cocktails, dinner and dancing. Gala co-chairs are Margot Michalski, Adriana Ospina and Martha Perry. Tickets start at $350. For more information, visit http://www.501auctions.com/spring4abilis. New exhibit of Bruce’s collection The Bruce Museum’s new exhibit, “Canvas and Cast: Highlights from the Bruce Museum’s Art Collection,” will be on display from through June 11. The show will include 35 paintings and seven sculptures from the Bruce’s growing collection. Gallery hours at the museum at 1 Museum Drive are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Tuesday through Sunday. Last Days of Pangea An exhibit on the ancient past, “Last Days of Pangea: In the Footsteps of Dinosaurs,” at the Bruce Museum, 1 Museum Drive, Greenwich, will remain on view through July 16. The show features fossil discoveries from the Connecticut Valley and other places in New England. The museum is open 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday to Tuesday. For more information, visit www.brucemuseum.org. Sign Up for Email Alerts Sign up for our email newsletters    Breaking News    Daily Newsletter EMAIL: Most Popular 1 Search for missing Riverside man intensifies 2 Accident in Pemberwick neighborhood leads to DWI arrest 3 Riverside woman brandished knife: cops 4 Stamford restaurants get poor ratings from city 5 Odd things found in Greenwich sewers 6 Police: 3-year-old girl lived alone with dead mom for days 7 Calm weather day today; more snow ‘likely’ Saturday View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions About Our Ads Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Contact Us FAQ Today's eEdition Feedback Submissions Connect Newsletter Sign-Up Facebook Twitter Google+ Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, March 17, 2017 9:29 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business Saturday February 11, 2017 12:46 PM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Google Maps adds volcanoes to list of Street View projects The Edit: Ex-‘Power Rangers’ actor guilty of manslaughter Teenage school shooter tackled by ‘hero’ teacher (VIDEO) The Edit: Volkswagen’s ‘Vento Turbocharged Tour’ kicks-off Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Amazon.com Inc warned today that government actions to bolster domestic companies against foreign competition could hurt its business — Reuters picNEW YORK, Feb 11 — Amazon.com Inc warned today that government actions to bolster domestic companies against foreign competition could hurt its business, in a possible reference to US President Donald Trump’s “America First” agenda. In a routine description of regulatory risks in its 2016 annual filing, the world’s largest online retailer said “trade and protectionist measures” might hinder its ability to grow. That language has not appeared in Amazon’s warning about government regulation in at least the past five annual filings with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. However, the Seattle-based company has cited trade protection in those filings as a risk to its international sales and operations specifically. The new Republican president has made job creation a cornerstone of his policies, threatening to impose tariffs on imports so companies produce and hire within the United States. Republicans in Congress also have a plan to target imports while excluding export revenue from US corporate income tax, known as a border adjustment tax. The proposal in the US House of Representatives has divided corporate America. Major exporters like Boeing Co have thrown their weight behind it, but a retail association has said it would raise prices for shoppers. It was not clear what kinds of protectionist measures - whether tariffs or other actions - concerned Amazon the most, or from which countries Amazon saw the greatest risk. Amazon so far has declined to comment on Republican lawmakers’ border tax plan. It declined comment on the new language in its annual filing, which appeared under the header, “Government Regulation Is Evolving and Unfavorable Changes Could Harm Our Business.” The filing did not mention the change in leadership of the White House. Separately, Amazon said in the filing that it may face penalties for having delivered consumer products to entities covered by the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, between 2012 and 2016. Products included apparel, consumer electronics, software and books. Amazon said it processed goods worth about US$2,400 (RM10,653) for an entity controlled or owned by Iran’s government, for example. “We do not plan to continue selling to these accounts in the future,” Amazon said. “Our review is ongoing and we are enhancing our processes designed to identify transactions associated with individuals and entities covered by the (act).” — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Japan's 'Matrix'-like dilemma: Too many jobs, too few immigrants Hong Kong's richest men prove resilient against property curbs Report: Forest City developer suspends China sales to halt capital outflow Selangor Zakat Board targets RM700m tithe collection in 2017 Deutsche Bank board to meet Sunday to discuss capital hike Australia PM, Musk discuss offer to fix power woes Intel buying Israeli car tech firm Mobileye for US$15b Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Related Articles Top senators: No evidence Trump Tower bugged by Obama Trump’s impact in Asean — Tunku Zain Al-‘Abidin US dollar on the ropes as Fed deals blow to outlook Paris mayor tackles climate change with or without Trump (VIDEO) Trump’s ex-wife Ivana to publish memoir on raising kids Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
TRENDING Oakland tech CES 2017 NFL Donald Trump MicroCap Entertainment Middle East MLB Clinton Pol Sports Business Simulations Navigate Site-Wide Activity Activity Members Members Groups User Profile Site Registration Recover Password Activate YT Comic Con Oscars ATL CHI CLV DAL DC DEN Fash GAMe GDC KIV LA LV BH LON Oakland Obama NYC NFL MIA SF LV SEA SD Tech Zennie62 TOS Cont Who Ad Rates LOG Dow and Nasdaq hit record highs; industrials outperform – CNBC Posted on Feb 7 2017 - 10:45am by Zennie Abraham « PREVIOUS | NEXT » Visit and follow Zennie62 at Twitter Share to Linkedin - your text link here. Categorized as Business 17 Related Secret behind world’s most indestructible animals discovered by scientists – The Independent CNBC U.S. equities rose on Tuesday as investors focused on a slew of corporate earnings reports. The Dow Jones industrial average briefly rose more than 100 points, hitting a new record high, before holding about 73 points higher with Boeing contributing … Dow Jones Industrial Average Dips On Continued Trump ConcernsNasdaq Don’t Bet Against the Dow Jones Industrial AverageInvestorplace.com Dow and Nasdaq hit record highsReuters Phoenix Business Journal –Economic Calendar all 54 news articles …read more From:: Dow Jones News By Google News The Zennie62 News Sites Atlanta - Chicago - Denver - Houston - Las Vegas - Los Angeles - New York - Oakland - Oakland News - Washington DC - Orlando - Richmond - Miami - London - Cleveland - RSS - Honolulu - San Diego - San Francisco - Facebook - Dallas - Zennie62 - NFL Football - YouTube - Twitter - RSS - Sims - SFGate - Examiner - College Football - Tom Teicholz - Microcap Stock News Blog - World News Media Network - About the Author Zennie Abraham Zennie Abraham is the founder of Zennie62Media which consists of zennie62blog.com and a multimedia blog news aggregator and video network, and 78-blog network, with social media and content development services and consulting. Zennie is a pioneer video blogger, YouTube Partner, social media practitioner, game developer, and pundit. Note: news aggregator content does not reflect the personal views of Mr. Abraham. SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62 ON YOUTUBE here for latest Zennie62 on YouTube videos SUBSCRIBE TO ZENNIE62BLOG.com NEWS FEED SUBSCRIBE TO NEWS from Zennie62Blog.com by Email Zennie62Media: Content Development, Social Media Marketing, Reputation Management click here for more info on our services Become a Zennie62 sponsor, visit the Sponsor Zennie62 page. HELP HOMELESS AMERICAN VETERANS, donate to Code Of Support . Enter your email address: Delivered by FeedBurner Zennie62 YouTube at CES 2017 Video downloader for my YT vids Follow Zennie62 Twitter Follow @zennie62 Subscribe To Zennie62 YouTube Zennie62 On YouTube Is NFL Trying To Pit Oakland Raiders vs A's MLB In New Stadium Issue? Dontari Poe To Atlanta Falcons From Kansas City Chiefs In NFL Free Agency Trump Muslim Travel Ban Blocked By Maryland Federal Judge Trump Travel Ban Blocked By Honolulu Federal Judge Peru Floods Displace 500,000 People #PrayForPeru Latavius Murray To Minnesota Vikings From Oakland Raiders In NFL Free Agency Oakland Raiders Las Vegas NFL Stadium Costs $2.35 Billion Cuonzo Martin Resigns From Cal Basketball Downtown Oakland Latham Square At Night http://www.youtube.com/c/zennie62 Oscars 2016 Zennie62 YouTube AJ Sports At NFL Combine For Zennie62 Pin It Recent Comments Tracy Smith on George Michael Update Singer Died Of Heart Failure – 20 Essential Songs Kristina Kraljevic on 5-year-old threatens to dethrone YouTube king PewDiePie – USA TODAY Zennie Abraham on Donald Trump took Taiwan PM’s call because he seeks to build a relationship and hotels there disqus_yeZNegncsV on Donald Trump took Taiwan PM’s call because he seeks to build a relationship and hotels there sdsdsd on Dodgers shut down by another lefty, lose 3-0 to Yankees – USA TODAY @2017 Zennie62Media | Back to top Open
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Spaceflight Tornado Hits NASA Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans By Calla Cofield, Space.com Staff Writer | February 7, 2017 05:08pm ET MORE Editor's Note: NASA has begun the recovery efforts after this tornado. You can read the full story here. A tornado impacted NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans Tuesday (Feb. 7), according to a statement released by the agency. "At this time, only minor injuries have been reported and NASA employees and other tenants are being accounted for," NASA officials said in the statement. The tornado hit the facility at 11:25 a.m. CST (12:25 p.m. EST/1725 GMT), they added. [In Photos: Tornado Damage at NASA's Michoud Assembly Facility]   NASA posted a video to YouTube that shows cell phone footage of the tornado (taken from afar), as well as footage of the facility after the impact. "That thing is an awesome thing to look at," one spectator said in the video, referring to the massive grey funnel on the horizon. @weatherchannel @CNN @FoxNews pic.twitter.com/im2iSxWi7n — Jonathan Simeral (@JonSimeral) February 7, 2017 "Hopefully, everybody's okay, but it is real bad," said a person taking footage of the facility after the tornado had passed. The video seemed to show damage to buildings and a car flipped over in a parking lot. "There is still a threat of severe weather in the area and emergency officials are continuing to monitor the situation to ensure the safety of onsite personnel," the statement said. "The onsite Michoud emergency response team is also conducting damage assessments of buildings and facilities." Currently, the Michoud Assembly Facilityis responsible for manufacturing and assembling the core stage of NASA's next-generation heavy-lift rocket, the Space Launch System (SLS), which is built by Boeing, according to NASA's website. Michoud will also assemble and integrate the SLS main propulsion system, including the RS-25 engines, built by Aerojet Rocketdyne. The facility is also involved in manufacturing large structures and composites for the Orion crew vehicle. Previously, NASA used the facility to assemble the external propulsion tanks for the space shuttle program, as well as Saturn V moon rocket stages. News outlets are reporting that perhaps as many as seven tornadoes have struck Louisiana today. Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards has declared a state of emergency.  Follow Calla Cofield @callacofield.Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations Raw Video: Tornado Hits NASA’s Michoud Assembly Facility In New Orleans Space Launch System Rocket's First Crew Launch Dramatized By NASA | Video Photos: NASA's Space Launch System for Deep Space Flights Space Launch System: NASA's Giant Rocket Explained (Infographic) Author Bio Calla Cofield, Space.com Staff Writer Calla Cofield joined the crew of Space.com in October, 2014. She enjoys writing about black holes, exploding stars, ripples in space-time, science in comic books, and all the mysteries of the cosmos. She has been underground at three of the largest particle accelerators in the world. She'd really like to know what the heck dark matter is. Prior to joining Space.com Calla worked as a freelance science writer. Her work has appeared in APS News, Symmetry magazine, Scientific American, Nature News, Physics World, and others. From 2010 to 2014 she was a producer for The Physics Central Podcast. Previously, Calla worked at the American Museum of Natural History in New York City (hands down the best office building ever) and SLAC National Accelerator Laboratory in California. Calla studied physics at the University of Massachusetts, Amherst and is originally from Sandy, Utah. Contact Calla via: E-Mail – Twitter Calla Cofield, Space.com Staff Writer on Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search 0 Tech Home Follow Us Reviews How To Deals Video Games Pogue Apple Amazon warns that trade protectionism could hurt business By Jeffrey Dastin ReutersFebruary 11, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Amazon boxes are seen stacked for delivery in the Manhattan borough of New York City, January 29, 2016. REUTERS/Mike Segar/File PhotoMore By Jeffrey Dastin (Reuters) - Amazon.com Inc warned on Friday that government actions to bolster domestic companies against foreign competition could hurt its business, in a possible reference to U.S. President Donald Trump's "America First" agenda. In a routine description of regulatory risks in its 2016 annual filing, the world's largest online retailer said "trade and protectionist measures" might hinder its ability to grow. That language has not appeared in Amazon's warning about government regulation in at least the past five annual filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. However, the Seattle-based company has cited trade protection in those filings as a risk to its international sales and operations specifically. The new Republican president has made job creation a cornerstone of his policies, threatening to impose tariffs on imports so companies produce and hire within the United States. Republicans in Congress also have a plan to target imports while excluding export revenue from U.S. corporate income tax, known as a border adjustment tax. The proposal in the U.S. House of Representatives has divided corporate America. Major exporters like Boeing Co have thrown their weight behind it, but a retail association has said it would raise prices for shoppers. It was not clear what kinds of protectionist measures - whether tariffs or other actions - concerned Amazon the most, or from which countries Amazon saw the greatest risk. Amazon so far has declined to comment on Republican lawmakers' border tax plan. It declined comment on the new language in its annual filing, which appeared under the header, "Government Regulation Is Evolving and Unfavorable Changes Could Harm Our Business." The filing did not mention the change in leadership of the White House. Separately, Amazon said in the filing that it may face penalties for having delivered consumer products to entities covered by the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act, between 2012 and 2016. Products included apparel, consumer electronics, software and books. Amazon said it processed goods worth about $2,400 for an entity controlled or owned by Iran's government, for example. "We do not plan to continue selling to these accounts in the future," Amazon said. "Our review is ongoing and we are enhancing our processes designed to identify transactions associated with individuals and entities covered by the (act)." (Reporting by Jeffrey Dastin in San Francisco; Editing by Andrew Hay and Cynthia Osterman) Reblog Share Tweet Share What to Read Next Test your PC building skills with the new PC Building Simulator Digital Trends Don't Buy Furniture Until You See This Site WayfairSponsored Samsung is reportedly making a second, more powerful Galaxy S8… but you can’t have it BGR News T-Mobile scrambles as 911 outage leaves two dead in Texas BGR News
March 17, 2017 Search for: Home News Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store Breaking News [ March 17, 2017 ] H-2A rocket launches with Japanese radar reconnaissance craft H-2A [ March 16, 2017 ] Trump budget blueprint focuses on deep space exploration, commercial partnerships News [ March 16, 2017 ] U.S. military satellite jointly purchased by coalition forces to be launched Saturday Delta 4 [ March 16, 2017 ] Timeline: Delta 4/WGS 9 launch events Delta 4 [ March 16, 2017 ] Watch the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launch the EchoStar 23 satellite Falcon 9 Twitter Facebook Fire returns to flame trench at Apollo-era launch pad in Florida February 12, 2017 Stephen Clark Credit: William Harwood/CBS News Nine Merlin engines ignited and throttled up to nearly 2 million pounds of thrust Sunday during a brief hold-down firing of SpaceX’s Falcon 9 rocket, sending a plume of smoke out of the flame trench at Kennedy Space Center’s historic launch pad 39A as the company preps for a space station cargo mission next weekend. The Merlin 1D engines on the rocket’s first stage were programmed to fire for about three-and-a-half seconds, reaching full power with around 1.7 million pounds of thrust as the Falcon 9 booster remained affixed to the seaside launch complex. Onlookers at Kennedy Space Center reported visible venting of super-chilled liquid oxygen vapors from the rocket leading up to the static fire test, then a white cloud of rocket exhaust rushing out of the north side of the launch pad as the Merlin engines ignited at 4:30 p.m. EST (2130 GMT). SpaceX confirmed a few minutes later that the static fire was successfully completed, and engineers are reviewing data collected during the test. Sensors in each engine were to measure many performance parameters during the brief ignition at the launch pad. Hold-down restraints kept the rocket on the ground. The hotfire test marked the first time a rocket ignited at pad 39A since July 8, 2011, when the final space shuttle mission blasted off there. The launch complex sat dormant for three years until SpaceX signed a 20-year lease to take over the pad in 2014. The milestone static fire test is a major step leading to SpaceX’s first-ever launch from pad 39A scheduled for next Saturday, Feb. 18, with a Dragon supply ship carrying 5,266 pounds (2,389 kilograms) of equipment and experiments to the International Space Station. If the rocket takes off Feb. 18, the Dragon spacecraft will reach the research lab in orbit Feb. 20. It will be SpaceX’s first resupply launch to the space station since last July, before a Falcon 9 rocket exploded on the Complex 40 launch pad at nearby Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The explosion grounded the Falcon 9 rocket for the rest of 2016, and left Complex 40 with significant damage requiring repairs. Preparations at pad 39A took on a feverish pace in the months since the Sept. 1 explosion at pad 40, which sits on Air Force property a few miles south of pad 39A. The crucial static fire test doubled as a check of the rocket’s readiness for flight and the function of the launch pad’s fueling, telemetry and water deluge systems, all of which were overhauled by SpaceX in recent months. With the test completed, ground crews will lower the rocket and attach the Dragon cargo freighter for launch next weekend. Hans Koenigsmann, SpaceX’s vice president of flight reliability, said Wednesday that testing of the new ground systems at 39A was nearly complete, allowing managers to move ahead with rollout of the rocket. “This is a huge pad,” Koenigsmann said. “The runs from the LOX (liquid oxygen) farm and the fuel farm down to the launch head are huge. The transporter-erector is huge. It’s like one-and-a-half million pounds of steel, and (it has) so much technology because this thing controls all the interfaces (with the rocket).” The transporter-erector will carry rockets from the hangar up the incline to the pad, then lift the vehicles vertical. The rocket carrier was observed vertical at pad 39A in the last few weeks during testing. “There was nothing in particular that gave us a hard time,” Koenigsmann told reporters Wednesday during the Federal Aviation Administration’s 20th Annual Commercial Space Transportation Conference in Washington. “It’s more like this whole thing was a huge effort, and at the end of it you want to test and test things again to make sure that they’re ready to go.” SpaceX resumed launches Jan. 14 with a successful Falcon 9 mission from Vandenberg Air Force Base in California, but the company’s return-to-flight in Florida has been paced by the construction at pad 39A. NASA launched 12 Saturn 5 rockets from pad 39A during the Apollo moon program — including Apollo 11 — and 82 shuttle flights departed from the seaside launch complex. But NASA decided it no longer needed pad 39A after the shuttle’s retirement. Nearby launch pad 39B, previously built for Apollo and shuttle flights, will be home to NASA’s Space Launch System, a government-owned heavy-lift rocket that will launch astronaut crews on deep space expeditions. SpaceX chief executive Elon Musk shared this image of the Falcon 9 rocket on launch pad 39A Friday on Instagram. Credit: Elon Musk/SpaceX The concrete foundation of pad 39A dates back to the Apollo era of the 1960s, while the 347-foot-tall (106-meter) fixed service structure and lightning tower were emplaced before the first shuttle launch. “It gives me a little bit of chills when I walk out there and see stuff that’s left over from Apollo,” Koenigsmann said. Since SpaceX took over, changes to pad 39A have included the construction of the new rocket hangar outside the south gate to the facility, where space shuttles and Saturn 5 moon rockets arrived on top of tracked crawler-transporters after rollout from the nearby Vehicle Assembly Building. The hangar can accommodate five Falcon 9 rocket cores at a time, according to SpaceX. Other additions include the installation of RP-1 kerosene fuel tanks and the construction of the massive transporter-erector, which is sized to accommodate SpaceX’s powerful triple-body Falcon Heavy rocket when it debuts later this year. “The transporter-erector is big enough to do Falcon Heavy. We can launch Falcon 9 with it in the center, of course, but the Falcon Heavy drives the size of it,” Koenigsmann said. “You can see … It’s bigger than the one we used to have.” The facility’s water system has also been refurbished to provide acoustic and heat protection to the pad deck during liftoffs, and the water tower at the northeast perimeter of the pad has been repainted, now emblazoned with the SpaceX logo. Later this year, SpaceX plans to add an access arm to pad 39A’s fixed service structure for astronaut crews to board a human-rated version of the Dragon spacecraft beginning in 2018. SpaceX and Boeing have contracts with NASA to develop commercial spaceships to rotate crews between Earth and the space station. SpaceX officials intend to base crewed launches and Falcon Heavy missions from pad 39A, and flights for the U.S. military and some commercial missions will be launched from pad 40 a few miles to the south. Pad 40 should be ready for launches again in a few months after ground teams finish clean-up and repairs following the explosion of a Falcon 9 booster there in September. SpaceX said the construction crew working at pad 39A will move over to pad 40 in the coming weeks. A firm timetable for pad 40’s availability for launches will be better known once repairs begin, but the facility could be ready by the middle of the year, officials said. SpaceX aims to launch once every two weeks after pad 39A is inaugurated later this month, continuing with the deployment of an EchoStar communications satellite in early March, then the launch of an SES telecom payload aboard a previously-flown first stage booster later in March. Email the author. Follow Stephen Clark on Twitter: @StephenClark1. Commercial Space Dragon Falcon 9 International Space Station ISS Cargo Kennedy Space Center Launch Pad 39A SpaceX SpaceX-10 Static Fire Related Articles News Stratolaunch announces plan to fly with Pegasus rockets October 10, 2016 Falcon 9 FAA signs off on SpaceX mishap investigation January 6, 2017 News NASA buys Soyuz seats as agency presses for commercial crew funding August 5, 2015 News Headlines H-2A rocket launches with Japanese radar reconnaissance craft March 17, 2017 Trump budget blueprint focuses on deep space exploration, commercial partnerships March 16, 2017 U.S. military satellite jointly purchased by coalition forces to be launched Saturday March 16, 2017 Timeline: Delta 4/WGS 9 launch events March 16, 2017 Watch the SpaceX Falcon 9 rocket launch the EchoStar 23 satellite March 16, 2017 Home News Launch Schedule Mission Reports Antares Ariane 5 Atlas 5 Delta 4 Falcon 9 H-2A Soyuz Space Station Subscribe Members Astronomy Now Store © 1999-2017 Spaceflight Now Inc. Do NOT follow this link or you will be banned from the site!
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Global Economy Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Trump’s America First policy a test for Apec’s business leaders  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Hong Kong weather Rodrigo Duterte Sino-US relations #SoHongKong China Briefing Hongcouver Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Global Economy Inside Out by David Dodwell Trump’s America First policy a test for Apec’s business leaders PUBLISHED : Sunday, 12 February, 2017, 5:59pm UPDATED : Sunday, 12 February, 2017, 10:44pm Comments:   David Dodwell Share PrintEmail Related topics Inside Out & Outside In Related Articles Global Economy When is a migrant not a migrant? 26 Feb 2017 China Business Businesses globally, (bar the US), celebrate new trade pact 24 Feb 2017 Global Economy Yawning inequity breeds mistrust of elites around the world 19 Feb 2017 As I prepare to fly off to Vietnam and Thailand for the first of the year’s Apec meetings, it is already clear that this is not going to be like any other year in the trade and investment liberalising organisation’s 28 year life. For the Apec Business Advisory Council (ABAC), this is even more starkly true. As the region’s businesses face an unprecedented assault from an “America First” President flirting with trade war, so their mettle will be tested on how clearly and persuasively they can challenge the chilling localist and protectionist winds that have been strongly stirred in the US. The first test, as senior officials gather in Nha Trang in southern Vietnam for two weeks work on the year’s agenda and priorities, will be to gauge how the changes wrought by Trump will affect the meetings. Will senior US officials arrive and sit like Easter Island statues because their scripts have yet to be written, or will US seats be filled by officials too junior to contribute meaningfully? Will US seats be left vacant? I am sure many officials from other parts of the Apec region will want to plunge into the year’s work programme as if nothing has happened. Those dismayed by US withdrawal from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) will be exploring whether and how the remaining 11 can “go it alone”. Those wilfully excluded from the TPP, in particular China, are likely to be pressing for progress on other regional integration initiatives, like the ambitious Free Trade Area of the Asia Pacific (FTAAP). Those that are most vulnerable to the peccadillos of an “America First” administration – clearly Mexico and Canada – may be rolling up their sleeves to build stronger links to other parts of the Asia-Pacific region. The most profound uncertainty must be over whether the US will simply disengage from the strongly multilateral processes embedded in Apec. Trump has made it clear that he plans to exploit the US’s unique size and strength to prioritise bilateral negotiations where US corporate and economic interests can be most effectively exerted. If this remains true, then the traditional leadership role US officials have played in pursuing region-wide liberalisation might quickly collapse – not just in Apec, but also in groupings like the G20. There are other economies in the region committed to championing meaningful integration, including in the politically sensitive and difficult areas of regulatory change and structural reform behind borders – but whether they have the heft of the US is another matter. For the business leaders in ABAC, the uncertainties of 2017 are particularly acute. First, two of the US’s three ABAC members are new, and it is anyone’s guess what mandate they will arrive with. Many US companies have warmed strongly to Trump, whatever the eccentricities of his personality, fired by the prospect of big tax cuts, simplification of regulations, and big infrastructure spending. For the business leaders in ABAC, the uncertainties of 2017 are particularly acute No matter how powerfully US companies have benefitted from the trade and investment liberalisation of the past five decades, some may see little downside in a president who is fighting to keep foreigners out of the US market, and using the US’s market might to cudgel better bilateral deals out of the region’s weaker trading partners. While the long term harm of such tactics might be large, in particular strengthening the regional standing of a slowly liberalising China, the short term gains might be too mouth-watering for corporate America to resist. No wonder the US stock market is at record high levels. A second major challenge for ABAC this year will be in style and format. In past years the pattern of engagement in providing advice to Apec leaders has been carefully and diplomatically structured. At the year’s first ABAC meeting – that is in Bangkok next week – the year’s priorities and work plan are laid out and the year’s deliverables agreed to. At ABAC2 in April, members report back on progress, and at ABAC3 in July, finished reports are tabled, and the content of a neatly bound Report to Leaders will be agreed upon. At the year’s final meeting, ABAC members meet directly with leaders, and leave behind their neatly bound report. Questions are carefully prepared and scripted and assigned to different ABAC members. It is all diplomatically civil, polite and formulaic. What do you think a President Trump (assuming he attended the meeting) would make of such a carefully scripted engagement? For that matter, what would the Philippines leader Duterte make of it? In short, ABAC members need to plan for an unstructured roller-coaster ride of a discussion. From my point of view, this feels like a potentially good move, but the challenge of delivering the business community’s key messages clearly and forcefully will be formidable in the face of Trump’s scatological Twitterisms. For a template, we may do well to learn from Trump’s new Strategic and Policy Forum, composed of some of America’s top business leaders, which met for the first time with him just over a week ago. Their responsibility is to provide views “in a frank, non-bureaucratic and non-partisan manner” on how government policy impacts economic growth, job creation and productivity. So far, even though Uber’s Travis Kalanick has already resigned in protest over Trump’s attempt at an Islamic travel ban, the response has been positive. Even Boeing’s Dennis Mullenburg, hit by a presidential tweet on the high cost of a new Air Force One, has praised Trump for tweeting, saying he appreciated the “direct engagement”. Lockheed Martin, tweet-slapped for the cost of its F-35 fighter jets, also seems to be enjoying the close contact. As one analyst noted: “When was the last time that Lockheed Martin had three meetings in two months with a president?” Vietnam’s ABAC chair has rolled out 2017 themes and priorities around “Creating New Dynamism, Fostering shared future”, built on integration, “sustainable, innovative and inclusive growth”, encouraging SMEs, enhancing food security and promoting climate smart agriculture. Yawn. I wonder what Trump would tweet to that? For ABAC and Apec, the year ahead looks likely to be a roller coaster. If we aim to retain influence, then messaging on behalf of business is going to need to be sharper and more pertinent to the current very challenging business environment. That might even involve tweeting, heaven forefend. David Dodwell researches and writes about global, regional and Hong Kong challenges from a Hong Kong point of view This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Testing times for Apec More articles by David Dodwell When is a migrant not a migrant? 26 Feb 2017 - 10:33pm 3 Businesses globally, (bar the US), celebrate new trade pact 24 Feb 2017 - 10:46pm Yawning inequity breeds mistrust of elites around the world 19 Feb 2017 - 10:23pm 1   Most Popular Viewed 1 Joseph Lau transfers his stake in Chinese Estates to his wife and son 2 How Liu He went from government researcher to Xi’s right-hand man 3 Tibet and Xinjiang offer preferential tax terms, draw China’s jet set 4 Trump’s plans will be good for Hong Kong and China 5 Wall Street surges past 21,000 as rally shows no let-up Shared 1 Joseph Lau transfers his stake in Chinese Estates to his wife and son 2 How Liu He went from government researcher to Xi’s right-hand man 3 Tibet and Xinjiang offer preferential tax terms, draw China’s jet set 4 Trump’s plans will be good for Hong Kong and China 5 Has mining giant Freeport had enough with Indonesia? Commented 1 Joseph Lau transfers his stake in Chinese Estates to his wife and son 2 Hong Kong boasts largest concentration of individual wealth in Asia 3 How Liu He went from government researcher to Xi’s right-hand man 4 Let’s stop thinking of 65 as the benchmark age of retirement 5 China’s CC Land close to Cheesegrater buy Promotions SCMP invites you to Taste of Hong Kong 2017       You may also like China Xi Jinping joins calls for more control of financial risks 1 Mar 2017 - 8:01am 3 Latest must-have designs and products at Maison & Objet Paris 2017 In partnership with: HKT PREMIER China Trump meets with top Chinese envoy as hopes for Xi summit build 28 Feb 2017 - 2:55pm 22 Singapore luxury residences a “compelling” buy Brought to you by JLL World Oscars mystery solved: blame this man for best-picture fiasco 28 Feb 2017 - 10:25pm 17 Hong Kong Regina Ip hits out at Carrie Lam as she struggles to secure nominations 27 Feb 2017 - 8:10am 26 World Oscars debacle: ‘Moonlight’ wins best picture after wrong film is named 27 Feb 2017 - 6:34pm 4 Politics The illness at the heart of Hong Kong’s police force 27 Feb 2017 - 12:54pm 234 China How North Korean maths-whizz defector escaped through Hong Kong 27 Feb 2017 - 10:39am 8 World The Nokia 3310 is back - and it even has Snake 1 Mar 2017 - 11:39am 2 Opinion Chinese Indonesians: distrusted in Jakarta, forgotten in China 28 Feb 2017 - 11:03am 23 Opinion A Hong Kong budget for officials and cartels 26 Feb 2017 - 12:30pm 22 South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Firstpost . Friday, March 17, 2017Latest E-bookSwitch to हिन्दी Front Page Politics Keshav Prasad Maurya, Uttar Pradesh chief minister who never was: Chronicle of a fall foretold A sleepless night, an unrelenting Amit Shah helped Nitin Gadkari save the day for BJP in Goaa BJP is yet to decide but WhatsApp murmurs tell you who's the next Uttar Pradesh chief minister Dawn of a new BJP amid Modi-RSS rift is a myth, they remain very much on same page Keshav Prasad Maurya in hospital after complaints of uneasiness Amarinder Singh spills milk on Navjot Singh Sidhu's deputy CM plans Sports India vs Australia: Virat Kohli's injury not serious, should participate in the match, confirm BCCI India vs Australia, 3rd Test, Day 1 stats wrap: From Steve Smith's milestone to David Warner's India struggles Swiss Open: HS Prannoy advances to quarterfinals, Subhankar Dey bows out Ravi Shastri likens BJP's win in UP election to a tracer bullet, but Narendra Modi's reply the real winner India vs Australia, 3rd Test: Smith-Maxwell countered hosts' bowlers, not 'imagined terrors' of the pitch India vs Australia, 3rd Test: Virat Kohli undergoes scans, hosts nervously await reports India Nizamuddin dargah's head priest Nazim Ali Nizami goes missing in Pakistan JNU student suicide: Are Indian universities creating disenchantment in students? Ravi Shastri likens BJP's win in UP election to a tracer bullet, but Narendra Modi's reply the real winner Narendra Modi, in Twitter banter with Ravi Shastri, used wit and cricketing jargon to produce magic PR GST Council approves all five draft bills ahead of new indirect tax regime From ace footballer to dissenting journalist, Manipur's new CM, Biren Singh has donned many hats World European Union: 1.2 million applied for asylum in 2016; Syrians, Afghans and Iraqis top list France: Several injured in shooting at school in Grasse, one student arrested Nepal: Madhesis reject Prachanda's offer to participate in local polls; launch fresh agitation UK to kickstart process to leave European Union after Queen Elizabeth II gives royal accent to Brexit bill Dutch PM Mark Rutte claims win over 'wrong kind of populism', will Germany, France follow? Paris: Letter bomb explodes at France office of IMF, one injured Business GST Council approves all five draft bills ahead of new indirect tax regime Council clears State, Union Territory GST laws; cap sin goods cess at 15% RBI's policy unlikely to be impacted by US Fed rate hike Flipkart may get $1.5 bn from eBay, Tencent to build war chest in fight against Amazon, Alibaba Railways devoid of dividend payment can now junk populism and hike passenger fares in new avatar Sensex hits 2-year high, Nifty scales fresh closing peak as Fed's dovish rate hike outlook buoy sentiment Life Puns, animals and doodling. Musician Nitin Mani's art is quite a sight to behold Bangladesh's fight against child marriage is stymied by Child Marriage Restraint Act 2017 Entertainment TVF Molestation Row Update: Victims welcome FIR filed against Arunabh Kumar Baahubali 2 trailer: Rajamouli has showcased to the world what Indian filmmakers can achieve Beauty and the Beast movie review: Emma Watson is the weakest in this visually gorgeous remake Omerta first look: Hansal Mehta, Rajkummar Rao team up again for this intriguing looking film Fatwa against Nahid Afrin unfair, says singer Papon Emily Blunt to star with husband John Krasinski for first time in 'A Quiet Place' Photos Videos TECH2 FAKING NEWS हिंदी You are here: Latest News World News Donald Trump says he will bring down the price of the wall on Mexico's border IANSFeb, 12 2017 15:32:59 IST #Donald trump#Newstracker#United states of america#Us president donald trump#Usa#White house Washington: US president Donald Trump tweeted on Saturday that the media was wrong to say the cost of his promised wall along the United States' border with Mexico would be steeper than initially projected, promising that his negotiating skills will bring the price down sharply. File image of US president Donald Trump. AP "I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!" EFE news quoted Trump as saying in a tweet. The Twitter post about the wall was the President's first since 26 January, when he reiterated that Mexico should pay for the barrier considering the US's large trade deficits with its southern neighbour stemming from the North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta), which he has repeatedly criticised as a one-sided deal. Trump, who says the wall is necessary to thwart illegal immigration, also has accused Mexico of not doing enough to prevent undocumented migrants from crossing the border. Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, who has vowed that his country will never pay for the wall, cancelled a scheduled visit to the US amid the flap, although he and Trump spoke by phone on 27 January and agreed not to publicly discuss funding for the border barrier. The speaker of the US House of Representatives, Republican Paul Ryan, pledged in late January that the GOP-controlled Congress would approve funds for the wall and estimated it would cost between $13 billion and $15 billion. But analysts at Bernstein, a research and brokerage firm, have put the wall's price tag at as high as $25 billion, or double the cost of a new highway linking the US's east and west coasts. Since his surprise victory in the 8 November elections, the former real-estate mogul has secured commitments from Lockheed Martin and Boeing to lower the cost of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter programme and Air Force One programme, respectively. He had criticised the costs of those programmes and threatened to cancel the orders. #Donald trump#Newstracker#United states of america#Us president donald trump#Usa#White house Published Date: Feb 12, 2017 01:18 pm | Updated Date: Feb 12, 2017 03:32 pm Also See Donald Trump to donate salary at end of year, says White House official White House announces Donald Trump paid $38 million in taxes in 2005; pre-empts tax leak US Attorney General Jeff Sessions under fire over Russian ambassador contacts Donald Trump's revised travel ban blocked: The US president fought the law and the law won Top Stories India vs Australia, 3rd Test: Rudderless and lethargic hosts allowed visitors to take control on Day 1 BJP Legislative Party to Meet on Saturday to Pick Uttar Pradesh CM Manipur elections paint a picture of BJP that the country should be wary of Baahubali 2 trailer: Rajamouli has showcased to the world what Indian filmmakers can achieve Five reasons why you should have home insurance Council clears State, Union Territory GST laws; cap sin goods cess at 15% France: Several injured in shooting at school in Grasse, one student arrested Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Australia in India, 4 Test Series, 2017 South Africa in New Zealand, 3 Test Series, 2017 Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 2 Test Series, 2017 Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 Afghanistan beat Ireland by 30 runs Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 3 T20I Series, 2017 Afghanistan beat Ireland by 28 runs Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 3 T20I Series, 2017 Afghanistan beat Ireland by 17 runs (D/L method) England in West Indies, 3 ODI Series, 2017 England beat West Indies by 186 runs Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 3 T20I Series, 2017 Afghanistan beat Ireland by 6 wickets South Africa in New Zealand, 3 Test Series, 2017 New Zealand drew with South Africa Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 2 Test Series, 2017 Sri Lanka beat Bangladesh by 259 runs Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AFG vs IRE - Mar 17th, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AFG vs IRE - Mar 19th, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AFG vs IRE - Mar 22nd, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Afghanistan and Ireland in India, 5 ODI Series, 2017 AFG vs IRE - Mar 24th, 2017, 09:30 AM IST South Africa in New Zealand, 3 Test Series, 2017 NZ vs SA - Mar 25th, 2017, 03:30 AM IST Australia in India, 4 Test Series, 2017 IND vs AUS - Mar 25th, 2017, 09:30 AM IST Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Mar 25th, 2017, 02:30 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Mar 26th, 2017, 10:00 PM IST Bangladesh in Sri Lanka, 3 ODI Series, 2017 SL vs BAN - Mar 28th, 2017, 02:30 PM IST Pakistan in West Indies, 4 T20 International Series, 2017 WI vs PAK - Mar 30th, 2017, 10:00 PM IST Site Index हिंदी फर्स्टपोस्ट About Firstpost Newsletter RSS Twitter Facebook Sections Front Page Politics Sports India World Business Life Entertainment Photos Videos Plus New Delhi Mumbai Photos Videos FP Exclusives Cartoons Video Room eBooks Weather Others Sample Papers Online Business Technology News MTV India Online Shopping in India Budget 2017 Assembly Election Results 2017 Weather E-Learning Franchise Opportunity Tools RSS Feeds Apps iOS Android Copyright © 2017. Firstpost - All Rights Reserved. Terms of usePrivacy
Latest View latest happenings Latest News National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Today's Paper Fri March 17, 2017 View Newspaper Opinion Newspost Editorial Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar e-paper e-paper Fri March 17, 2017 Magazines View all Magazines Instep Money Matters YOU US Writer's Archive View all Writers search Home Latest National Today's Paper Trending Census 2017CPECPsl 2017Raddul Fasaad Home Latest National Sports World Business Entertainment Technology Health Oped Opinion Newspost Editorial Writer's Archive City News Karachi Islamabad Lahore Peshawar Magazines Instep Money Matters< YOU US search Today's Paper e-paper Fri March 17, 2017 Toggle navigation Trending: Census 2017 CPEC Psl 2017 Raddul Fasaad Advertisement Can't connect right now! retry add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! add The News to homescreen tap to bring up your browser menu and select 'Add to homescreen' to pin the The News web app Got it! Print Story X Print Story World February 12, 2017 Share Advertisement Trump vows to bring Mexican border wall costs ‘way down’ WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump insisted early on Saturday that he would bring the price of his planned Mexican border wall “way down,” after US media circulated a government report estimating it would cost $21.6 billion. In the internal government study, the US Department of Homeland Security said the contentious border barrier would take more than three years to build and the price could soar much higher than the $12-15 billion figure cited by Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan last month. “I am reading that the great border wall will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the design or negotiations yet” Trump posted in a series of tweets. “When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Programme, price will come way down!” the president promised. Shortly after his inauguration Trump ordered work to begin on building the wall along the 2,000-mile US-Mexico border -- one of his signature campaign promises -- in a bid to block migrants from illegally entering the United States. The issue has infuriated Mexico, whose president has vowed his country will not pay for a wall, which Trump insists the country will fund. Trump’s Twitter missives came as he and his wife Melania are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife Akie at the US president’s Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. As he transitioned into the presidency prior to his swearing-in, Trump -- a real estate mogul who prides himself on his deal-making skills -- blasted what he called “out of control” costs of Lockheed Martin’s F-35 stealth fighters. The company said afterwards it would trim costs for the next batch of planes, announcing $728 million in savings, although most of the price cuts were already planned ahead of Trump’s involvement during a months-long contract negotiation. The US president has also pushed for reducing the cost of the next generation Air Force One presidential jet, which is built by Boeing. The MIT Technology Review estimated in October that the border wall bill could skyrocket to around $40 billion. US-Mexican relations have plunged since Trump’s pronouncements on the border wall, prompting Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto to cancel a scheduled meeting with the new US leader. Advertisement Comments Comment Advertisement Topstory Consensus on military courts as demands accepted Govt will do all to end blasphemy: Nisar Trump’s second bid for Muslim ban blocked Balochistan to become tiger of Pakistan: PM ECP dismisses references against Imran, Tareen View more... see all opinions Opinion Aijaz Zaka Syed UP is not the end of the world Nadir Hassan The Haqqani affair Shahzad Tahir To potential legislators Shahzad Chaudhry South Asian politics: coming of age? Dr Ramesh Kumar Vankwani Mass weddings Ben Debney The paradox of identity politics see all opinions Newspost Time to count New ambulance service Low literacy Sans technology The 2017 census View more... see all opinions Editorial The Abbottabad report Focus on teens View more... see all opinions National ECP decision on Imran proves it acts on merit Only ‘bad terrorists’ to be tried in military courts SC seeks details on local stents manufacturing, prices ‘Meteor’ causes panic in Gilgit, surrounding areas Nisar praises Imran as cricket player View more... see all opinions World Food, drink giants plot fightback in India Six killed as BD police raid Islamist hideouts Thai junta lays out ‘legally binding’ 20-year masterplan China, Saudi Arabia eye $65bn deals Myanmar must allow Rohingya to leave camps: Annan commission View more... see all opinions Sports Smith, Maxwell drive Australia in Ranchi Test Sri Lanka rattle BD with late strikes Players found guilty of fixing will be jailed: minister BCB president says it was his decision to drop Mahmudullah Nicholls answers critics with rescue ton for New Zealand View more... see all opinions Business World Bank approves $450mln credit for socioeconomic progress OICCI proposes reduction in corporate tax, GST rates FDI up 6pc to $1.284bln in July-February PSX starts settling default claims FBR issues notices to 25,000 non-filers View more... see all opinions Karachi SC orders forensic audit of NSUSC via external firm Dow VC finally removed, four months after end of rehiring contract Only few KMC and KWSB surplus employees work, claims Murad Tender to revamp Karachi Zoo awarded to foreign firm Commissioner takes notice of pencils being used for census forms View more... see all opinions Lahore Merit policy opted at each level: Shahbaz High-achievers in trouble over laptops LHC CJ nullifies CPWB DG’s appointment Fraud accused remanded in NAB custody Report sought on salaries, perks of advisers View more... see all opinions Islamabad 57 million illiterates in country: NCHD chief Metro Bus Service to remain closed till evening on 23rd March Japan provides $406,178 for social development projects NAVTTC observes training of millions FGEHF decides to acquire 20,000 kanal land for Green Enclave-II View more... see all opinions Peshawar see all opinions Advertisement PRIVACY POLICY | CONTACT US | BACK ISSUES © 2017 THE NEWS INTERNATIONAL Back To Top
ROS LBoard 1 DAP says voter numbers changed in second display of redelineation FMT Reporters Read More FMT BAHASA FMT BORNEO+ FMT VIDEO CONTRIBUTE NEWS HOME NATION OPINION WORLD LEISURE SPORTS BUSINESS ADVERTISE WITH US Trump vows to bring planned border wall costs ‘way down’ AFP | February 12, 2017 "When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!" the president promised. WASHINGTON: President Donald Trump insisted early Saturday that he would bring the price of his planned Mexican border wall “way down,” after US media circulated a government report estimating it would cost $21.6 billion. In the internal government study, the US Department of Homeland Security said the contentious border barrier would take more than three years to build and the price could soar much higher than the US$12-15 billion figure cited by Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan last month. “I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the design or negotiations yet” Trump posted in a series of tweets. “When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!” the president promised. Shortly after his inauguration Trump ordered work to begin on building the wall along the 2,000-mile (3,200-kilometer) US-Mexico border — one of his signature campaign promises — in a bid to block migrants from illegally entering the United States. The issue has infuriated Mexico, whose president has vowed his country will not pay for a wall, which Trump insists the country will fund. Trump’s Twitter missives came as he and his wife Melania are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife Akie at the US president’s Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. As he transitioned into the presidency prior to his swearing-in, Trump — a real estate mogul who prides himself on his deal-making skills — blasted what he called “out of control” costs of Lockheed Martin’s F-35 stealth fighters. The company said afterwards it would trim costs for the next batch of planes, announcing US$728 million in savings, although most of the price cuts were already planned ahead of Trump’s involvement during a months-long contract negotiation. The US president has also pushed for reducing the cost of the next generation Air Force One presidential jet, which is built by Boeing. The MIT Technology Review estimated in October that the border wall bill could skyrocket to around US$40 billion. US-Mexican relations have plunged since Trump’s pronouncements on the border wall, prompting Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto to cancel a scheduled meeting with the new US leader. Comments Readers are required to have a valid Facebook account to comment on this story. We welcome your opinions to allow a healthy debate. We want our readers to be responsible while commenting and to consider how their views could be received by others. Please be polite and do not use swear words or crude or sexual language or defamatory words. FMT also holds the right to remove comments that violate the letter or spirit of the general commenting rules. The views expressed in the contents are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of FMT. Comments Share this story Previous Story Next Story Iraqi Airways plane evacuated after wheel fire Heart Month 2017: How to make your diet heart-healthy ROS Med.Rect 1 Taboola ROS 1 ROS Med.Rect 2 Most Read News Teen who drove against traffic has ‘OKU’ card All over the place again Don’t travel with damaged passports, Taiwan warns… Equinox phenomenon? Yes, but don’t expect heat wave Putrajaya owns 1MDB’s ‘operational debt’,… JKM, polis sahkan remaja pandu Gen-2 lawan arus ialah OKU Caning 100 times unwed mothers akin to forcing abortions,… Slow learners can get driving licence, subject to conditions Outdated air force leaves Malaysia vulnerable, says retired… Sex with underage girls is a crime, DAP tells Azalina ROS Med.Rect 3 Opinion SB All over the place again Vital to preserve May 13 cemeteries Beauty and the Beast, not the first, definitely not the last Beauty and the *beep* Will Pakatan roll over for Dr M’s agenda? Poligami, ‘hak’ yang melukakan More... FMT Bahasa Polis belum terima permohonan permit debat Dr Mahathir-Nazri Jangan naikkan darah Korea Utara dengan cakap ‘tak cerdik’, kata veteran PAS Tak, hospital swasta bukan lubuk emas BN setakat menang kerusi belum cukup, kata Khairy Majlis Peguam bukan tempat agama Belum sedia laksana daftar automatik kerana skop tugas SPR sensitif More... Misc Ads – Movie Content Facebook Page Home | About Us | Disclaimers / Copyright | Advertise | Contact Us | Copyright (C) 2009-2016 MToday News Sdn. Bhd. All Rights Reserved.
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Elections 2017 Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand Goa Punjab Manipur BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #UPPolls #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » News-IANS » Politics Macklemore slams Donald Trump at Vh1 Supersonic Lindsay Lohan was 'scared' to return to US Business Standard Trump says he'll bring down cost of Mexican wall IANS  |  Washington  February 12, 2017 Last Updated at 02:16 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UTOmrt ALSO READ Trump says he and Mexican leader discussed wall, not payment Mexican president condemns Trump's wall plan Trump to order construction of Mexican border wall Trump to order Mexican border wall, curtail immigration Trump, Mexican president to keep wall dispute private US President Donald Trump tweeted on Saturday that the media was wrong to say the cost of his promised wall along the United States' border with Mexico would be steeper than initially projected, promising that his negotiating skills will bring the price down sharply. "I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!" EFE news quoted Trump as saying in a tweet. The Twitter post about the wall was the President's first since January 26, when he reiterated that Mexico should pay for the barrier considering the US's large trade deficits with its southern neighbour stemming from the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which he has repeatedly criticised as a one-sided deal. Trump, who says the wall is necessary to thwart illegal immigration, also has accused Mexico of not doing enough to prevent undocumented migrants from crossing the border. Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, who has vowed that his country will never pay for the wall, cancelled a scheduled visit to the US amid the flap, although he and Trump spoke by phone on January 27 and agreed not to publicly discuss funding for the border barrier. The speaker of the US House of Representatives, Republican Paul Ryan, pledged in late January that the GOP-controlled Congress would approve funds for the wall and estimated it would cost between $13 billion and $15 billion. But analysts at Bernstein, a research and brokerage firm, have put the wall's price tag at as high as $25 billion, or double the cost of a new highway linking the US's east and west coasts. Since his surprise victory in the November 8 elections, the former real-estate mogul has secured commitments from Lockheed Martin and Boeing to lower the cost of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter programme and Air Force One programme, respectively. He had criticised the costs of those programmes and threatened to cancel the orders. --IANS lok/ (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Trump Says He'll Bring Down Cost Of Mexican Wall | News-ians | Politics PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Double Benefits Cashless Treatments plus Tax Savings Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Trump says he'll bring down cost of Mexican wall US President Donald Trump tweeted on Saturday that the media was wrong to say the cost of his promised wall along the United States' border with Mexico would be steeper than initially projected, promising that his negotiating skills will bring the price down sharply. US President Donald Trump tweeted on Saturday that the media was wrong to say the cost of his promised wall along the United States' border with Mexico would be steeper than initially projected, promising that his negotiating skills will bring the price down sharply. "I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!" EFE news quoted Trump as saying in a tweet. The Twitter post about the wall was the President's first since January 26, when he reiterated that Mexico should pay for the barrier considering the US's large trade deficits with its southern neighbour stemming from the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which he has repeatedly criticised as a one-sided deal. Trump, who says the wall is necessary to thwart illegal immigration, also has accused Mexico of not doing enough to prevent undocumented migrants from crossing the border. Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, who has vowed that his country will never pay for the wall, cancelled a scheduled visit to the US amid the flap, although he and Trump spoke by phone on January 27 and agreed not to publicly discuss funding for the border barrier. The speaker of the US House of Representatives, Republican Paul Ryan, pledged in late January that the GOP-controlled Congress would approve funds for the wall and estimated it would cost between $13 billion and $15 billion. But analysts at Bernstein, a research and brokerage firm, have put the wall's price tag at as high as $25 billion, or double the cost of a new highway linking the US's east and west coasts. Since his surprise victory in the November 8 elections, the former real-estate mogul has secured commitments from Lockheed Martin and Boeing to lower the cost of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter programme and Air Force One programme, respectively. He had criticised the costs of those programmes and threatened to cancel the orders. --IANS lok/ (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Trump says he'll bring down cost of Mexican wall US President Donald Trump tweeted on Saturday that the media was wrong to say the cost of his promised wall along the United States' border with Mexico would be steeper than initially projected, promising that his negotiating skills will bring the price down sharply. "I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the design or negotiations yet. When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!" EFE news quoted Trump as saying in a tweet. The Twitter post about the wall was the President's first since January 26, when he reiterated that Mexico should pay for the barrier considering the US's large trade deficits with its southern neighbour stemming from the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which he has repeatedly criticised as a one-sided deal. Trump, who says the wall is necessary to thwart illegal immigration, also has accused Mexico of not doing enough to prevent undocumented migrants from crossing the border. Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, who has vowed that his country will never pay for the wall, cancelled a scheduled visit to the US amid the flap, although he and Trump spoke by phone on January 27 and agreed not to publicly discuss funding for the border barrier. The speaker of the US House of Representatives, Republican Paul Ryan, pledged in late January that the GOP-controlled Congress would approve funds for the wall and estimated it would cost between $13 billion and $15 billion. But analysts at Bernstein, a research and brokerage firm, have put the wall's price tag at as high as $25 billion, or double the cost of a new highway linking the US's east and west coasts. Since his surprise victory in the November 8 elections, the former real-estate mogul has secured commitments from Lockheed Martin and Boeing to lower the cost of the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter programme and Air Force One programme, respectively. He had criticised the costs of those programmes and threatened to cancel the orders. --IANS lok/ (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) IANS Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
Signout RegisterSign in Long Reads Life Indigenous Sexuality Test your 'Lingo' SBS HOME On Demand Guide By Day By Channel By Genre By Language Programs Radio Radio Podcasts Radio Schedule SBS Chill SBS PopAraby SBS PopAsia SBS PopDesi World News radio Your Language Shop SBS Shop News SBS World News Dateline Insight Living Black The Feed NITV News Census Explorer Power of 1 Small Business Secrets Cycling Football Movies Food Comedy News News Home Video Latest News US Politics National World Asia-Pacific Middle-East Europe Africa North America South America World News Radio 12 Feb 2017 - 9:34am Trump vows to bring planned border wall costs 'way down' US president Donald Trump (AAP) Previous Next Show Grid Previous Next Hide Grid Image 1/ Video Audio President Donald Trump insisted early Saturday that he would bring the price of his planned Mexican border wall "way down," after US media circulated a government report estimating it would cost $21.6 billion. Source: AFP 12 Feb 2017 - 6:36 AM  UPDATED 12 Feb 2017 - 9:34 AM Tweet In the internal government study, the US Department of Homeland Security said the contentious border barrier would take more than three years to build and the price could soar much higher than the $12-15 billion figure cited by Republican House Speaker Paul Ryan last month. "I am reading that the great border WALL will cost more than the government originally thought, but I have not gotten involved in the design or negotiations yet" Trump posted in a series of tweets.  "When I do, just like with the F-35 FighterJet or the Air Force One Program, price will come WAY DOWN!" the president promised. Shortly after his inauguration Trump ordered work to begin on building the wall along the 2,000-mile (3,200-kilometer) US-Mexico border -- one of his signature campaign promises -- in a bid to block migrants from illegally entering the United States. Related reading Swing coach Leadbetter runs rule over golfers Trump and Abe The two world leaders are expected to play at Trump International Golf Club near Trump's Mar-a-Lago retreat in Palm Beach where they will be staying for the weekend along with their wives. Trump, Abe pledge deeper trade and security ties President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Shinzo Abe opened two days of talks on Friday looking to cement a decades-old alliance between Japan and the United States that has been under strain because of the Republican's positions on trade and security. The issue has infuriated Mexico, whose president has vowed his country will not pay for a wall, which Trump insists the country will fund. Trump's Twitter missives came as he and his wife Melania are hosting Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his wife Akie at the US president's Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. As he transitioned into the presidency prior to his swearing-in, Trump -- a real estate mogul who prides himself on his deal-making skills -- blasted what he called "out of control" costs of Lockheed Martin's F-35 stealth fighters. WATCH: Trump welcomes Abe to White House The company said afterwards it would trim costs for the next batch of planes, announcing $728 million in savings, although most of the price cuts were already planned ahead of Trump's involvement during a months-long contract negotiation. The US president has also pushed for reducing the cost of the next generation Air Force One presidential jet, which is built by Boeing. The MIT Technology Review estimated in October that the border wall bill could skyrocket to around $40 billion. US-Mexican relations have plunged since Trump's pronouncements on the border wall, prompting Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto to cancel a scheduled meeting with the new US leader. Related reading Israel regrets Mexico 'misunderstanding' over Netanyahu wall tweet Israel's president has tried to break down the wall of communication with Mexico after an unfortunate tweet from PM Benjamin Netanyahu. Mexico welcomes US idea to make drug cartels fund wall Mexico welcomed on Monday a senior US official's suggestion that drug cartels could pay for a controversial border wall, but the idea raised eyebrows in local media. US-Mexico tensions rise with wall tax idea, meeting scrapped US-Mexican relations were rocked Thursday as Donald Trump's administration suggested taxing imports from the southern neighbor to fund a border wall and Mexico's president scrapped a meeting with the US leader. Advertisement Advertisement Trending News Trump's wiretap allies melt away French teen school shooter tackled by 'hero' teacher Five crucial takeaways from the Dutch election results No evidence of Trump wiretap: Senate panel No cases of 'religiously motivated violence' at Punchbowl Public: NSW Education Trending SBS Want to migrate to Australia? 2016-17 Skilled Occupations List (SOL) announced EXCLUSIVE: I didn't enjoy football until I left Liverpool, reveals Kewell Essien's wife buys Italian football team Dangerous love: Death and violence on Australian visas EXCLUSIVE: Glory star Williams set to become free agent In Social Stay Connected with SBS News Stay Connected with SBS News Vertical Tabs Newsletter Newsletter Subscribe now Podcast Podcasts Listen now RSS RSS Subscribe now txinfo Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am & 6pm Mon-Fri. Stay Connected with SBS News Newsletter Subscribe now Podcasts Listen now RSS Subscribe now Watch on SBS ONE 6.30pm nightly and 10.30pm Mon-Fri, listen at 6am &amp; 6pm Mon-Fri. In Social Subscribe Facebook 861.2K Follow Twitter 271K Watch YouTube 8.6K Follow Google+ 0.9K Advertisement Back to top Copyright Terms & Conditions Privacy Disclaimer Your online preferences Audience Technical Support Complaints Contact Media Releases The SBS Charter Codes of Practice Policies & Publications Freedom of Information Public Interest Disclosure Freeview Using this Website FAQs Our Story Commissioned Content Translations & Subtitling Sales & Advertising Tenders & Purchasing Opportunities SBS International Publicity Media Centre Careers How to receive SBS TV & Radio How to get my Program on SBS What SBS tells me about Australia Why SBS introduced commercials The SBS Board of Directors SBS Shop NITV Podcasts CQ Cultural Intelligence Newsletters
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Startups LATEST NEWS Centre gives green violators 6 months to get clearances In a first, Trump administration endorses India's quest for NSG membership Can Uttar Pradesh now really become India’s Uttam Pradesh? Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Small Biz Startups Entrepreneurship SME Sector Policy & Trends Marketing-Branding BrandingMarketing Legal Money SME Listings More HR-LeadershipLeadershipPeopleSecurity-TechTechnologySecuritySmall Biz (USA)E-LearningBusinessData SciencesPersonal Development ET Home›Small Biz›Startups 04:05 PM | 16 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,586187.74 NIFTY 50 9,15468.90 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,425440.00 USD/INR 65.41-0.28 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Bulls take charge on D-St! Sensex rallies 188 pts; Nifty50 at all-time high Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW How Axiom Research Labs has emerged as India’s first private aerospace company By Kunal Talgeri, ET Bureau | Updated: Feb 12, 2017, 01.25 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Team Indus | Sunday ET | NASA | ISRO | axiom research labs It is the first private sector company from India that is readying a space mission. Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 Bengaluru, Circa 1972 A young Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO) scientist Parameshwaran Sivasankaran Nair signed off a letter addressed to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA). He sought a software product called NASTRAN that helped design more efficient space vehicles. NASA had released it to the public a year before. Nair was one of many scientists working on India’s first satellite Aryabhata at ISRO’s satellite division, then in Peenya in Bengaluru. Three weeks passed, and a reply arrived in the ISRO mailbox — in the negative. The letter said something along the lines of: “If you have a software, we can try and exchange. But we don’t give such software.” Nair turned to the treasure trove that was the Indian Institute of Science library, which housed the country’s finest aerospace journals. What did NASA know? ISRO scientists had to write their own code. With no computer in Bengaluru, they travelled to Ahmedabad or the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT), Madras, to access one. Noida, December 2011 Nirmal Suraj Gadde, 21, was a few months from graduating from IIT-Kharagpur. Schooled in Guntur, Andhra Pradesh, the lean lad wasn’t bothered about the Delhi winter. The aerospace engineer from Guntur, Andhra Pradesh, wanted to work at TeamIndus, but his only contact with boss Rahul Narayan for weeks was on the mobile phone. Worse, Narayan wanted him as an intern. His first assignment at the company that was working out of Noida: “We are going to the moon. What I need you to do is study previous moon missions. Tell me how trajectories are done.” Gadde did that, but hit a block after studying several research papers from NASA’s Space Science Data Coordinated Archive online. “Going to the moon is not that tough. It’s about getting the timing correct,” he told Narayan, adding that he could calculate the trajectory. “Maybe there is some software solution for it?” asked the voice in Gadde’s phone. Gadde found two options: an AGI software priced in the region of Rs1 crore. Or, a free open source tool: General Mission Analysis Tool. “The satellite STK (software tool kit) is very costly,” Gadde said, “so I will go with the open source toolkit.” “Can you walk to my cabin?” Narayan asked. “Open the drawer. The STK CD is there. Use it.” “You have this software here? Have you done anything with it?” Gadde didn’t know that Narayan had no aerospace background. “No, I haven’t installed it yet. I will give you a contact to figure out the licence,” the boss replied. “Can I install it on my machine?” Gadde asked. Narayan thought for a moment. “No problem. You are the only employee right now.” But how did a bootstrapped entrepreneur like Narayan get his hands on the Rs1 crore software? The Google Lunar XPrize (GLXP). This global contest has a $30 million prize purse for teams that can land a spacecraft on the moon, get a robot to move 500 m on the surface, and send back high-definition video footage to earth. XPrize, a non-profit organisation that designs and manages public competitions like GLXP, had sent a tool kit comprising the AGI software to more than 30 GLXP applicants. One of them was TeamIndus, founded by Narayan with Indranil Chakraborty (the only cofounder with an aerospace background at inception), Sameer Joshi, Julius Amrit and Dilip Chabria. TeamIndus is among the final five that will set off for the moon later this year. And ISRO’s Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle XL will inject them into lower earth orbit. What makes these audacious space missions possible? Jeff Bezos, founder of Amazon and aerospace company Blue Origin, told this writer when he was in Bengaluru in 2014. “All the computation required now is extremely low cost,” he said. “What Blue Origin can do with 350 people couldn’t have been done by 1,000 people 20 — or even 10 — years ago. Now you can do computational fluid dynamics, say, to simulate what’s happening inside a rocket thrust chamber.” Blue Origin does such experiments on a computer, and then builds the hardware. At its very essence, TeamIndus — and Axiom Research Labs, the company that houses it — is on track to becoming a citizen of that space industry. It is the first private sector company from India that is readying a space mission. Shooting for the Moon After Gadde joined in 2012, he used all the gravitational parameters and physics built into the AGI software to design moon missions. Back then, it took him more than five hours to do one “trip” to the moon. He would get the trajectory close to it, not quite on the moon. By now, he’s done more than 5,000 moon “landing”. It now takes him five minutes to calculate the most suitable route. “We have laid down the path. Then, navigation is about whether we are following that path or not. And then, how do we control?” In the same period, Axiom Research Labs has evolved into a 110-employee organisation, including Nair, that young ISRO scientist from the 1970s. He is employee No. 25, and has embraced the new era, where young engineers can email the University of Colorado Boulder for a mission operations software that tracks a spacecraft when in flight — and buy other software off the shelf. His only grouse: the software influence is growing at the cost of aerospace engineers losing touch with hand-calculations for basic design — “the physical understanding of engineering”. “There is plenty of information available on the net now,” says Nagapathi Chidambar Bhat, 69, another ex-ISRO scientist and TeamIndus employee. “India didn’t even have a Xerox machine in our days.” Bhat and Nair are among eight former ISRO scientists at Axiom Research Labs. These and 20 other experienced consultants from the space fraternity (professors, scientists) form a core group, with a bulk of the work managed and done by engineers in their 20s. “A TeamIndus may not have been possible in the US because there are many established aerospace companies and it requires a lot of capital to create an aerospace startup,” says Vivek Raghavan, who heads the technology function at TeamIndus as a volunteer, in addition to being an investor and director on the board of Axiom. “Here, the unique thing is that a bunch of talented engineers graduated and TeamIndus became an employer of choice. It has allowed us to build a large team despite not having large funding in the early years, compared with other teams competing for the GLXP.” The unique aspect of the journey to date has been a systems-engineering culture that marries the experience of ISRO veterans with the work of young engineers, many of whom are here because they love aerospace engineering and see this as a gateway for a career in it. Take the ones in their early 20s: systems engineer ES Paul Edward, in the structures and mechanisms team, who finished his master’s from Cranfield University, UK; Karan Vaish, an aerospace engineer who has already worked on the moon rover. Nakul Kukar, another systems engineer who trained at the Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology, Department of Space, in Thiruvananthapuram, even worked with ISRO for some time before joining Axiom. “Each one of the kids who joined four or five years ago is now ready and primed to go to the next level,” says Narayan, fleet commander (aerospace parlance for CEO) of Axiom. “They will be able to lead a much bigger team, to lead a program. In any industry someone starts it. Maybe, Axiom is that entity for private aerospace. I am fairly certain that a lot of what we do here is creating a template for what more can be done from India.” But the ISRO confluence has been crucial, especially for an organisation that cannot afford to look back on what is a $65 million moon mission. And the costs are eye-popping, considering that Axiom has placed 95% of the orders for equipment and material in the US (10+ vendors), Europe (10+ vendors), Japan (one), apart from home (7). The TeamIndus spacecraft (or lander) has tanks that will cost $2.5 million, a $3 million engine and an IMU (inertial measurement unit) to manoeuvre the spacecraft that costs $1.5 million. The vibration test of the spacecraft at ISRO (over Rs50 lakh) costs more than that version of the spacecraft. The XPrize has already awarded a $1 million milestone prize to TeamIndus, and ISRO’s Antrix sign-off for the PSLV deal has been another huge validation. Says Narayan: “There are rough edges. But as an organisation, we are able to punch way above our weight.” “The real challenge is now,” says Nair. “Overcoming technological and time constraints, testing, showing the functionality and, of course, the mission itself. Compared with what we have been through, the biggest challenge is in the next 12 months.” The ISRO veterans have already instilled something invaluable: a review structure. The spacecraft: The all-aluminium quadrapod has been designed and developed by TeamIndus to survive temperatures between -230°C and 150°C. Do, Review, Repeat To do any space mission, there are 11 or 12 standard steps to follow. Narayan didn’t know about this until 2012. That year he met Krishnaswamy Kasturirangan, who had retired as ISRO chairman and was member of the now disbanded Planning Commission in Delhi. The 15-minute appointment went on for more than an hour. Kasturirangan said TeamIndus is on the right track, a validation that would in time prove crucial in many of the ISRO veterans making time for Axiom. The Moon Mission is divided into around 10 subsystems (See Inside TeamIndus’ Technology Subsystems), each of which has four 4 to 12 people. There is an expert or manager in each subsystem. Since 2013, Axiom has separately built a group of 20-odd independent reviewers who know about the mission. “Early on, it was OK to start from scratch and tell somebody in half hour how we got here and what the design is. Now we need people who have reviewed us before, so they don’t have to start from scratch,” Narayan explains. From December 13 last year, TeamIndus had a weeklong review of all systems. Forty reviewers sat together for the systems-engineering overview, and then broke into groups of six or eight that reviewed each subsystem. Reviews can take half a day to two days. “I can choose to do a review every two months,” says Narayan. “Or when I have made a dramatic change,” like a supplier backing out. In that case, a change in component has an impact on power, mechanism and structures. “Therefore I want to do a review.” Every subsystem knows it has to get an independent review before proceeding to the next level. The next all-systems review is in April. Nair says ISRO has always had such an open environment. “If you attend an ISRO review, you see the real nature of analysis and criticism,” he says. Even for Chandrayaan I, a lot of changes were made after every review for improvement. “I see the effort to emulate our processes here at TeamIndus.” The young engineers couldn’t have asked for a more testing environment, while working on subsystems. Such a project approach also lends itself to a flat organisation. “At ISRO too, everyone’s work was open to very critical reviews. Everyone could question, criticise. There would be arguments. Once the decision was made, it would be executed as a team,” Nair says. Epilogue Will Axiom evolve into a Blue Origin? Perhaps not, with the capital at its disposal. It looks improbable for India’s private sector today. “Aerospace engineering is learned by experience,” says Rishikesha Krishnan, director and professor of strategy at Indian Institute of Management, Indore. “Organisations like Boeing or ISRO have cumulative expertise who can build from the experience of trying and failing,” Krishnan explains. “That is hard to replicate and can’t be bought. The other issue is material — aerospace is all about having very strong but lightweight material, which India currently imports or are not available because of import restrictions.” Axiom has started on the path by blending ISRO wisdom with an organisational model. The market they target needs to be deep, if not a mile wide. Bhat, the ex-ISRO scientist, says India’s private sector can have an infrastructure to build satellites rather than focus on launching rockets. “Building and testing is one of the key areas which we have to turn into a world-class capability, so that satellites can be built and tested from India,” he explains, “while the others compete over preparations and launch.” Even this slice of an opportunity calls for huge investments. And the moonshot will prove critical to draw attention to India — and Axiom. The team has made a small dent in the global supply chain by making it to the top five at the GLXP contest. Dhruv Batra, Jedi master (program), has been instrumental in stitching together the vendor base with global players, notably in the US. But when the team started meeting vendors, he heard the following from one of the companies there: “We have the financial muscle to pull off what TeamIndus wants to do. But do you have the technical capabilities to do what you want to do?” TeamIndus was in the US to collect the milestone prize for its spacecraft. But the vendors had grown used to several other GLXP contenders approaching them for sweet deals or freebies. “We are not here to donate our products for charity,” a vendor said. Axiom had done its legal paperwork and emphasised, “This is going to be a commercial venture.” Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com Meal Kit Skeptic? I Was Until I Tried Plated Food & Wine for Plated This Is How Much A Crossover Should Cost! Crossover OffersMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Trade secrets of Baniyas that make them super rich From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Why Should You Get Burial Insurance? Burial Insurance Sponsored Ads Romance Revealed In Santorini. Do Not Miss It! JourneyGreece Credit Card Reviews. Choose The Best Cash Back Credit Car.. Credit Card Sponsored Ads Women Are Racing To This Site Tophatter 5 old premium smartphones that are still a good buy Tata just unveiled its first sports coupe - TaMo RaceMo Miss Universe: Miss France Iris Mittenaere Wins Crown Samsung Galaxy Note 5 launched in India at Rs 53,900 READ MORE ON » Team Indus | Sunday ET | NASA | ISRO | axiom research labs To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Flipkart looks to forge $1.5 billion deal, with eBay and Tencent, to take on Amazon and Alibaba Startups can learn a lot from Infosys, Wipro: Nandan Nilekani Stayzilla case: Will criminal cases against failing startups be a norm? Why the Junglee founders' playbook hasn’t changed in the mobile-commerce era Winding up startup? Steps and precautions entrepreneurs should take to avoid trouble More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive: Uttarakhand election results|Elections Results 2017 Sensex|Gold rate today Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
News24 News. Breaking News. First LAST UPDATED: 2017-03-16, 23:22 INFOGRAPHIC: Trump's America A look at all the changes that have been made under Trump's administration so far. Cape Town Friday 15-21°C Morning clouds. Cool. 3 day forecast Saturday 17-20°c Mostly sunny. Cool. Sunday 15-25°c Sunny. Mild. Monday 17-26°c Sunny. Mild. More weather from Weather24 > Brought to you by: News South Africa World Africa Entertainment Green Health Opinions Voices MyNews24 Columnists Business Budget 2017 Markets Personal Finance Economy Opinion Small Business FinWeek Sport News Rugby Cricket Soccer Golf Tennis Formula1 Other Sport SuperSport Live Streaming Video Highlights Tech News Companies Mobile Opinion Multimedia Motoring News New Models 4X4 Formula One MotorSport Bikes Your Wheels Travel News Explore Family Holidays SA Holiday Guide Weekend Escapes Travel Planning My Travels Lifestyle Health Women Motoring Food Travel Entertainment Parent Volunteers24 GameZone Dating Video News Sport Entertainment Motoring Women Food Parenting Travel Health Focus Project Rise Zimbabwe Aids Focus Good News City Press Competitions isiZulu Jobs Property City Press   Trump vows to bring planned border wall costs 'way down' 2017-02-11 20:50 US president Donald Trump (File, Evan Vucci, AP) Multimedia   ·   User Galleries   ·   News in Pictures Send us your pictures  ·  Send us your stories Video President Trump orders Mexico Border wall to be built 2017-01-26 17:16 US President Donald Trump signed orders paving an immediate construction of the Mexico Border wall on Wednesday. WATCH What To Read Next {{item.title}} Related Links How Trump's plan to pay for Mexico border wall may work Trump proposes 20% import tax to pay for the wall President Trump orders Mexico Border wall to be builtwatch Washington - President Donald Trump insisted early on Saturday that he would bring the price of his planned Mexican borde