Recent Posts Expert predicts oil at $58 pb by 2017’s end Fake cop caught Expat-o-phobia Travellers to Germany urged to apply for visa early this year More citizens target private sector jobs Recent Comments Archives March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 Categories Africa Aisha Al Zabin America Asia Basketball Business Cartoon Conspiracy Theory Cricket Crime E-Paper Editor's Desk Elections 2016 Europe Fashion Football Haider Al Mosawi Hassan Al Mosawi Health Hello 965 Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Middle East Movies & Music Nathalie Basma NBA Noora S AlAskar Opinion Other News Other Sports Others Politics Real Fouz Rio 2016 Sports Subcontinent Technology Tennis Top Stories World Yalda Golsharifi Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Home Kuwait Crime Other News Politics World Middle East Subcontinent Asia Africa America Europe Opinion Conspiracy Theory Editor’s Desk Others Business Haider Al Mosawi Sports Football Cricket NBA Tennis Other Sports Legalese Lifestyle Movies & Music Fashion Technology E-Paper About Us Contact Us Rate Card Job Vacancies 777-300ERs a game-changer for KAC Bernard J. Dunn, Boeing’s President for MENAT, speaks during the interview. – Photo by Yasser Al-Zayyat KUWAIT: Kuwait has embarked on a new direction by realigning its vision on growth and development, especially in the aviation sector, which will pay dividends for the country, said a top Boeing official on the sidelines of a defense conference. In an exclusive interview with Kuwait Times, Bernard J Dunn, President of Boeing, Middle East, Africa and Turkey (MENAT), said: “The plan to build a new airport and its expansion along with the rebranding of Kuwait Airways speak for the future. These moves will really do a lot for the aviation sector and bring in a lot of traffic to Kuwait that has not been there thus far. Boeing is happy to be part of these developments.” Dunn will deliver a speech and moderate a panel discussion at the first Kuwait Air Power and Air Defense Symposium (KIAPADS), which is being held today and tomorrow at the Regency Hotel. KIAPADS is a groundbreaking conference and it is for the first time that a focused air power and air defense event of this profile is being held in Kuwait. The forum will bring together senior air force personnel from all over the region who will review the ‘air power and air defense since the Liberation of Kuwait’ in the context of today’s threat dynamics and their emerging impact. Game-changer “In terms of positioning, the purchase of Boeing 777-300ERs is really a game-changer for Kuwait Airways. The purchase reflects a vision that is really going to take Kuwait and the airline into the future, because with these airplanes, you can operate non-stop flights and connect Kuwait to the entire world. It is an extremely successful aircraft which is being used by our customers all over the world,” Dunn pointed out. Kuwait Airways has purchased 10 777-300ER airplanes, of which five were delivered last year. The other five will be delivered this summer. Countries all over the world including Middle East states have realized that an investment in aerospace industry is one of the most lucrative investments one can make for the economy. “The payback factor in the industry is extremely high,” Dunn said. Market outlook “Our current market outlook in the Middle East projects that the region needs 3,310 commercial jets valued at $770 billion over the next 20 years. This generates a requirement for 58,000 new pilots, about 66,000 new technicians, and about 92,000 cabin crew, while 2,380 new airplanes are to be delivered to the region by 2035 valued at $110 billion,” he said. “In fact, we have to look beyond these numbers. In the aerospace industry alone in the region, we will get to see highly qualified, well-trained and well-educated people who will demand good schools for their kids, good houses to live in, nice restaurants to dine in and spend their money. This will help develop a good ecosystem in the economy delivering high quality and standards to the country and to the population. The more you expand your aerospace sector, the more you are investing in yourself and in your country,” the Boeing official elaborated. According to Dunn, Kuwait has begun to understand the value of an important investment in its economy. The purchase of 777-300ERs reflects Kuwait’s growing understanding of a serious investment in the aerospace sector. The second and third tier effects of that investment are huge. Kuwait will be part of that huge number,” Dunn said. Regional presence Boeing celebrated its centennial last summer. “We arrived at the 100-year anniversary last July as a company crossing a significant milestone. Our involvement in the Middle East began way back in 1945 when we delivered a DC3 airplane to King Abdulaziz of Saudi Arabia. That was our first major engagement in the Middle East and we have been active in the region ever since,” he said. Boeing’s engagement with Kuwait goes back about 50 years to the late 1950s when the company delivered three Boeing 707 jets to Kuwait Airways. “Ever since, KAC has been a very good customer of Boeing. They have operated nearly every type of commercial airplane we made in the last 50 years, culminating in the recent purchase of 10 777-300ERs,” he pointed out. Market share The Middle East is a key market for Boeing and the region has one of the world’s fastest growing commercial aviation sectors. “We have a robust order book for the Middle East with a backlog of over 550 aircraft. Thirty percent of the company’s wide-body backlog is accounted for by Emirates, Qatar Airways and Etihad alone,” he said. Despite being a tough market in the face of competition, Boeing has performed well over the years. “We have dominance, especially in the wide-body market. The next major step for Boeing in the wide-body sector is our 777X. This is an airplane we are developing at the specific request of the three big Gulf carriers in the region – Emirates, Etihad and Qatar Airways. The temperature and the environment in the region make it difficult for airlines to take off on certain days. To compensate for that, we are completely redesigning the 777X to add composites and a whole new wing. The aircraft can carry more people and is more cost-effective and efficient. Delivery of the aircraft will start in 2020,” he said. Talking about 787 Dreamliners, he said both airlines and passengers are happy with the airplane. “We have delivered hundreds of Dreamliners already. The aircraft continues to enjoy good market including in the Middle East. Defense market “Kuwait is an important defense market for Boeing and we have been involved in Kuwait since 1974 with Kuwait’s purchase of a number of small Skyhawk fighter jets from Boeing. Since then, the country has made purchases like Apache helicopters, C17 travel jets and F/A-18 fighters. Currently, we are actively involved in Kuwait’s defense sector,” he said without divulging details of the ongoing discussions. “Kuwait, more than any other country in the region, definitely understands the need for a strong defense. And we are very happy to support their desires to have a fully modern and cutting-edge defense force,” Dunn added. Dunn was on the ground with American forces during ‘Operation Desert Storm’ to liberate Kuwait. “We are doing a number of community activities in Kuwait in partnership with INJAZ to empower entrepreneurship and startup programs among the youth in a sustainable environment. Over the last four years, we have supported around 1,500 students from secondary levels through INJAZ in building greater standards of curriculum. We are providing a grant to Kuwait University for students of its aeronautic division. Similarly, we are also supporting the aeronautic division at the Australian University of Kuwait,” Dunn said. Boeing is expected to open its own office in Kuwait by the end of this year after registration with Kuwait Direct Investment Promotion Authority (KDIPA) as a proper entity. “We are quite bullish about the Kuwait market and as a leading aerospace company, we are looking forward to a long-term presence in the country,” Dunn said. By Sajeev K Peter, Staff Writer This article was published on 25/03/2017 Most Read Kuwait to name, shame complacent personnel after rain damage How About Censoring Censorship? Getting to know the Christians in Kuwait Govt to name, shame slack officials as streets deluged Mosque's imam stabbed Unstable weather during weekend No salary for months!!! Dubai Duty Free expects $2m sales hit from electronics ban Expat-o-phobia Kuwaitis in UK 'safe' Business Cartoon E-Paper Health Kuwait Legal Clinic Lifestyle Opinion Sports Technology Top Stories World About Us Contact Us Rate card 2017 RSS © 2017, ↑ Kuwait Times
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday March 27, 2017 Life & Style Travel Larger / SmallerNight Mode Airline review: JAL premium economy, Sydney to Tokyo Michael Gebicki 14 Jan 2017, 12:15 a.m. With extra roomy seat and legroom, this is well worth the extra cost without the price tag of business. Airline review: JAL premium economy, Sydney to Tokyo Japan Airlines premium economy. Winner: Premium economy seats on Japan Airlines' Boeing 777s are extra roomy. Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit THE ROUTE Sydney to Tokyo (Narita) THE PLANE Boeing 777-300; JAL has 17 of this aircraft model, 13 of them the ER or extended range version. THE LOYALTY SCHEME Mileage Bank Frequent Flyer Programme. Passengers can also earn points towards other Oneworld membership programs. THE CLASS Premium economy, seat 18A DURATION 9 hours 45 minutes FREQUENCY JAL772  operates daily SEAT The premium economy cabin is equipped with JAL's Sky Premium seats. Pitch is 107cm, which is 7-10cm more than in most premium economy seats, width is a more standard 48cm (42in x 19in). There's a USB port and 110V AC power supply and a reading light on a flexy stalk. Since it's a shell-type seat there is no issue with seat recline. The tray table is large enough to work comfortably on a laptop, with plenty of elbow room. It's a day flight and I'm not inclined to sleep but the recline is good enough to get decent rest on an overnighter. BAGGAGE Checked luggage is two pieces with a maximum of 23kg each. Carry on allowance is one bag with maximum dimensions of 55cm x 40cm x 25cm (22in x 16in x 10in), maximum weight 10kg,  plus one small item that can fit under the seat in front. COMFORT Seat 18A is one seat back from the front of the premium economy cabin. Configuration is 2-4-2 and there are 40 seats in the cabin, which is larger than most airlines' PE cabins. There are two toilets at the front of the cabin which are curtained off and meant to be used by business passengers, in the cabin in front, however all the passengers in PE use this toilet regardless and crew don't intervene. ENTERTAINMENT The video screen is 30.7cm (12.1in). The new Jason Bourne movie features on the cover of the entertainment guide and another three Bourne movies feature among the selections. Other choices include The Light Between Oceans, The BFG, The Infiltrator, The Intern, Silver Linings Playbook, The Legend of Tarzan, Skyfall plus other Craig-as-Bond movies and a healthy line of sci-fi, including the Godzilla remake.  Nothing too radical or cutting edge but something for just about everyone. Wi-Fi costs $US18.80 for 24 hours. While Sony claims the headphones are noise cancelling there's enough leakage around the ear cup for that not to work effectively. Apart from that quibble sound quality is good. SERVICE Cabin crew are almost exclusively women of a certain age. The service is polite in the Japanese manner, attentive and professional. FOOD Drinks come around 45 minutes after takeoff, with a choice of beer, wines and soft drinks. I'm having a Sky Time Kiwi, a non-alcoholic JAL concoction. It comes with natto, fermented soybeans which are crunchy and lightly salted and more than acceptable, unlike the evil natto breakfast dish. Lunch is a choice of honey mustard chicken or beef teriyaki on steamed rice, with a salad and Japanese noodles and mango cheesecake. Two hours before arrival a chicken and mushroom pie is served with potato salad and it's not half bad. Snacks and drinks are available on demand. ONE MORE THING Shortly after takeoff the crew comes around with a basket of goodies, a mouth mask among them so you can start your Japan journey looking just a little more Japanese. THE VERDICT Finally, a premium economy that stands head and shoulders above economy. JAL has got a winner on its hands with the extra roomy seat with huge legroom, well worth the extra cost for anyone looking for a little more inflight comfort without the price tag of a business seat. Tested by Michael Gebicki, who flew courtesy of Japan Airlines Our rating out of five: four-and-a-half The story Airline review: JAL premium economy, Sydney to Tokyo first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News Catholic housing plan for Empire gets a nod Adoption by same-sex couple opposed by Catholic birth parents Spotlight on 'inhumane' treatment by Australia in Iranian play Hong Kong gets new leader in limited ballot Family of five injured after barbecue explodes in Belanglo State Forest Editor's Picks A gentle man who endured with dignity The Elf on the Shelf in the Hunter | PHOTOS Extra-supermoon rising this month | photos Popular Hearts are locked and loaded Searching for some Hunter hearts of gold A whole lotta love hearts A gentle man who endured with dignity Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive The Hunter’s best restaurants in pictures | photos CHECK out the top picks from our Weekender diners. Muswellbrook Art Prize 2017 CAST your vote in the Muswellbrook Art Prize People's Choice award. Australian F1 Grand Prix 2017: The race VIC: Sebastian Vettel powering to an imperious victory at the Australian Grand Prix at Albert Park. Cars of Nostalgia 2017 Chrome, colour and the smell of petrol. Check out these classic beauties. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2017. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Domain Sport Local Sport 90Minutes Red and Blue HQ Tipping Competition Soccer NRL National Sport AFL Basketball Tournaments Racing Form Fishing Opinion Editorial Letters Blogs Polls Opinion Liz Love Eats Out Column of the Day GREG RAY: Pictures of the Past Community Events Photo Sales Competitions Find Local Products & Services Newspapers in Education Forms Local Business Feature The Man on the Street Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Hunter Health Kick Kilgour Prize Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Theatre Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place your own classified Tributes Celebrations Ag and Rural Multimedia Photos Video Interactive The Herald TV Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
Home World news Challenge to Boeing, Airbus: China-made passenger jet C919 passes assessment for maiden flight Challenge to Boeing, Airbus: China-made passenger jet C919 passes assessment for maiden flight The aircraft is designed to compete head-to-head with its Airbus and Boeing rivals. The experts have worked in seven teams to assess the jet's design, structure and performances, which they have tested in labs, on board and during low-speed taxiing, it said. By: PTI | Beijing | Published: March 25, 2017 9:10 PM A single-aisle passenger jet that is being built by the Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China is set for its first test flight by the end of next month, according to Philippe Petitcolin, chief executive officer of Safran SA, an aircraft engine maker. China’s first homegrown large passenger plane has passed a major technical assessment, bringing it closer to its maiden flight as the Communist giant seeks to challenge the dominance of western aviation giants like Boeing and Airbus in the global market. An evaluation committee consisting 63 aviation specialists from across China has agreed that the C919 — a twin-engine, narrow-body aircraft similar in size to the Airbus 320 and Boeing 737 series of jets — is technically ready for its maiden flight, the Shanghai-based aircraft maker Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) said. The aircraft is designed to compete head-to-head with its Airbus and Boeing rivals. The experts have worked in seven teams to assess the jet’s design, structure and performances, which they have tested in labs, on board and during low-speed taxiing, it said. The committee has proven the C919 is technically airworthy but the jet is still subject to electromagnetic compatibility and taxiing tests before it takes to the air, state-run Xinhua news agency reported. The jet was built in 2015 and COMAC completed the onboard systems installation as well as major static and system integration tests before the technical assessment. The C919, with over 150 seats and a standard range of 4,075 kilometers, is expected to compete with the updated Airbus 320 and Boeing’s new-generation 737, which currently dominate the market, the report said. Both Airbus and Boeing have assembly plants in China considering the growing demand for new aircraft. Also Watch: Airbus had delivered 153 aircraft to Chinese operators last year, its seventh consecutive year of more than 100 deliveries, AirbusChina said earlier this year. A recent Boeing forecast said China will need 6,810 new aircraft in the next 20 years at an estimated cost of USD one trillion. By the end of last year, 21 customers had placed orders for more than 500 C919 aircraft, and COMAC expects to sell at least 2,000. China’s first regional commercial aircraft the ARJ21 began commercial operation in June last year. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now IPL 2017: Delhi Daredevils complete squad, key players and list of matches G-20 panel meeting in Varanasi to discuss inclusive growth Teenager gangraped on Facebook Live relocated to safe place TV screening of 'The Danish Girl' cancelled in India Awareness about digital transactions must for cashless economy Narendra Modi government constantly undermining Parliament, says CPI (M)'s Sitaram Yechury Return to mainstream: Bangladesh PM Sheikh Hasina to militants on Independence Day Indians regard nature as mother: Rajnath Singh Sabotage ruled out in Ordnance Factory, Khamaria explosions and fire Jail violence in Punjab: Inmates rewarded for saving lives of staffers Will implement Gujarat model of dairy development: UP minister for Dairy Development Laxmi Narayan Chaudhary Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News योगी आदित्‍य नाथ ने बीजेपी नेताओं से कहा- किसी तरह के ठेके ना लें, मौज मस्‍ती के लिए समय नहीं केरल के मंत्री का कथित अश्लील क्लिप आया सामने, महिला से कामुक लहजे में बात करने पर गंवानी पड़ी कुर्सी नोटबंदी में फंसे अनाथ बच्‍चों के 96,500 रुपये, पीएम को खत लिख कहा- प्‍लीज एफडी करवा दीजिए Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News HC says no to tax cut from VRS package of HPF employees JSW Group to invest Rs 7,000-cr more in ports sector by '20 Business Standard China-made passenger jet passes assessment for maiden flight Press Trust of India  |  Beijing  March 25, 2017 Last Updated at 17:07 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUH7sq ALSO READ China's Shanghai Electric to invest USD 9bn in Pak upgrades India-China Cooperation Forum meet held in Shanghai 'India Day' held at China Expo in Shanghai Shanghai expands public smoking ban Bayern open Shanghai office China's first homegrown large passenger plane has passed a major technical assessment, bringing it closer to its maiden flight as the Communist giant seeks to challenge the dominance of western aviation giants like Boeing and Airbus in the global market. An evaluation committee consisting 63 aviation specialists from across China has agreed that the C919 -- a twin-engine, narrow-body aircraft similar in size to the Airbus 320 and Boeing 737 series of jets -- is technically ready for its maiden flight, the Shanghai-based aircraft maker Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) said. The aircraft is designed to compete head-to-head with its Airbus and Boeing rivals. The experts have worked in seven teams to assess the jet's design, structure and performances, which they have tested in labs, on board and during low-speed taxiing, it said. The committee has proven the C919 is technically airworthy but the jet is still subject to electromagnetic compatibility and taxiing tests before it takes to the air, state-run Xinhua news agency reported. The jet was built in 2015 and COMAC completed the onboard systems installation as well as major static and system integration tests before the technical assessment. The C919, with over 150 seats and a standard range of 4,075 kilometers, is expected to compete with the updated Airbus 320 and Boeing's new-generation 737, which currently dominate the market, the report said. Both Airbus and Boeing have assembly plants in China considering the growing demand for new aircraft. Airbus had delivered 153 aircraft to Chinese operators last year, its seventh consecutive year of more than 100 deliveries, AirbusChina said earlier this year. A recent Boeing forecast said China will need 6,810 new aircraft in the next 20 years at an estimated cost of USD one trillion. By the end of last year, 21 customers had placed orders for more than 500 C919 aircraft, and COMAC expects to sell at least 2,000. China's first regional commercial aircraft the ARJ21 began commercial operation in June last year. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | China | Shanghai | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep China-made passenger jet passes assessment for maiden flight China's first homegrown large passenger plane has passed a major technical assessment, bringing it closer to its maiden flight as the Communist giant seeks to challenge the dominance of western aviation giants like Boeing and Airbus in the global market. An evaluation committee consisting 63 aviation specialists from across China has agreed that the C919 -- a twin-engine, narrow-body aircraft similar in size to the Airbus 320 and Boeing 737 series of jets -- is technically ready for its maiden flight, the Shanghai-based aircraft maker Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) said. The aircraft is designed to compete head-to-head with its Airbus and Boeing rivals. The experts have worked in seven teams to assess the jet's design, structure and performances, which they have tested in labs, on board and during low-speed taxiing, it said. The committee has proven the C919 is technically airworthy but the jet is still subject to electromagnetic compatibility and taxiing tests ... China's first homegrown large passenger plane has passed a major technical assessment, bringing it closer to its maiden flight as the Communist giant seeks to challenge the dominance of western aviation giants like Boeing and Airbus in the global market. An evaluation committee consisting 63 aviation specialists from across China has agreed that the C919 -- a twin-engine, narrow-body aircraft similar in size to the Airbus 320 and Boeing 737 series of jets -- is technically ready for its maiden flight, the Shanghai-based aircraft maker Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) said. The aircraft is designed to compete head-to-head with its Airbus and Boeing rivals. The experts have worked in seven teams to assess the jet's design, structure and performances, which they have tested in labs, on board and during low-speed taxiing, it said. The committee has proven the C919 is technically airworthy but the jet is still subject to electromagnetic compatibility and taxiing tests before it takes to the air, state-run Xinhua news agency reported. The jet was built in 2015 and COMAC completed the onboard systems installation as well as major static and system integration tests before the technical assessment. The C919, with over 150 seats and a standard range of 4,075 kilometers, is expected to compete with the updated Airbus 320 and Boeing's new-generation 737, which currently dominate the market, the report said. Both Airbus and Boeing have assembly plants in China considering the growing demand for new aircraft. Airbus had delivered 153 aircraft to Chinese operators last year, its seventh consecutive year of more than 100 deliveries, AirbusChina said earlier this year. A recent Boeing forecast said China will need 6,810 new aircraft in the next 20 years at an estimated cost of USD one trillion. By the end of last year, 21 customers had placed orders for more than 500 C919 aircraft, and COMAC expects to sell at least 2,000. China's first regional commercial aircraft the ARJ21 began commercial operation in June last year. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 China-made passenger jet passes assessment for maiden flight China's first homegrown large passenger plane has passed a major technical assessment, bringing it closer to its maiden flight as the Communist giant seeks to challenge the dominance of western aviation giants like Boeing and Airbus in the global market. An evaluation committee consisting 63 aviation specialists from across China has agreed that the C919 -- a twin-engine, narrow-body aircraft similar in size to the Airbus 320 and Boeing 737 series of jets -- is technically ready for its maiden flight, the Shanghai-based aircraft maker Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) said. The aircraft is designed to compete head-to-head with its Airbus and Boeing rivals. The experts have worked in seven teams to assess the jet's design, structure and performances, which they have tested in labs, on board and during low-speed taxiing, it said. The committee has proven the C919 is technically airworthy but the jet is still subject to electromagnetic compatibility and taxiing tests before it takes to the air, state-run Xinhua news agency reported. The jet was built in 2015 and COMAC completed the onboard systems installation as well as major static and system integration tests before the technical assessment. The C919, with over 150 seats and a standard range of 4,075 kilometers, is expected to compete with the updated Airbus 320 and Boeing's new-generation 737, which currently dominate the market, the report said. Both Airbus and Boeing have assembly plants in China considering the growing demand for new aircraft. Airbus had delivered 153 aircraft to Chinese operators last year, its seventh consecutive year of more than 100 deliveries, AirbusChina said earlier this year. A recent Boeing forecast said China will need 6,810 new aircraft in the next 20 years at an estimated cost of USD one trillion. By the end of last year, 21 customers had placed orders for more than 500 C919 aircraft, and COMAC expects to sell at least 2,000. China's first regional commercial aircraft the ARJ21 began commercial operation in June last year. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Press Trust of India Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News MoP on appointments: Govt gets one ok, SC agrees to age criterion for HC judges Won’t touch abattoirs with licence, says UP CM Yogi Adityanath To check donations in cash to parties, EC seeks Rs 20 crore cap Amit Shah launches battle, ‘local polls first step to uproot AAP’ CJI rejects delay claims: ‘Let govt keep to eco norms, won’t step in’ Gujarat student clash turns communal, one dead From chicken shops to snack sellers, I-T knock on Surat doors Home World China-made passenger jet passes assessment for maiden flight  China-made passenger jet passes assessment for maiden flight  The experts have worked in seven teams to assess the jet's design, structure and performances, which they have tested in labs, on board and during low-speed taxiing, it said. By: PTI | Beijing | Published:March 25, 2017 6:48 pm China’s first homegrown large passenger plane has passed a major technical assessment, bringing it closer to its maiden flight as the Communist giant seeks to challenge the dominance of western aviation giants like Boeing and Airbus in the global market. An evaluation committee consisting 63 aviation specialists from across China has agreed that the C919 — a twin-engine, narrow-body aircraft similar in size to the Airbus 320 and Boeing 737 series of jets — is technically ready for its maiden flight, the Shanghai-based aircraft maker Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) said. The aircraft is designed to compete head-to-head with its Airbus and Boeing rivals. The experts have worked in seven teams to assess the jet’s design, structure and performances, which they have tested in labs, on board and during low-speed taxiing, it said. The committee has proven the C919 is technically airworthy but the jet is still subject to electromagnetic compatibility and taxiing tests before it takes to the air, state-run Xinhua news agency reported. The jet was built in 2015 and COMAC completed the onboard systems installation as well as major static and system integration tests before the technical assessment. The C919, with over 150 seats and a standard range of 4,075 kilometers, is expected to compete with the updated Airbus 320 and Boeing’s new-generation 737, which currently dominate the market, the report said. Both Airbus and Boeing have assembly plants in China considering the growing demand for new aircraft. Airbus had delivered 153 aircraft to Chinese operators last year, its seventh consecutive year of more than 100 deliveries, AirbusChina said earlier this year. A recent Boeing forecast said China will need 6,810 new aircraft in the next 20 years at an estimated cost of USD one trillion. By the end of last year, 21 customers had placed orders for more than 500 C919 aircraft, and COMAC expects to sell at least 2,000. China’s first regional commercial aircraft the ARJ21 began commercial operation in June last year. For all the latest World News, download Indian Express App now Best of Express Yogi Adityanath asks BJP functionaries to shun contracts EntertainmentBaahubali 2 movie pre-release event live updates: SS Rajamouli is offering a 360-degree view. Watch live streaming EntertainmentThe Kapil Sharma Show: 5 moments from its recent episode that prove it has no future without Sunil Grover EntertainmentBeyhadh 2: Jennifer Winget shares new promo showing Maya’s obsession for Arjun. But why did she delete it? EntertainmentPhillauri: Anushka Sharma-Diljit Dosanjh film is a love story we don't get to see everyday Must Read SportsIndia fail to keep pace as Lyon roars for Australia SportsDisappointed to not convert starts: KL Rahul SportsUnbelievable to be evenly poised after Day 2: Lyon TechnologyReliance Jio Prime subscription deadline to be extended by a month: Report TechnologyBaselworld 2017: Highlights from the world's largest watch and jewellery trade show TechnologyNokia 150 Dual SIM now available in India; priced at Rs 2059 LifestyleIn a path-breaking discovery, scientists turn spinach leaves into beating heart tissues Mar 26: Latest News Objective is to rid India of casteism, corruption, Cong, says Amit Shah Slaughterhouses crackdown: Meat sellers in UP to go on indefinite strike from Monday Not laddos or pedha, this Chennai temple distributes brownies, burgers and sandwiches as prasad! Virbhadra Singh warns of legal action over ‘false allegation’ by BJP leaders South African woman held with drugs worth Rs 1.47 crore in Mumbai                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Stephen Sadler Sells 1,300 Shares of Enghouse Systems Limited (ENGH) Stock Unigold Inc. (UGD) Insider Norman Tremblay Acquires 2,000,000 Shares Bank of America Corp (BAC) Shares Sold by Gratus Capital LLC Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns “Buy” Rating from Loop Capital Alphabet’s (GOOGL) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Pacific Crest Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) COO Bryan Timm Sells 123,436 Shares of Stock Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Receives Overweight Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Stemline Therapeutics Inc (STML) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wedbush Loop Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. (LGF) Wunderlich Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Vera Bradley, Inc. (VRA) Morgan Stanley Reiterates Overweight Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Oppenheimer Holdings Weighs in on RH’s Q3 2018 Earnings (RH) Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN Takes Position in NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Norges Bank Invests $41,109,000 in Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Norges Bank Purchases New Stake in Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) FedEx Co. (FDX) Shares Sold by I.G. Investment Management LTD. Putnam Investments LLC Has $517,000 Stake in M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Putnam Investments LLC Takes Position in Conn's Inc (CONN) PagnatoKarp Partners LLC Invests $385,000 in FedEx Co. (FDX) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Buys 33,049 Shares of FedEx Co. (FDX) Cheviot Value Management LLC Invests $475,000 in Boeing Co (BA) Posted by Tony Sherman on Mar 25th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Cheviot Value Management LLC bought a new position in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor bought 3,051 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock, valued at approximately $475,000. Other institutional investors have also recently modified their holdings of the company. Baker Boyer National Bank increased its position in Boeing by 5.7% in the third quarter. Baker Boyer National Bank now owns 4,387 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $578,000 after buying an additional 237 shares in the last quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. increased its position in Boeing by 0.8% in the third quarter. Raymond James Trust N.A. now owns 22,057 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $2,906,000 after buying an additional 174 shares in the last quarter. Jacobs & Co. CA increased its position in Boeing by 2.4% in the third quarter. Jacobs & Co. CA now owns 58,655 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $7,727,000 after buying an additional 1,363 shares in the last quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC increased its position in Boeing by 35.1% in the third quarter. Fisher Asset Management LLC now owns 290,778 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $38,307,000 after buying an additional 75,528 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Naples Global Advisors LLC increased its position in Boeing by 1.1% in the third quarter. Naples Global Advisors LLC now owns 24,216 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock valued at $3,190,000 after buying an additional 271 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 175.82 on Friday. The stock has a 50 day moving average of $175.28 and a 200-day moving average of $153.59. Boeing Co has a 12-month low of $122.35 and a 12-month high of $185.71. The company has a market cap of $107.69 billion, a PE ratio of 23.10 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 earnings per share for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The company earned $23.30 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $23.25 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.60 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.2% on a year-over-year basis. On average, equities research analysts anticipate that Boeing Co will post $9.30 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Cheviot Value Management LLC Invests $475,000 in Boeing Co (BA)” was first posted by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are viewing this report on another publication, it was stolen and reposted in violation of international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this report can be viewed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/25/cheviot-value-management-llc-invests-475000-in-boeing-co-ba.html. Several research firms have commented on BA. Vetr upgraded shares of Boeing from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $153.66 price objective on the stock in a report on Thursday, December 22nd. Barclays PLC upped their price objective on shares of Boeing from $150.00 to $175.00 and gave the company an “overweight” rating in a report on Tuesday, January 17th. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $162.00 price objective (up from $150.00) on shares of Boeing in a report on Sunday, January 29th. Deutsche Bank AG restated a “buy” rating and issued a $175.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research note on Wednesday, December 14th. Finally, Jefferies Group LLC restated a “buy” rating and issued a $165.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research note on Tuesday, December 13th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have issued a hold rating and twelve have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $159.50. In related news, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 1,000 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, January 31st. The stock was sold at an average price of $163.93, for a total value of $163,930.00. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, EVP J Michael Luttig sold 102,080 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 7th. The stock was sold at an average price of $166.76, for a total value of $17,022,860.80. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 206,827 shares of company stock valued at $34,170,203. 0.58% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous 22nd Century Group Inc (XXII) Raised to Buy at Zacks Investment Research Next » Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Purchases 429 Shares of Bloomin' Brands Inc (BLMN) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Stephen Sadler Sells 1,300 Shares of Enghouse Systems Limited (ENGH) Stock Unigold Inc. (UGD) Insider Norman Tremblay Acquires 2,000,000 Shares Bank of America Corp (BAC) Shares Sold by Gratus Capital LLC Canadian Pacific Railway Limited (CP) Earns “Buy” Rating from Loop Capital Alphabet’s (GOOGL) “Overweight” Rating Reiterated at Pacific Crest Columbia Sportswear Company (COLM) COO Bryan Timm Sells 123,436 Shares of Stock Flexion Therapeutics Inc (FLXN) Receives Overweight Rating from Cantor Fitzgerald Stemline Therapeutics Inc (STML) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Wedbush Loop Capital Reiterates Buy Rating for Lions Gate Entertainment Corp. (LGF) Wunderlich Reiterates “Buy” Rating for Vera Bradley, Inc. (VRA) Morgan Stanley Reiterates Overweight Rating for Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Oppenheimer Holdings Weighs in on RH’s Q3 2018 Earnings (RH) Israel Discount Bank of New York GFN Takes Position in NextEra Energy Inc (NEE) Norges Bank Invests $41,109,000 in Landstar System, Inc. (LSTR) Norges Bank Purchases New Stake in Hawaiian Holdings, Inc. (HA) FedEx Co. (FDX) Shares Sold by I.G. Investment Management LTD. Putnam Investments LLC Has $517,000 Stake in M&T Bank Co. (MTB) Putnam Investments LLC Takes Position in Conn's Inc (CONN) PagnatoKarp Partners LLC Invests $385,000 in FedEx Co. (FDX) Westwood Holdings Group Inc. Buys 33,049 Shares of FedEx Co. (FDX) Boeing Co (BA) Position Increased by Wexford Capital LP Posted by Jacob Kohn on Mar 25th, 2017 // No Comments Tweet Wexford Capital LP increased its position in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 954.8% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 61,389 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 55,569 shares during the period. Boeing comprises about 1.0% of Wexford Capital LP’s investment portfolio, making the stock its 19th largest position. Wexford Capital LP’s holdings in Boeing were worth $9,557,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other large investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in BA. Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA acquired a new position in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter worth $106,000. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC acquired a new position in shares of Boeing during the third quarter worth $102,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. boosted its position in shares of Boeing by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares during the period. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC boosted its position in shares of Boeing by 325.0% in the third quarter. Timber Creek Capital Management LLC now owns 850 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $111,000 after buying an additional 650 shares during the period. Finally, Global X Management Co. LLC boosted its position in shares of Boeing by 46.8% in the third quarter. Global X Management Co. LLC now owns 938 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $124,000 after buying an additional 299 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 175.82 on Friday. The company has a market cap of $107.69 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 23.10 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing Co has a 1-year low of $122.35 and a 1-year high of $185.71. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $175.28 and its 200 day moving average is $153.59. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last announced its quarterly earnings results on Wednesday, January 25th. The aircraft producer reported $2.47 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $2.34 by $0.13. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The company had revenue of $23.30 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $23.25 billion. During the same quarter last year, the company posted $1.60 earnings per share. The company’s revenue for the quarter was down 1.2% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts expect that Boeing Co will post $9.30 EPS for the current fiscal year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: “Boeing Co (BA) Position Increased by Wexford Capital LP” was published by Web Breaking News and is the sole property of of Web Breaking News. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of US and international trademark & copyright legislation. The correct version of this article can be read at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/25/boeing-co-ba-position-increased-by-wexford-capital-lp.html. BA has been the topic of a number of recent research reports. Seaport Global Securities initiated coverage on shares of Boeing in a research report on Wednesday, December 21st. They set a “buy” rating and a $180.00 price target on the stock. Argus lifted their price target on shares of Boeing to $185.00 and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $175.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research report on Wednesday, December 14th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $165.00 price target on shares of Boeing in a research report on Tuesday, December 13th. Finally, TheStreet cut shares of Boeing from a “b” rating to a “c+” rating in a research report on Friday, January 27th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seven have assigned a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $159.50. In other Boeing news, SVP Thomas J. Downey sold 2,000 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, January 30th. The stock was sold at an average price of $165.39, for a total transaction of $330,780.00. The sale was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. Also, SVP Gregory L. Hyslop sold 3,573 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $162.33, for a total value of $580,005.09. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last quarter, insiders have sold 206,827 shares of company stock worth $34,170,203. Corporate insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Tudor Investment Corp Et Al Purchases 429 Shares of Bloomin' Brands Inc (BLMN) Next » Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. NY Sells 30,108 Shares of U.S. Bancorp (USB) Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) - SA 314/10 (89.2) Live IND 248/6 (91) - AUS 300/10 (88.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Sci/Tech China-made passenger jet passes assessment for maiden flight Shares1 Sat, 25 Mar 2017-05:09pm , PTI China's first homegrown large passenger plane has passed a major technical assessment, bringing it closer to its maiden flight as the Communist giant seeks to challenge the dominance of western aviation giants like Boeing and Airbus in the global market. An evaluation committee consisting 63 aviation specialists from across China has agreed that the C919 -- a twin-engine, narrow-body aircraft similar in size to the Airbus 320 and Boeing 737 series of jets -- is technically ready for its maiden flight, the Shanghai-based aircraft maker Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC) said. The aircraft is designed to compete head-to-head with its Airbus and Boeing rivals. The experts have worked in seven teams to assess the jet's design, structure and performances, which they have tested in labs, on board and during low-speed taxiing, it said. The committee has proven the C919 is technically airworthy but the jet is still subject to electromagnetic compatibility and taxiing tests before it takes to the air, state-run Xinhua news agency reported. The jet was built in 2015 and COMAC completed the onboard systems installation as well as major static and system integration tests before the technical assessment. The C919, with over 150 seats and a standard range of 4,075 kilometers, is expected to compete with the updated Airbus 320 and Boeing's new-generation 737, which currently dominate the market, the report said. Both Airbus and Boeing have assembly plants in China considering the growing demand for new aircraft. Airbus had delivered 153 aircraft to Chinese operators last year, its seventh consecutive year of more than 100 deliveries, AirbusChina said earlier this year. A recent Boeing forecast said China will need 6,810 new aircraft in the next 20 years at an estimated cost of USD one trillion. By the end of last year, 21 customers had placed orders for more than 500 C919 aircraft, and COMAC expects to sell at least 2,000. China's first regional commercial aircraft the ARJ21 began commercial operation in June last year. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech New algorithm can tell when you'll get bored of mobile game Sci/Tech Xiaomi Mi 6 and Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus specifications, prices surface online Sci/Tech Most massive brown dwarf discovered 750 light years away Sci/Tech Reliance Jio Prime to get one month's extension till April 30? Sci/Tech How eye movements may tell if someone is lying Sci/Tech How a 17-year-old corrected data recorded by NASA on the International Space Station Live Cricket Score Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) NZ trail by 247 runs SA 314/10 (89.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live IND 248/6 (91) IND trail by 52 runs AUS 300/10 (88.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary West Indies vs Pakistan Sun, 26 March 2017, 10:00 PM IST Related Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station Boeing debuts touchscreen-friendly suits for space station flights Spaceship carrying three-man crew docks with ISS, NASA TV reports Video WATCH | Earth Hour 2017: Cities around the world plunge into darkness to bring light to climate change WATCH | Lights Out! 10 years of Earth Hour Watch: Classical Indian Odissi dancers groove to Ed Sheeran's Shape of You! View all Tags Boeing COMAC Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China Aircraft Corporation Xinhua SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News AAP leader writes to Home Minister over threats in courtroom Normal life in Manipur paralysed in strike against MLA Govt to take up case of 'abandoned' German patient in Kolkata Students asked to submit written apology for celebrating Holi at Pakistan's Sindh University Switzerland extends ban on meat from Brazilian processing plants Sport Lyon's extra bounce was the big difference: Chappell Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Baahubali 2 breaks barriers again, becomes first Indian movie to have a live Virtual Reality event! Kapil Sharma vs Sunil Grover: Here's what Bharti Singh has to say about the whole fiasco Legal trouble for Kamal Haasan post his remark on Mahabharata First look of Sushant Singh Rajput's 'Romeo Akbar Walter' out Hollywood celebs ring in Elton John's 70th birthday Money No idea of introudcing new denomination notes at present: RBI Coal India announces 2nd interim dividend for 2016-17 Rly to have integrated software for instant data collection Can suspend auto exchange if confidentiality breached: Swiss ESIC today launched Mobile Clinic Services in AP, Telangana Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
  Search Prayers Nation Crime Current Affairs Politics In Other News World Australia and New Zealand Neighbours Asia Africa America Europe Middle East South Telangana Andhra Pradesh Tamil Nadu Karnataka Kerala Entertainment Theatre Music Bollywood Kollywood Sandalwood Tollywood Television Movie Reviews Mollywood Hollywood Sports Badminton Cricket Football Tennis In Other News Business Autos Companies Economy In Other News Market Technology Gadgets In Other News Mobiles and Tabs Lifestyle Viral and Trending Health and Wellbeing Sex and Relationship Fashion and Beauty Food and Recipes Travel Books and Art Pets and Environment Gallery Opinion Columnists DC Comment Op Ed Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks     e-Paper | Sunday Chronicle     Auto Refresh Search Prayers Sunday, Mar 26, 2017 | Last Update : 09:18 PM IST Nation World South Entertainment Sports Business Technology Lifestyle Gallery Opinion More... Sunday Chronicle Hyderabad Chronicle Chennai Chronicle Bengaluru Chronicle Kerala Chronicle Science Editors' Picks Science Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot AP Published Mar 25, 2017, 8:08 am IST Updated Mar 25, 2017, 8:21 am IST The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner  SpaceX Dragon capsule Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday's spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. A new docking device will fly up late this year or early next. NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. "Nicely done, Shane," Mission Control radioed. On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to provide better clearance for the future ships. Then on Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, French astronaut Thomas Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. "No leaks. No flakes whatsoever," he reported. During their 6-hour excursion, the spacewalkers also replaced a pair of Japanese cameras, greased latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm and even tackled some extra work. Their crewmates welcomed them back inside, wearing special black glasses and face masks, after Kimbrough reported there was a yellow chalk-like substance on one of his gloves. As an added precaution, both of his gloves were bagged before they came off. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready at Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. "It will be exciting to see a new way to bring crew members into orbit," NASA astronaut Robert Behnken said from Mission Control. He is among four astronauts training for the Dragon and Starliner test flights. Tags: astronauts, international space station, spacex Entertainment Gallery Katrina, Shahid, Taapsee, John, other stars flash their class Jacqueline Fernandez and Randeep Hooda are stylish horse riders Sonakshi Sinha gets grooving with contestants on Nach Baliye Deepika, Shahid, Anushka, Vidyut, other stars at their glamorous best Madhuri, Arjun, Abhay make an appearance at FICCI Frames 2017 Anushka and Swara are delighted to show their films to B-Town on eve of release ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR   Video: The touching story of a man who only fosters dying children   Now exorcists blame porn for rapid rise in 'demonic attacks'   Modi among Time magazine's probables for most influential people   Hundreds of liquor bottles from World War I discovered in Israel   'Cigars, sex and scotch' key to living longer, says 99-year-old woman   Restaurant owner fed cops and medics for free during UK attack ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT More From Science Geologist: Shell concealing hazards from Nigerian oil spills Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot Drug to reverse ageing may be three years away Two-thirds of cancers due to random DNA typos: study Spacewalking French, US astronauts to upgrade orbiting lab ADVERTISEMENT Home Asian Age Andhrabhoomi Financial Chronicle About Us Contact Us Classifieds Book Classifieds Feedback E-Paper Privacy Policy Copyright © 2015 - 2017 Deccan Chronicle. Designed, Developed & Maintained By Daksham × Prayers
Just In 1hr Indian racially abused, assaulted in Australia 2hrs Adityanath credits PM Modi, Amit Shah for UP victory 2hrs ‘Maximum human trafficking cases in WB followed by Rajasthan’ 2hrs Adityanath asks BJP functionaries to shun contracts 2hrs Rajiv Gandhi only good human being in Nehru-Gandhi family: Swamy 3hrs Uttarakhand govt reunites over 200 missing people with families 3hrs Egyptian court jails 56 over migrant boat shipwreck 4hrs 2 Hizbul militants killed while trying to ambush police party in J&K 4hrs Jindal keen to snap up troubled steel cos for expansion 4hrs In tit-for-tat, Iran imposes curbs on 15 U.S. firms 5hrs Kandi road project: Uttarakhand to ensure safety of Corbett park wildlife 5hrs ESI mobile clinics launched in India for the first time: Dattatreya 5hrs Kerala Transport Minister resigns 5hrs HAL finalises major plan to speed up aircraft production 6hrs Mamata condemns terror attack in Bangladesh Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD How a border tax could divide Boeing and its parts suppliers Share On JUST IN 1hr Indian racially abused, assaulted in Australia 2hrs Adityanath credits PM Modi, Amit Shah for UP victory 2hrs ‘Maximum human trafficking cases in WB followed by Rajasthan’ 2hrs Adityanath asks BJP functionaries to shun contracts 2hrs Rajiv Gandhi only good human being in Nehru-Gandhi family: Swamy 3hrs Uttarakhand govt reunites over 200 missing people with families 3hrs Egyptian court jails 56 over migrant boat shipwreck 4hrs 2 Hizbul militants killed while trying to ambush police party in J&K 4hrs Jindal keen to snap up troubled steel cos for expansion 4hrs In tit-for-tat, Iran imposes curbs on 15 U.S. firms 5hrs Kandi road project: Uttarakhand to ensure safety of Corbett park wildlife 5hrs ESI mobile clinics launched in India for the first time: Dattatreya 5hrs Kerala Transport Minister resigns 5hrs HAL finalises major plan to speed up aircraft production 6hrs Mamata condemns terror attack in Bangladesh CLOSE Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Hate crimes against Indians Business Business How a border tax could divide Boeing and its parts suppliers Reuters SEATTLE March 26, 2017 03:27 IST Updated: March 26, 2017 03:27 IST Share Article PRINT A A A RENTON, WASHINGTON, USA: A view of the 737 aircraft being assembled at the Boeing manufacturing facility at Renton, near Seattle, USA. Photo: T.E. Raja Simhan   | Photo Credit: T.E. Raja Simhan Reuters SEATTLE March 26, 2017 03:27 IST Updated: March 26, 2017 03:27 IST more-in A proposal to tax imports at a 20% rate could also hurt other manufacturers A U.S. tax overhaul proposed by Republican leaders in Congress would deepen divisions between big manufacturers like Boeing Co. and the thousands of smaller companies that supply them, according to suppliers and tax and trade experts. U.S. automakers and other manufacturers that rely on imported components also would be affected by the proposals, which would tax imports at a 20% rate, and could split these sectors into winners and losers. The revamp would heighten existing tensions in the aerospace industry, where Boeing’s aggressive cost-cutting driven by fierce competition with European rival Airbus has pushed suppliers to lower prices and source more parts and materials abroad. Aerospace components often zigzag through multiple countries and companies before reaching Boeing’s factories in Washington and South Carolina. U.S.-based suppliers to Boeing would face a tax on their imports of these parts. Boeing, the top exporter among U.S. manufacturers, would export its jetliners tax free. Boeing and some of its largest suppliers, such as United Technologies Corp., General Electric Co. and Honeywell International Inc., which also have substantial exports, favour the Republican tax package. The plans, laid out in a blueprint last year and which President Donald Trump has spoken about favourably, aim to boost U.S. manufacturing, and include cutting the corporate tax rate to 20% from 35% and making capital investments immediately deductible. If the proposed 20% tax on imported goods had been in effect last year, Norfil Complex Machining, a 40-employee company in Pacific, Washington, likely would have paid more for titanium it imports from Russia. The metal goes into parts Norfil makes for Boeing landing gear that get assembled in Japan. “A lot of Russian titanium goes into planes,” said Doren Spinner, Norfil’s CEO. His purchase contracts have pricing that adjusts if costs go up, so the tax “would end up affecting what the plane would cost,” he says. Other companies said it would be tough to pass higher costs on, and some might move production to low-cost locations abroad. “If the taxes are ridiculous, we’d just have to think of something creative,” said Paul Doran, a sales manager at Mifa, a subsidiary of Netherlands-based Aalberts Industries NV that makes precision aluminium parts for aerospace, autos and other industries. “I think most companies would be in the same boat.” Colin Frost, COO at parts and tooling supplier Carr Lane Manufacturing Co. in St. Louis, Missouri, said he would consider manufacturing overseas if the tax plan were passed. “We’d end up splitting up the company and I don’t think that’s necessarily good for the U.S. economy,” he said. Boeing said it was too soon to judge the plan’s effects on suppliers and so far it appeared likely to benefit the industry as a whole rather than disrupt the supply chain. “These assessments will vary by company, and it’s premature to speculate or generalize,” Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said. Outsourcing conundrum Boeing was among about 90 companies, including many suppliers, that signed a letter this month from the Aerospace Industries Association urging Congress to overhaul the U.S. tax system. Boeing also is part of the American Made Coalition, an industry group that backs Republican tax proposals. Proponents say tax reform also would strengthen the dollar, offsetting the impact of the import tax for suppliers, and would encourage companies to invest in the U.S. The tax overhaul could have cut Boeing’s taxable income by an estimated $44.5 billion last year, according to tax experts and a Reuters analysis of Boeing’s 2016 deliveries. Two-thirds of Boeing’s jetliners were delivered overseas and would be tax exempt. Worth about $89 billion at list prices, they were likely sold at discounts of about 50% typical in the industry. Boeing declined to comment on the estimate. Boeing would face import taxes, too. Its 787 Dreamliner, for example, uses major parts from Japan’s Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd., Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd, Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. and Italy’s Leonardo SpA . Boeing also would still pay tax on sales to U.S. airlines and the new tax regime would affect its defence and space businesses, which source and sell globally. Yet suppliers say Boeing’s vigorous cost-saving has pressed many to outsource production to low-cost countries, which now exposes them to a potential border tax. U.S. aerospace imports have doubled the past decade, with Mexico the fastest-growing source, up 950% since 2006. A tax on imports would certainly affect “complex decisions on choosing suppliers,” said David Wireman, MD and co-head of aerospace and defense at consulting firm AlixPartners. Post a Comment More In Business Related Articles << Previous Story Have foreign fund flows been volatile? Next Story >> Enough with Hong Kong market’s dark alleys Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Mar 26, 2017 9:19:58 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/business/how-a-border-tax-could-divide-boeing-and-its-parts-suppliers/article17665473.ece © The Hindu PE-funded start-ups grow faster than firms going solo Start-ups with funding had 40% sales growth, on average Sangeetha Kandavel Jobs impact of ‘Make In India’ under review Centre working on report assessing compliance by agencies Arun S Top Picks in The Hindu today Cummins v Rahul, and DRS brain-fades Miles to go in the fight against tuberculosis Justice League trailer: heavy metal stuff Snapchat most searched app on App Store Manual scavenging: An indelible blot on urban life After a year in the wild, reality show contestants learn their show was cancelled Jury saw me as a wealthy, successful immigrant: Gupta Egyptian vultures find their nest back in Delhi Earth Hour turns 10 No winners in this battle Close X Next Story >> Enough with Hong Kong market’s dark alleys CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Last updated: 8 min 54 sec ago Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Editorial Letters Media Jobs Egypt’s last Jews aim to keep alive heritage Iran imposes sanctions on 15 US companies Dustin Johnson, Jon Rahm advance to Match Play semifinals Wall lifts Wizards over Cavs 127-115 Oregon, Gonzaga reach NCAA Final Four Mi-Rim Lee grabs Kia Classic lead UK police still think Westminster attacker acted alone 4 dead, 23 wounded in grenade attack in southern Philippines Arrests after scuffle breaks out at California Trump rally Arrogate comes from last to win $10M Dubai World Cup easily You are here Home Business & Economy How a border tax could divide Boeing and its suppliers Business & Economy How a border tax could divide Boeing and its suppliers /node/1073936/business-economy How a border tax could divide Boeing and its suppliers Alwyn Scott | Published — Sunday 26 March 2017 Boeing's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, in this October 12, 2016 file photo. (Reuters) SEATTLE: A US tax overhaul proposed by Republican leaders in Congress would deepen divisions between big manufacturers like Boeing Co. and the thousands of smaller companies that supply them, according to suppliers and tax and trade experts. US automakers and other manufacturers that rely on imported components also would be affected by the proposals, which would tax imports at a 20 percent rate, and could split these sectors into winners and losers. The revamp would heighten existing tensions in the aerospace industry, where Boeing’s aggressive cost-cutting driven by fierce competition with European rival Airbus has pushed suppliers to lower prices and source more parts and materials abroad. Aerospace components often zigzag through multiple countries and companies before reaching Boeing’s factories in Washington and South Carolina. US-based suppliers to Boeing would face a tax on their imports of these parts. Boeing, the top exporter among US manufacturers, would export its jetliners without paying any tax. Boeing and some of its largest suppliers, such as United Technologies Corp., General Electric Co., and Honeywell International Inc., which also have substantial exports, favor the Republican tax package. The plans, laid out in a blueprint last year and which President Donald Trump has spoken about favorably, aim to boost US manufacturing, and include cutting the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent and making capital investments immediately deductible. Lawmakers already are at work drafting a tax bill to introduce by early summer, but it could be delayed if health care changes take longer than expected, according to congressional staff. If the proposed 20 percent tax on imported goods had been in effect last year, Norfil Complex Machining — a 40-employee company in Pacific, Washington — would have paid more for titanium it imports from Russia. The metal goes into parts Norfil makes for Boeing landing gear that is assembled in Japan. “A lot of Russian titanium goes into planes,” said Doren Spinner, Norfil’s CEO. His purchase contracts have pricing that adjusts if costs go up, so the tax “would end up affecting what the plane would cost,” he says. Other companies said it would be tough to pass higher costs on, and some might move production to low-cost locations abroad. “If the taxes are ridiculous, we would just have to think of something creative,” said Paul Doran, a sales manager at Mifa, a subsidiary of Netherlands-based Aalberts Industries NV that makes precision aluminum parts for aerospace, autos and other industries. “I think most companies would be in the same boat.” Colin Frost, chief operating officer (COO) at parts and tooling supplier Carr Lane Manufacturing Co. in St. Louis, Missouri, said he would consider manufacturing overseas if the tax plan were passed. “We would end up splitting up the company and I do not think that is necessarily good for the US economy,” he said. Boeing said it was too soon to judge the plan’s effects on suppliers and so far it appeared likely to benefit the industry as a whole rather than disrupt the supply chain. “These assessments will vary by company, and it is premature to speculate or generalize,” Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said. Boeing was among about 90 companies, which signed a letter this month from the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) urging Congress to overhaul the US tax system. Boeing also is part of the American Made Coalition (AMC), an industry group that backs Republican tax proposals. Proponents say tax reform also would strengthen the dollar, offsetting the impact of the import tax for suppliers, and would encourage companies to invest in the US. The tax overhaul could have cut Boeing’s taxable income by an estimated $44.5 billion last year, according to tax experts and a Reuters analysis of Boeing’s 2016 deliveries. Two-thirds of Boeing’s jetliners were delivered overseas and would be tax exempt. Worth about $89 billion at list prices, they were likely sold at discounts of about 50 percent typical in the industry. Boeing declined to comment on the estimate. Boeing would face import taxes, too. Its 787 Dreamliner, for example, uses major parts from Japan’s Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd., Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd., Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. and Italy’s Leonardo SpA. SEATTLE: A US tax overhaul proposed by Republican leaders in Congress would deepen divisions between big manufacturers like Boeing Co. and the thousands of smaller companies that supply them, according to suppliers and tax and trade experts. US automakers and other manufacturers that rely on imported components also would be affected by the proposals, which would tax imports at a 20 percent rate, and could split these sectors into winners and losers. The revamp would heighten existing tensions in the aerospace industry, where Boeing’s aggressive cost-cutting driven by fierce competition with European rival Airbus has pushed suppliers to lower prices and source more parts and materials abroad. Aerospace components often zigzag through multiple countries and companies before reaching Boeing’s factories in Washington and South Carolina. US-based suppliers to Boeing would face a tax on their imports of these parts. Boeing, the top exporter among US manufacturers, would export its jetliners without paying any tax. Boeing and some of its largest suppliers, such as United Technologies Corp., General Electric Co., and Honeywell International Inc., which also have substantial exports, favor the Republican tax package. The plans, laid out in a blueprint last year and which President Donald Trump has spoken about favorably, aim to boost US manufacturing, and include cutting the corporate tax rate to 20 percent from 35 percent and making capital investments immediately deductible. Lawmakers already are at work drafting a tax bill to introduce by early summer, but it could be delayed if health care changes take longer than expected, according to congressional staff. If the proposed 20 percent tax on imported goods had been in effect last year, Norfil Complex Machining — a 40-employee company in Pacific, Washington — would have paid more for titanium it imports from Russia. The metal goes into parts Norfil makes for Boeing landing gear that is assembled in Japan. “A lot of Russian titanium goes into planes,” said Doren Spinner, Norfil’s CEO. His purchase contracts have pricing that adjusts if costs go up, so the tax “would end up affecting what the plane would cost,” he says. Other companies said it would be tough to pass higher costs on, and some might move production to low-cost locations abroad. “If the taxes are ridiculous, we would just have to think of something creative,” said Paul Doran, a sales manager at Mifa, a subsidiary of Netherlands-based Aalberts Industries NV that makes precision aluminum parts for aerospace, autos and other industries. “I think most companies would be in the same boat.” Colin Frost, chief operating officer (COO) at parts and tooling supplier Carr Lane Manufacturing Co. in St. Louis, Missouri, said he would consider manufacturing overseas if the tax plan were passed. “We would end up splitting up the company and I do not think that is necessarily good for the US economy,” he said. Boeing said it was too soon to judge the plan’s effects on suppliers and so far it appeared likely to benefit the industry as a whole rather than disrupt the supply chain. “These assessments will vary by company, and it is premature to speculate or generalize,” Boeing spokeswoman Kate Bernard said. Boeing was among about 90 companies, which signed a letter this month from the Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) urging Congress to overhaul the US tax system. Boeing also is part of the American Made Coalition (AMC), an industry group that backs Republican tax proposals. Proponents say tax reform also would strengthen the dollar, offsetting the impact of the import tax for suppliers, and would encourage companies to invest in the US. The tax overhaul could have cut Boeing’s taxable income by an estimated $44.5 billion last year, according to tax experts and a Reuters analysis of Boeing’s 2016 deliveries. Two-thirds of Boeing’s jetliners were delivered overseas and would be tax exempt. Worth about $89 billion at list prices, they were likely sold at discounts of about 50 percent typical in the industry. Boeing declined to comment on the estimate. Boeing would face import taxes, too. Its 787 Dreamliner, for example, uses major parts from Japan’s Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd., Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd., Kawasaki Heavy Industries Ltd. and Italy’s Leonardo SpA. Comments View the discussion thread. MORE FROM Business & Economy Uber grounds self-driving cars after accident WASHINGTON: Uber has grounded its fleet of self-driving cars pending an investigation into the... Britain’s poorest, excluded from banking, turn to high-cost credit: Report LONDON: Poorer people in Britain are being excluded from the financial system and forced to rely on... World equities wobble as Trump health bill vote canceled How a border tax could divide Boeing and its suppliers EU recommends suspending drugs tested by Indian firm India’s Reliance Industries penalized for alleged fraud Load more Uber grounds self-driving cars after accident Ford has family in mind this Mother’s Day Margot Robbie, Nissan’s first electric vehicle ambassador TOUS’ Riyadh store marks jewelry brand’s growth in GCC Lulu’s World Food Expo will kick off today Kenaz Jewelry, a fast-growing diamond brand in KSA Latest News Egypt’s last Jews aim to keep alive heritage Iran imposes sanctions on 15 US companies Dustin Johnson, Jon Rahm advance to Match Play semifinals Wall lifts Wizards over Cavs 127-115 Oregon, Gonzaga reach NCAA Final Four Mi-Rim Lee grabs Kia Classic lead Opinion — Khalid Abdulla-Janahi — Leadership through ethics — Khalaf Ahmad Al-Habtoor — Why you should not invest in Iran! — Yossi Mekelberg — Populists of all the world unite (or rather not...) — Manuel Almeida — Iraq offers a window of opportunity for the Arab League — Bjorn Lomborg — Using data to find the middle ground — Maria Dubovikova — The complications in Yemen More in Opinion MOST POPULAR Day Week Month Most Read Shared Dubai travelers hit as laptop ban takes off 5095 views Hindus and Muslims clash in home state of India’s PM; 1 dead, 14 injured 3183 views India’s Reliance Industries penalized for alleged fraud 1376 views Expat remittances play key role in national growth 1355 views Saudi Arabia, Pakistan to work closely within ‘Vision 2030’ 1324 views Prove you are ‘leaders of Europe,’ Tusk tells Rome summit 1112 views Most Read Shared 90-day amnesty period allows illegal workers to return to Saudi Arabia 32205 views International schools in KSA see enrollment drop 25% 16755 views Viral video of Turkish proposal in front of Islam’s Kaaba sparks anger online 16091 views Saudization directly affects economic growth: Labor minister 15531 views Young Saudi nurses struggle with expectations versus reality of the job 13669 views Israeli soldiers seize boy, shoot dead teen 10578 views Most Read Shared 90-day amnesty period allows illegal workers to return to Saudi Arabia 32205 views 90-day amnesty granted to residency, labor violators in Saudi Arabia 21019 views International schools in KSA see enrollment drop 25% 16755 views Viral video of Turkish proposal in front of Islam’s Kaaba sparks anger online 16091 views Saudization directly affects economic growth: Labor minister 15531 views Young Saudi nurses struggle with expectations versus reality of the job 13669 views Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Privacy & Terms of Service © 2017 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States New China Airliner Major Threat to Boeing By Douglas A. McIntyre March 25, 2017 9:05 am EDT Print Email Tweet Boeing Co. (NYSE: BA) recently said that Asia, and particularly China, are the key to its future growth. China just put up a barrier to those ambitions. Its new, locally built jetliner has passed a critical series of tests. In Boeing’s most recent 20-year industry forecast (2016 to 2035), its experts wrote: The Asia region continues to demonstrate vigorous economic growth at a rate of 4.1 percent per year, outpacing the global average by 2.9 percent. Driven by China and India as the main engines of growth, the region’s share of world GDP is projected to rise from 31 percent today to 39 percent by 2035. The significant growth rate in this emerging market is expected to continue. As a result, airlines, airport capacity, and passenger traffic are expected to experience a robust growth rate in the next 20 years. Demand in commercial aviation is also coming from the continuing expansion of the middle class in Asia, where a greater sector of the population is reaching income levels that make flying more affordable. The People’s Daily described the latest development in China’s local initiative: China’s first large domestically designed and built passenger jetliner has passed a major technical assessment, bringing it a closer to its maiden flight, sources with the developer said Saturday. An evaluation committee consisting 63 aviation specialists from across China has agreed the C919 is technically ready for its maiden flight, said the Shanghai-based aircraft maker, Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) in a press release. The experts have worked in seven teams to assess the jet’s design, structure and performances, which they have tested in labs, on board and during low-speed taxiing, it said. The committee has proven the C919 is technically airworthy but the jet is still subject to electromagnetic compatibility and taxiing tests before it takes to the air. The jet was built in 2015 and COMAC completed the onboard systems installation as well as major static and system integration tests before the technical assessment. The C919, with over 150 seats and a standard range of 4,075 kilometers, is expected to compete with the updated Airbus 320 and Boeing’s new-generation 737, which currently dominate the market. By the end of 2016, 21 customers had placed orders for more than 500 C919 aircraft, and COMAC expects to sell at least 2,000. Boeing is often identified as the single largest American exporter. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « 7 Analyst Stock Picks That Could Surge 50%, 100% or Exponentially How Health Care Stocks Responded to the Shelved Health Care Bill » Read more: Aerospace & Defense, Corporate Performance, The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular Cities Americans Are Abandoning 25 Worst Tasting Beers in America Most Educated City in Each State 10 Disappearing Car Brands The Best Counties to Live In Recent Insider Buying Jumps as Market Volatility Grows: Sears, IFF, Pulse Biosciences, PRA Group, Radius Health and More Why FireEye Could Outperform Other Cybersecurity Leaders Why Analysts Are Growing Even More Bullish on Micron Technology 2 IPOs Succeeded Last Week, as Did a Blank-Check Company That Raised $900 Million Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Amazon Can't Hide It…It's Betting Big on Alexa More Marijuana Sales Taxes Are Coming Why Apple Is Letting Oppo and Vivo Win in China Trump says tax reform is next on agenda Trump says he's open to talking to Democrats if Obamacare explodes Trump: 'We couldn't quite get there' on health bill Today's Strong Buys Breaking Out to New Highs Q1 Earnings Season Preview Master Your Emotions to Beat the Market OPEC, non-OPEC to look at extending oil-output cut by six months Bull market not dead as tax reform takes spotlight Trump greenlights Keystone XL pipeline, but obstacles loom Russia Says Oil Cuts May Be Extended Amid High Compliance 3 Things You May Be Getting Wrong About Retirement Planning Can Frontier Stock Bounce Back After Last Week's 15% Drop? Democrats Introduce 'Mar-A-Lago Act' To Make Trump Meetings More Transparent Uber Halts Self-Driving Car Fleet After Crash In Arizona A Future Farming Industry Grows In Brooklyn Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Aerospace blog Boeing plans to lay off 170 workers in region; offers buyouts Dan Catchpole Tue Mar 21st, 2017 1:30am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. EVERETT — The Boeing Co. announced more layoffs and a new round of buyouts late last week for workers around Puget Sound. The company continues to trim its workforce as it cuts costs to make up for market pressures and to make good on promises to boost profits and payouts for shareholders. At least 170 people received layoff notices Friday — 111 members of the Machinists union and 62 white-collar workers represented by the Society of Professional Engineering Employees in Aerospace (SPEEA). It is not clear how many non-union workers were laid off. Boeing is following through on the plan outlined to employees in December, Boeing Commercial Airplanes spokesman Paul Bergman said. “In an ongoing effort to increase overall competitiveness and invest in our future, we are reducing costs and matching employment levels to business and market requirements.” Cutting labor costs includes managers and executives, and involves layoffs, buyouts, attrition and leaving open positions empty, he said. On Thursday, the company offered buyouts to some white-collar workers, including many SPEEA members in Washington and Oregon. “Our business environment and the amount of voluntary attrition this year will determine any additional need for voluntary or involuntary layoffs,” the announcement to workers said. The planned last day for workers taking the deal is June 23. Boeing executives have indicated they aim to cut jobs this year at about the same rate as 2016, when the company reduced its workforce by 8.5 percent. The company’s commercial airplane division was cut by about 5 percent. At the end of February, Boeing had 147,683 workers. About half work at Boeing Commercial Airplanes, and 71,036 are in Washington. Today, SPEEA represents about 18,650 Boeing workers, most in Puget Sound. That is about 500 fewer members than it had at the start of the year. Since early 2016, it has lost about 1,700 members. In late January, 167 SPEEA members were laid off by Boeing Commercial Airplanes, and 34 were let go by Boeing Defense, Space and Security. About 300 more took buyouts offered to union members that month. Another 1,500 Machinists union members took the buyouts. The company will not say how many non-union employees took the buyout. “We’ve been told that no one who’s asked for a voluntary layoff has been turned down,” SPEEA spokesman Bill Dugovich said. More layoffs are expected in late April, he said. A spokeswoman with the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers District Lodge 751, which represents about 30,000 Boeing workers, said the company has not said whether more job cuts are coming or when. However, workers at Boeing Defense, Space and Security’s helicopter plant near Philadelphia are expecting layoff notices in April, an official with United Aerospace Workers Local 1069 told the Philadelphia Inquirer on Friday. The union represents about 1,370 of 4,500 workers at Boeing’s Ridley Park plant, where it assembles powerful twin-rotor Chinooks and V-22 Ospreys. Dan Catchpole: 425-339-3454; dcatchpole@heraldnet.com; Twitter: @dcatchpole.   Most Read Aerospace blog Boeing layoff tally reaches 245, more expected EVERETT — The Boeing Co. laid off 245 workers this month, according… Mar 24th, 2017 by Dan Catchpole ‘Zero evidence’ of crime in Ben Keita’s death LAKE STEVENS — After weeks of renewed investigation, there is “zero evidence”… Mar 25th, 2017 by Rikki King Detectives seek witnesses to vehicular assault in Marysville MARYSVILLE — Detectives are seeking help from people who might have witnessed… Mar 25th, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins The Pursuit NW is now home to more than 200 congregants SNOHOMISH — Five potted plants on a table helped Pastor Russell Johnson… Mar 25th, 2017 by Noah Haglund DNR considering land swap at Indian Ridge LAKE STEVENS — The state Department of Natural Resource has scheduled an… Mar 25th, 2017 by Herald Staff © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC iD Notifications BBC navigation News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Menu Search Search the BBC Search the BBC BBC News News navigation Sections Find local news Home UK World Business selected Politics Tech Science Health Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability Business selected Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Business Business Can long-haul air travel also be low cost? By Chris Johnston Business reporter, BBC News 26 March 2017 From the section Business Share Share this with These are external links and will open in a new window Email Share this with Email Facebook Share this with Facebook Messenger Share this with Messenger Messenger Share this with Messenger Twitter Share this with Twitter Pinterest Share this with Pinterest WhatsApp Share this with WhatsApp LinkedIn Share this with LinkedIn Copy this link http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-39366831 Read more about sharing. These are external links and will open in a new window Close share panel Image copyright IAG Budget airlines have transformed air travel over the past two decades, making a flight almost as cheap as a coach journey for hundreds of millions of travellers. But can the same ever be true for longer journeys as well? Our love affair with budget airlines continues unabated. Ryanair, the Irish carrier that passengers have long loved to hate, last year overtook Lufthansa to become Europe's biggest airline by passenger numbers. Norwegian carried about a quarter of Ryanair's 117 million passengers in the same period. But unlike its competitors, the Oslo-based airline has found considerable success by flying across the Atlantic from cities including London and Paris for the past four years - and appears to have the likes of IAG worried. The decision by IAG, which owns British Airways, Iberia and Aer Lingus, to launch a low-cost long-haul airline is regarded as a direct response to the threat posed by Norwegian. A "reactionary tit-for-tat move" is how one analyst describes the move. The Barcelona-based carrier will initially offer flights to four destinations including Los Angeles and Buenos Aires at "even more affordable" prices from June. IAG says it sold 52,000 tickets in the 24 hours after Level's website went live last week. Image copyright Pixabay Image caption The presidential palace, the Casa Rosada, in Buenos Aires - one of the destinations Level will fly to The arrival of budget operators on long-haul routes is good news for consumers as they are proving "very stiff competition for traditional airlines", says a spokesperson for Abta. But the travel agents' body points out that passengers may be less willing to put up with a cramped cabin for flights that take many hours - as well as paying extra for food and checked baggage. All airlines must impose air passenger duty of £75 each way, which Abta says is one reason the arrival of Level will not trigger a price war. In addition, it will start with just two planes, but as Gerald Khoo, an airlines analyst at Liberum, notes: "Two aircraft will not be the sum total of IAG's ambitions." 'Asleep at the wheel' Level plans to add more routes with more planes from summer 2018 and is "talking to other potential European airports where Level may operate". Khoo expects the UK to be on its wish list, with Manchester a possible first port of call. The advantage of using a new brand such as Level not only allows IAG to keep costs as low as possible, but also means a break with the past. Khoo argues that BA passengers have certain expectations of what the service levels should be, which may no longer be realistic. Norwegian does not suffer from the same problem and seems to be exceeding expectations given its customer satisfaction ratings, he adds. But another analyst who covers IAG says the company "may have left its run too late - it's been asleep at the wheel for too long". Image copyright Steve Bates Image caption Norwegian calls the Boeing 787 Dreamliner a "gamechanger" Norwegian started offering the UK's first low-cost long-haul flights to the US from Gatwick in July 2014 and has become the third biggest airline at the Sussex airport. It now flies to seven US destinations from Gatwick, with twice-daily departures to New York and a daily flight to Los Angeles. Stuart Buss, a spokesperson for Norwegian, says it had long wanted to fly across the Atlantic but could not make the numbers add up until the arrival of Boeing's 787 Dreamliner in late 2011. The plane is largely made of composite materials, making it far lighter and thus much more fuel efficient. Norwegian was one of the first to order the plane and among the first airlines to start flying it. The company has 13 Dreamliners in service, with another 30 on order. "It's been the backbone of our long-haul growth," Buss says. The airline will also start flying from Barcelona to the US in June, around the same time that it begins services from Edinburgh, Belfast, Cork, Shannon and Dublin using Boeing single-aisle 737 aircraft. This year Norwegian starts taking delivery of the 737 Max, the latest version of the plane. Buss says its improved fuel efficiency will make it "another gamechanger". The airline has 100 of the planes on order, underlining the scale of its ambition. Seasonal swings While putting bums on seats to the US in the summer months at prices as low as £135 each way should not be too difficult, Norwegian may find it more challenging to fill planes from regional cities in the autumn or winter, says one airlines analyst. And despite Michael O'Leary's oft-repeated claims, the analyst doubts Ryanair will ever launch trans-Atlantic services. "It's just not economic - Ryanair could fly from Shannon to Boston now using 737-800 planes, but they can only do one return journey a day, compared with four or five turns on European routes." Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Michael O'Leary has suggested Ryanair could offer flights to the US That obstacle does not appear to be deterring other airlines from echoing IAG's plans. Lufthansa's budget offshoot, Eurowings, flies to countries such as Cuba and Thailand from Germany. Meanwhile, Air France will start long-haul services on its Boost subsidiary next year with the aim of "opening new routes, re-opening routes closed due to their lack of profitability and maintaining routes under threat". Next year BA plans to squeeze another 36 economy seats into its Boeing 777 planes that fly from Gatwick to holiday destinations in Florida and the Caribbean, bringing the total to 252. It has also started to charge for food on short-haul flights, further blurring the lines between traditional and budget airlines. When it comes to flying, it seems we very much get what we pay for. Related Topics IAG Share this story About sharing Email Facebook Messenger Messenger Twitter Pinterest WhatsApp LinkedIn More on this story BA owner IAG launches new long-haul airline Level 17 March 2017 Top Stories WhatsApp can't be terrorists' 'hiding place' Messaging apps which are encrypted must be accessible to those fighting terror, the home secretary says. 26 March 2017 Drone video shows Merseyside blast zone 26 March 2017 Many injured in US nightclub shooting 26 March 2017 Features Yemen conflict: How my country has changed Your pictures: My Garden Video A night at the Pink Floyd opera The UK 'backward on maternity pay' say mums Video Bedtime nightmare: Will clock change ruin kids' sleep? The place where children have unlucky names The girl who was 'stolen' by a soldier Guyana's transgender activists fight archaic law Video 'I've been brought back from the dead' News navigation Business Sections Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Home UK UK Home England N. Ireland Scotland Alba Wales Cymru World World Home Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East US & Canada Business selected Business Home Your Money Market Data Markets Companies Economy Politics Politics Home Parliaments Brexit NI Election 2017 Tech Science Health Education Education Home School Report Global Education Entertainment & Arts Video & Audio Magazine In Pictures Also in the News Special Reports Explainers The Reporters Have Your Say Disability BBC News Services On your mobile On your connected tv Get news alerts Contact BBC News Explore the BBC News News Sport Weather Shop Earth Travel Capital iPlayer Culture Autos Future TV Radio CBBC CBeebies Food iWonder Bitesize Travel Music Earth Arts Make It Digital Taster Nature Local Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Advertise with us Ad choices Copyright © 2017 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper World Spacewalking astronauts prep station for new parking spot The Associated Press | Saturday, March 25, 2017, 11:51 a.m. AFP/Getty Images This framegrab taken from NASA TV shows ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet working outside the International Space Station on March 24, 2017. Pesquet and NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough are working separately for most of the six-and-a-half hour spacewalk as they prepare to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft and do some minor space station repairs and maintenance. / AFP PHOTO / NASA TV / Jose ROMERO / RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE - MANDATORY CREDIT 'AFP PHOTO / NASA TV' - NO MARKETING NO ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS - DISTRIBUTED AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS JOSE ROMERO/AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images This framegrab taken from NASA TV shows ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet working outside the International Space Station on March 24, 2017. Pesquet and NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough are working separately for most of the six-and-a-half hour spacewalk as they prepare to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft and do some minor space station repairs and maintenance. / AFP PHOTO / NASA TV / Jose ROMERO / RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE - MANDATORY CREDIT 'AFP PHOTO / NASA TV' - NO MARKETING NO ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS - DISTRIBUTED AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS JOSE ROMERO/AFP/Getty Images AFP/Getty Images This framegrab taken from NASA TV shows NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough working outside the International Space Station on March 24, 2017. Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet are working separately for most of the six-and-a-half hour spacewalk as they prepare to install new docking ports for the next generation of commercial spacecraft and do some minor space station repairs and maintenance. / AFP PHOTO / NASA TV / Jose ROMERO / RESTRICTED TO EDITORIAL USE - MANDATORY CREDIT 'AFP PHOTO / NASA TV' - NO MARKETING NO ADVERTISING CAMPAIGNS - DISTRIBUTED AS A SERVICE TO CLIENTS JOSE ROMERO/AFP/Getty Images Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Updated 23 hours ago CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday's spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. A new docking device will fly up late this year or early next. NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. “Nicely done, Shane,” Mission Control radioed. On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to provide better clearance for the future ships. Then on Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, French astronaut Thomas Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. “No leaks. No flakes whatsoever,” he reported. During their 6 ½-hour excursion, the spacewalkers also replaced a pair of Japanese cameras, greased latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm and even tackled some extra work. Their crewmates welcomed them back inside, wearing special black glasses and face masks, after Kimbrough reported there was a yellow chalk-like substance on one of his gloves. As an added precaution, both of his gloves were bagged before they came off. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready at Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. “It will be exciting to see a new way to bring crew members into orbit,” NASA astronaut Robert Behnken said from Mission Control. He is among four astronauts training for the Dragon and Starliner test flights. --- Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission-pages/station/main/index.html More World Possible tornado kills 3 in Alabama as storms cross South Scores arrested in nationwide 'Fight for $15' protest Terrorism suspected in car-and-knife attack at Ohio State American students lag East Asia peers in math, science Police: Fiat scion arrested in New York TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Fiery Kuhl ready to become mainstay in Pirates rotation As Pennsylvania's recycling mandate nears expiration, state eyes overhaul New Pitt athletic director Lyke ready to lead with passion, integrity Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Health care town hall, Robot surgery and flag etiquette (March 13-19) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Sunday, March 26, 2017  |  Jumada Al Thani 27, 1438 Uae Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Courts Education Environment Government Heroes Health Heritage National Day Science Genes in Space Technology Tourism Louvre Abu Dhabi Transport More parking made available at the International Space Station March 25, 2017 Updated: March 25, 2017 10:06 PM Topics: Space CAPE CANAVERAL // Spacewalking astronauts prepared the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The complex, 250 miles above the Earth, has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday’s spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. A new docking device will be flown up later this year or early in 2018. Nasa astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the cable and pulled, and off it came. "Nicely done, Shane," mission control said over the radio. On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston, Texas, will move the old port to provide better clearance for new ships. On Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. Until the new crew capsules are ready, US astronauts will keep taking Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, French astronaut Thomas Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and Nasa wanted to pinpoint the location. "No leaks. No flakes whatsoever," he said. During their six-hour excursion, the spacewalkers also replaced a pair of Japanese cameras, greased latching mechanisms on the end of the robot arm and tackled extra work. Their crewmates welcomed them back inside, wearing special black glasses and face masks, after Kimbrough reported there was a yellow chalk-like substance on one of his gloves. As an added precaution, both of his gloves were bagged before they came off. Nasa wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station’s commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It is unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready at Cape Canaveral, Florida. Nasa has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle programme in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. "It will be exciting to see a new way to bring crew members into orbit," Nasa astronaut Robert Behnken said from mission control. He is one of four astronauts training for the Dragon and Starliner test flights. * Associated Press Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Science More parking made available at the International Space Station MOST VIEWED Uae | All Woman arrested in Sharjah for performing cosmetic surgery without a licence Emirati family ‘destroyed’ by London hammer attack speak out UAE weather: Cold temperatures here to stay Flight delays in Dubai as severe weather continues to pour down on UAE Emirati twins, teen killed in Sharjah car accident UAE ban on dog breeds has owners confused over amnesty period, implementation Hail pelts down on Dubai airport - video Cleaner jailed for murdering boss’ niece, Dubai court rules Heavy rain continues to fall on UAE - in pictures Unstable weather in UAE causes flooding, flight changes More Most Viewed ‘We want to be No 1’: Sheikh Mohammed vows to make Dubai World Cup world’s most valuable race once more Woman arrested in Sharjah for performing cosmetic surgery without a licence Emirati family ‘destroyed’ by London hammer attack speak out UAE weather: Cold temperatures here to stay Iran responds to US Hormuz Strait ‘harassment’ claims Flight delays in Dubai as severe weather continues to pour down on UAE Dubai World Cup 2017 – as it happened Awareness will stop fake goods trade Dubai World Cup results: Arrogate beats Gun Runner and Neolithic to win biggest race of the night ‘The best since Secretariat’: Arrogate inspires awe with dominant Dubai World Cup win More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Reckless driving in UAE causing ‘unprecedented’ number of brain injuries, doctors say New Dubai Ambulance vehicles can reach speeds of 300kph UAE Portrait of a Nation: The conservationist who found her calling in the wild Dubai Ruler welcomes new grandson FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT Emirati family ‘destroyed’ by London hammer attack speak out Investcorp chairman urges GCC states to push ahead with economic reforms Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Just In 1hr Indian racially abused, assaulted in Australia 2hrs Adityanath credits PM Modi, Amit Shah for UP victory 2hrs ‘Maximum human trafficking cases in WB followed by Rajasthan’ 2hrs Adityanath asks BJP functionaries to shun contracts 2hrs Rajiv Gandhi only good human being in Nehru-Gandhi family: Swamy 3hrs Uttarakhand govt reunites over 200 missing people with families 3hrs Egyptian court jails 56 over migrant boat shipwreck 4hrs 2 Hizbul militants killed while trying to ambush police party in J&K 4hrs Jindal keen to snap up troubled steel cos for expansion 4hrs In tit-for-tat, Iran imposes curbs on 15 U.S. firms 5hrs Kandi road project: Uttarakhand to ensure safety of Corbett park wildlife 5hrs ESI mobile clinics launched in India for the first time: Dattatreya 5hrs Kerala Transport Minister resigns 5hrs HAL finalises major plan to speed up aircraft production 6hrs Mamata condemns terror attack in Bangladesh Home News National International States Cities Opinion Cartoon Columns Editorial Interview Lead Readers' Editor Comment Open Page Letters Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget Stock Quotes Sport Cricket Football Hockey Tennis Athletics Motorsport Races Other Sports Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Sci-Tech Science Technology Health Agriculture Environment Gadgets Internet thREAD We back indigenisation, but Tejas didn’t fit the bill: Navy chief Share On JUST IN 1hr Indian racially abused, assaulted in Australia 2hrs Adityanath credits PM Modi, Amit Shah for UP victory 2hrs ‘Maximum human trafficking cases in WB followed by Rajasthan’ 2hrs Adityanath asks BJP functionaries to shun contracts 2hrs Rajiv Gandhi only good human being in Nehru-Gandhi family: Swamy 3hrs Uttarakhand govt reunites over 200 missing people with families 3hrs Egyptian court jails 56 over migrant boat shipwreck 4hrs 2 Hizbul militants killed while trying to ambush police party in J&K 4hrs Jindal keen to snap up troubled steel cos for expansion 4hrs In tit-for-tat, Iran imposes curbs on 15 U.S. firms 5hrs Kandi road project: Uttarakhand to ensure safety of Corbett park wildlife 5hrs ESI mobile clinics launched in India for the first time: Dattatreya 5hrs Kerala Transport Minister resigns 5hrs HAL finalises major plan to speed up aircraft production 6hrs Mamata condemns terror attack in Bangladesh CLOSE News National International States Cities Hate crimes against Indians News National National We back indigenisation, but Tejas didn’t fit the bill: Navy chief S. Anandan March 25, 2017 22:11 IST Updated: March 25, 2017 23:42 IST Share Article PRINT A A A S. Anandan March 25, 2017 22:11 IST Updated: March 25, 2017 23:42 IST more-in Naval chief outlines his vision for the force based on timelines for projects and induction of personnel, especially women The Chief of the Naval Staff, Admiral Sunil Lanba, in a wide-ranging interview with The Hindu, clarifies that the Navy has only taken a purely technical decision in turning down the naval version of the light combat aircraft developed by the DRDO despite its strong commitment to indigenisation. He highlights the need to step up training facilities to meet personnel shortage and the Navy’s strong ‘Act East’ focus. In an interview with The Hindu in 2009, then Navy Chief Admiral Sureesh Mehta spoke about the all-round transformation that the Navy was undergoing in terms of capability, capacity, communication, domain awareness, strategy and training of personnel. The Navy was working to a perspective plan. Has it covered some ground in the bid to be a blue water force? From 2009 till now, much water has flowed under the bridge. As far as communication goes, the naval satellite is up and running which now gives us a very large footprint across our areas of interest right up to the Western Pacific and parts of the Mediterranean and has led to net-centric operations. Procurement and induction of assets have gone as per the Long Term Integrated Perspective Plan (LTIPP), though there have been delays. We have added huge capabilities in the form of commissioning of new frigates and destroyers. With the Project15A (Kolkata-class destroyers), we have inducted new long-range SAMs (surface-to-air missiles) with MF-STAR (Multifunctional Surveillance Threat Alert Radar) which has brought in a huge capability by way of transparency of air domain and picture. The induction of the Boeing P8-I maritime patrol aircraft has been a force multiplier with the first lot of eight Boeings operational. We’ve signed the contract for the follow-up order for four more. With these eight aircraft, we have total transparency in the Indian Ocean Region (IOR) and the northern part of it. The nuclear submarine Chakra, which was leased, has been operational with us since 2012. Meanwhile, old platforms have been de-inducted. The MiG 29K and the aircraft carrier Vikramaditya have been commissioned and integrated. So I would say we are a truly blue water force. We have come a long way in coastal security as well with the induction of fast interceptor crafts and ISVs (Immediate Support Vessels). The Sagar Prahari Bal (SPB) has been set up. Along with the Coastal Guard, the radar chain and the IMAC (Information Management and Analysis Centre) have been operationalised. There’s transparency in maritime domain awareness in the coastal security zone. We are better-integrated with multiple agencies involved in coastal security and the coastal States. Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) have been set up. But we still have to travel some distance for a perfect system of coastal security in place. All along, the Navy had placed thrust on indigenisation of assets, but is now facing flak for turning down the home-grown fighter LCA Navy which is being read as a retreat from its commitment to indigenisation. We are the pioneers of indigenisation, which we started back in the 1960s and have worked shoulder to shoulder with the DRDO, whose naval labs also have naval personnel. As for the LCA (Light Combat Aircraft Tejas) programme, the Navy was the first service to support ADA (the Aeronautical Development Agency) in its development and the Air Force came on board at a later date. What the Navy wants is a deck-based fighter, but the LCA Navy Mk 1 doesn’t meet that requirement. Its power-to-weight ratio, the thrust the engine generates [are insufficient] and it’s underpowered for the airframe. Unfortunately, even the Mk2 variant doesn’t qualify. That’s why we took this case up to the Defence Ministry. But let me be clear on this. We continue to support the ADA and the DRDO in the development of an indigenous deck-based fighter. A good 25% of the financial support for the project comes from the Navy. As and when ADA produces a fighter that can operate from the deck of an aircraft carrier, we will be more than willing to acquire it and fly it. The LCA Navy was supposed to be flying off from [the aircraft carrier] Vikramaditya. The second carrier Vikrant should be sailing in 2019. So we want a deck-based fighter today. The timelines that ADA promised to generate one was over a decade back. We are looking at a period of at least a decade for ADA to produce a deck-based fighter. In the meantime, the Ministry has allowed us to go ahead and look for a fighter that meets our requirements following which we issued an RFI. Timelines have slipped for the under-construction maiden indigenous carrier Vikrant as well thanks to delay in delivery of aviation equipment from Russia. Also, what’s the latest on the third carrier? There’ve been some delays in the delivery of equipment for the aviation complex from Russia. We’ve been working in close coordination with the Cochin Shipyard [which is building the carrier] and the Russians to compress the timelines of delivery of those equipment so that the programme continues on schedule. We are hopeful that Vikrant will start going to trials in 2019. As for the IAC-II [second indigenous aircraft carrier], we are taking up the case with the ministry for which we will get an approval sooner than later. We are looking at a CATOBAR aircraft carrier above 65,000 tonnes and with EMALS and an advanced air strip. But delays have thrown off-track several projects like the LPDs, Project 75I and acquisition of MRH, to name a few. The LPDs (Landing Platform Docks) will be constructed within the country. There are two private shipyards in the fray along with their foreign partners and we are hopeful of signing the contract [for LPD construction] with one of them by the end of the year. The P 75I for construction of conventional submarines is part of the strategic partnership model and the ministry, along with the Service headquarters, has been working on the formulation which will be approved soon. We had a 13-year submarine building programme to build 24 submarines which got delayed by more than a decade. But Project 75 Scorpene is now coming on and we are inducting the first, Kalvari, by June-July. The second submarine has been launched and is on trials. Hopefully, we will commission all six of them with an interval of nine months between each. In fact, the Navy was keen to delink the P 75I from the strategic partnership model, but the ministry has taken a call that it will be part of it. In the meantime, to maintain force-levels, we decided to give life-extension refits to the Kilo-class [Sindhughosh-class] and the SSKs [Shishumar-class]. A total of six submarines are going to be given life extension. The first two of the Kilo class are going to Russia for mid-life refit while two will be done at Indian yards. Life extension of two SSKs will be done by Mazagon Dock with their German partners. Absence of a multi-role helicopter (MRH) has created a critical capability gap. The induction has been going on for the past eight years. We had identified a company, Sirkosky, but the project got held up following the blacklisting of another company that supplied the VVIP helicopter. It’s a work in progress and we are pushing for the induction at the earliest. The medium range maritime reconnaissance (MRMR) aircraft acquisition got stalled with a single vendor situation following which it’s been clubbed with the Air Force’s multi-role transport aircraft programme of developing the aircraft in India under a strategic partnership. We will buy the aircraft and fit it with reconnaissance equipment. What’ll be the fate of the decommissioned carrier INS Viraat? The Navy would like Viraat to be converted into a museum, but it is not the Navy’s job to do that. We made an offer through the ministry to all the coastal States, but only Andhra Pradesh responded. The offer was that we will give the ship to you and you will convert it into a maritime museum at your cost, without any funding from the Defence Ministry. The proposal that we got from Andhra Pradesh was for a 50-50 partnership. The ministry is very clear that they are not going to do that. So, at the moment we have no proposal to convert her into a museum. If we don’t have a concrete proposal, we propose that the ship be scrapped. Off the cuff, what I thought was we could take her out to sea and make her a maritime museum by sinking her in 30-40 metres of water not far from the coast, thereby turning her into a diving site. Interested people will dive to have a sight of the ship. We don’t want to go through the Vikrant experience in which we gifted the ship to the State of Maharashtra for one rupee and got stuck with her for 17 years, occupying valuable berthing space. And, then there was this hullabaloo when she was to be scrapped. It’s a costly affair to convert a carrier into a floating maritime museum and given the cost of construction of a jetty, it costs you roughly about Rs 1,000 crore. How do you plan to address shortage of personnel and also attain gender parity by inducting women officers in combat roles? There’s a steady growth in the number of sailors and officers being integrated and overall shortages as per percentage have come down, but we are constrained by our capacity to train. We have to get the right kind of people and have to compete with other avenues that are open to youngsters to get the kind of people we need. The shortages are gradually being bridged, with the Indian Naval Academy working in full capacity at 1,300 cadets. We induct about 800 officers each year, but 500 retire annually. So the net gain is 300. With increase in training capacity and the government sanctioning more numbers, we will be able to liquidate the shortage in five to six years. The other issue is of inducting women to serve on board ships. We have about 570 women officers in branches such as education, logistics, ATC, as observers on maritime reconnaissance aircraft and the law, and not counting the doctors. We have identified ships on which [billeting] facilities are available for women officers and are working on the modalities of their induction on board ships. We need some minimum numbers [of women] on each ship. We are also going to do a survey and ask them if they want to serve on board ships. And then we will take a call and take this proposal forward. A string of accidents had dented the image of the Navy a couple of years ago. It seemed to be a thing of the past when frigate INS Betwa collapsed on its side in the drydock late last year… The marine environment is a difficult environment to operate in and riddled with dangers. Our safety record is as good as or better than majority of the large navies in the world. To be honest, I cannot give an assurance that there will be zero accidents. But SOPs have been put in place and a culture of safety is being enforced. The number of accidents has come down drastically lately. Some of those past incidents have been blown out of proportion by the media. INS Betwa’s was an accident that shouldn’t have happened. A board of inquiry is looking into it. Basically, there was a mistake in calculating the stability [on the blocks]. We have set the ship upright and it is afloat now. She was in a scheduled refit and we are hopeful of seeing her back in service by April, 2018. In the meantime, we are enforcing a safety culture and if there’s any negligence, due punishment is given. The Navy has been of late focusing heavily on the eastern side, strengthening the security apparatus along the island chains… In Andaman and Nicobar, newer and more capable assets are in place in the form of Kora-class ships [corvettes] and there’s a long term infrastructure plan where airfields in the northern group of islands are being strengthened and lengthened for heavier aircraft to operate. Similar project is taking place in the south. Infrastructure plans of making OTR (operational turn around) facilities in the southern group of islands have started to move. The Boeing P8I [long range maritime recce aircraft] is being deployed from Port Blair. At the same time, our cooperation with our neighbours in the east has grown. We have resolved our maritime boundary issues with Bangladesh and there’s much greater interaction with Myanmar, Indonesia, Thailand, Vietnam, Malaysia and Singapore. It’s no just ‘look east’, we are also ‘acting east’ in accordance with the government’s policy. We are assisting island nations in the IOR and neighbours in the East in capability enhancement and are doing coordinated patrols with Myanmar, Thailand and Indonesia. We are also training a large number of their officers with us. What role have forums initiated by the Indian Navy, IONS (Indian Ocean Naval Symposium) and Milan, played in influencing the geostrategic contours of the region? The IONS was a naval initiative set up with the government’s support in 2008. We have 23 members and nine observers, including China and the charter of business has been signed by all 23 members. Its chairmanship started with India, being the founding member, and it’s gone through the region – to the UAE, South Africa, Australia and Bangladesh is the present chairman. It will go to Iran next. Three sub groups have been formed for humanitarian assistance and disaster relief (HADR), information sharing and maritime security. So IONS has made good progress. Milan is an interaction at the level of the commanding officers and delegations. That’s also grown. It’s been a win-win situation in both IONS and Milan. Post a Comment More In News Newsletter National defence Related Articles << Previous Story All you need to know about the Mental Healthcare Bill Next Story >> Doval’s U.S. visit reinforces counter-terrorism cooperation Please Wait while comments are loading... Comments will be moderated by The Hindu editorial team. Comments that are abusive, personal, incendiary or irrelevant cannot be published. Please write complete sentences. Do not type comments in all capital letters, or in all lower case letters, or using abbreviated text. (example: u cannot substitute for you, d is not 'the', n is not 'and'). We may remove hyperlinks within comments. Please use a genuine email ID and provide your name, to avoid rejection. Printable version | Mar 26, 2017 9:18:06 PM | http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/we-will-be-able-to-liquidate-the-shortage-of-women-officers-in-five-to-six-years-navy-chief/article17664481.ece © The Hindu The long list of Aadhaar linked schemes The UID number, popularly known as Aadhaar, was envisaged as an end to fake or multiple identities K Deepalakshmi A simple bicycle and the complex practice of democracy If we don’t have a stake in democracy, don’t see it as belonging to us, it might even be hijacked from right under our nose Rajeev Bhargava Top Picks in The Hindu today Cummins v Rahul, and DRS brain-fades Miles to go in the fight against tuberculosis Justice League trailer: heavy metal stuff Snapchat most searched app on App Store Manual scavenging: An indelible blot on urban life After a year in the wild, reality show contestants learn their show was cancelled Jury saw me as a wealthy, successful immigrant: Gupta Egyptian vultures find their nest back in Delhi Earth Hour turns 10 No winners in this battle Close X Next Story >> Doval’s U.S. visit reinforces counter-terrorism cooperation CLOSE THIS MENU TRENDING TODAY Chennai Hyderabad Bengaluru Videos Entertainment Today's Paper ePaper News National International Elections Goa 2017 Uttar Pradesh 2017 Uttarakhand 2017 Punjab 2017 Manipur 2017 Business Agri-Business Industry Economy Markets Budget States Andhra Pradesh Karnataka Kerala Tamil Nadu Telangana Other States Cities Bengaluru Chennai Coimbatore Delhi Hyderabad Kochi Kolkata Mumbai Kozhikode Madurai Mangaluru Puducherry Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirapalli Vijayawada Visakhapatnam Opinion Editorial Lead Comment Columns Interview Cartoon Open Page Readers' Editor Letters Sport Athletics Cricket Football Hockey Motorsport Other Sports Races Tennis Entertainment Art Dance Movies Music Reviews Theatre Society Faith History & Culture Books Reviews Authors Children Life & Style Fashion Fitness Food Motoring Travel Homes and gardens Technology Gadgets Internet Sci-Tech Agriculture Environment Health Education Careers Colleges Schools Multimedia Photos Videos Podcast Data Specials Crossword Resources Tags thREAD Archive Classifieds eBooks Subscribe Social About Us CONNECT WITH US CLOSE THIS MENU Home News Opinion Business Sport Entertainment Life & Style Society Books Sci-Tech thREAD THE SITE About Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contacts Archive Subscribe GROUP SITES The Hindu தி இந்து Business Line BL on Campus Sportstarlive Frontline The Hindu Centre RoofandFloor STEP Publications eBooks Images Classifieds Send your feedback to: web.thehindu@thehindu.co.inCopyright© 2016, The Hindu
Finance BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 A battleground stock for Wall Street's short sellers is getting hammered Linette Lopez Mar. 21, 2017, 8:56 PM 5,000 facebook linkedin twitter email print AP Representative Ro Khanna (D-CA) wrote a letter to the inspector general of the Department of Defense, requesting that he look into TransDigm Group, a controversial airplane-part manufacturer and supplier of companies like Boeing. The stock is down over 6% on the news. Khanna's letter accuses the company of "waste, fraud and abuse in the defense and industrial base." He called the company a "hidden monopolist" that engages in "unreasonable" pricing increases. On Wall Street, short sellers have been circling TransDigm for months alleging the same thing. Then in January, Citron Research accused the company of growing through debt-fueled acquisitions and eye-popping price increases, which it passes along to the government.  "TransDigm's business model is to aerospace as Valeant was to the pharmaceutical industry," Left wrote. "TransDigm acquires airplane parts companies (over 50 in total), fires employees, and egregiously raises prices. This business model has made them a dominant supplier of airplane parts to the aerospace industry while burdening its balance sheet with sky-high debt load: in fact, 6.5x EBITDA leverage." Markets Insider   SEE ALSO: Wall Street has found a company that Donald Trump would love to beat up on NOW WATCH: A $2.5 trillion asset manager just put a statue of a defiant girl in front of the Wall Street bull Loading video... More: Andrew Left Short Sellers facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru A battleground stock for Wall Street's short sellers is getting hammered A battleground stock for Wall Street's short sellers is getting hammered Representative Ro Khanna (D-CA) wrote a... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured Craiglist's founder Craig Newmark on overcoming 'my suckage as a manager' More "Idea Factory" » Michael Lewis on how to deal with bosses and control your own career More "Idea Factory" » Finance Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Sunday March 26 2017 2:54 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Stocks mixed as GOP pulls plug on health bill March 25, 2017, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated NEW YORK — U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Hospital stocks soared in response, while companies that stand to benefit from other Trump proposals faltered. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill’s impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the worst week for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. “You’re going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform,” he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively light as investors waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump’s business-friendly agenda. That may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when the bill was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. Insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump’s proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 percent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 percent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 percent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. “Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things,” he said, because “the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment.” Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 percent from 2.42 percent. U.S. crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $3.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar inched down to 110.80 yen from 111.07 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0808 from $1.0786. Gold rose $1.30 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver jumped 16 cents to $17.75 an ounce. Copper lost 1 cent to $2.63 a pound. In Germany, the DAX added 0.2 percent and the French CAC 40 dropped 0.2 percent and Britain’s FTSE 100 index dipped 0.1 percent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent following recent losses. The Kospi of South Korea shed 0.2 percent while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng reversed earlier losses to finish 0.1 percent higher. ——— AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay     Tags: percent, health, stocks, companies, cents, trump, Other stories from today: Apple: Software flaws in latest WikiLeaks docs are all fixed More big brands pull ads from YouTube in widening boycott Stocks mixed as GOP pulls plug on health bill     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   Do you think San Mateo County cities should do more to ensure there are sufficient and affordable child care spaces? Yes, there are not enough affordable spaces Encouraging more spaces would bring cost down There should be subsidies for those making lower incomes No, let the market dictate the available spaces Employers should do more to provide child care spaces Don't know                         Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2017 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County garage sales  
Advertisements Edition: International | About Us Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Use News Release Article Submission Sunday 26 March, 2017 Breaking News > Latest Stories, World After health care bill’s withdrawal, elatio... Trending Topics: UP ELECTION - Donald Trump - India v/s Bangladesh Cricket - South Asia - Elections After health care bill's withdrawal, elation and anger Double-amputee Marine vet joins New York police department Harrison Ford says he was distracted when he flew over plane Man sentenced in death of pregnant ex-girlfriend in Hawaii Report examines grim Bangladesh leather trade, links to West Business World INDIA Delhi/NCR Sports Football Hockey Cricket Politics Entertainment Environment Technology space Health Op – eds Home Latest Stories Art & Lifestyle Food & Drinks Spirituality Travel Videos Press Release E- PAPER Published On: Sat, Mar 25th, 2017 Business News / Latest Stories / World | By New Delhi Times Bureau Stocks wobble, finish mixed as GOP pulls plug on health bill Share This Tags Stocks wobble U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Hospital stocks soared in response, while companies that stand to benefit from other Trump proposals faltered. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill’s impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the worst week for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. “You’re going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform,” he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively light as investors waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump’s business-friendly agenda. That may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when the bill was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. Insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump’s proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 percent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 percent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 percent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. “Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things,” he said, because “the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment.” Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 percent from 2.42 percent. U.S. crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $3.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar inched down to 110.80 yen from 111.07 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0808 from $1.0786. Gold rose $1.30 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver jumped 16 cents to $17.75 an ounce. Copper lost 1 cent to $2.63 a pound. In Germany, the DAX added 0.2 percent and the French CAC 40 dropped 0.2 percent and Britain’s FTSE 100 index dipped 0.1 percent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent following recent losses. The Kospi of South Korea shed 0.2 percent while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng reversed earlier losses to finish 0.1 percent higher. Credit : Associated Press (AP) | Photo Credit : (AP) Advertisements Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Skype (Opens in new window) Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... About the Author New Delhi Times Bureau - Related News After health care bill’s withdrawal, elation and anger Double-amputee Marine vet joins New York police department Harrison Ford says he was distracted when he flew over plane Man sentenced in death of pregnant ex-girlfriend in Hawaii Tweet Pin It New Delhi Times A-2/59 Safdarjung Enclave New Delhi 110029, INDIA +91 11 26102520 info@newdelhitimes.com Top Posts & Pages The Ram Mandir and Islamism Biggest International Yoga meet held at Siri Fort Auditorium, Delhi Woman hangs herself to death at Kashmere Gate Metro Subscribe Enter your email address Email Address Copyright © New Delhi Times , All Rights Reserved 2017, info@newdelhitimes.com Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Mar 26, 2017-Sunday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india elections 2017 world cities opinion cricket sports entertainment lifestyle tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station: See video tech Updated: Mar 25, 2017 13:08 IST Reuters, Cape Canaveral French astronaut Thomas Pesquet is seen in the International Space Station ’s Cupola observatory. He, along with U.S. station commander Shane Kimbrough, completed a six and a half hour spacewalk outside the International Space Station (ISS) on Friday. (AFP File Photo) Two spacewalking astronauts ventured outside the International Space Station on Friday for a 6-1/2-hour spacewalk, the first of three to prepare the orbiting laboratory for future commercial space taxis and to tackle maintenance chores, NASA TV showed. U.S. station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, and French flight engineer Thomas Pesquet, 39, floated outside the station’s airlock as the $100 billion complex soared 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. Kimbrough, making his fifth spacewalk, first upgraded a computer relay box on the station’s central beam, then worked on a docking system for new spaceships in development by Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX. The U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) is making the retrofits in the hope that private companies will begin flying astronauts to the station by the end of 2018. This would break Russia’s monopoly on crew transportation, a service that costs NASA more than $80 million per person. The first of the space taxis is scheduled for an unmanned debut test flight later this year. During Friday’s spacewalk, Kimbrough disconnected four cables on a docking tunnel to be used by the new commercial space taxis. On Sunday, ground control teams will use the station’s robot arm to move it onto a different module. The astronauts also lubricated part of the station’s robot arm, replaced cameras on Japan’s experiment platform and tackled other maintenance tasks before heading back inside the station. A second spacewalk by Pesquet and NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson is planned for Thursday to install new cables to the relocated docking tunnel. Read more NASA’s Juno Spacecraft Set for Fifth Jupiter Flyby SpaceX makes successful international space station delivery Once all the work is finished, the U.S. side of the station will have two docking ports for passenger spaceships and two for cargo ships. Russia, which jointly operates the station with NASA, has five docking ports. Also participating in the station programme with research modules and equipment are Europe, Japan and Canada. During Friday’s spacewalk, Pesquet inspected hoses, attachments and other components of the station’s ammonia cooling system. Flight controllers are looking for the source of a small leak in the system. Pesquet, making his second spacewalk, did not see any leaking ammonia but engineers will review his video for closer scrutiny, said NASA mission commentator Gary Jordan. NASA is expected to schedule a third spacewalk once its next cargo ship arrives at the station with more items to install. Engineers are troubleshooting a problem with the cargo ship’s launch vehicle. tags NASA Spacewalk International Space Station more from tech Apple didn’t violate Chinese phonemaker’s patent, rules Beijing court Mar 25, 2017 17:42 IST NASA’s Juno Spacecraft Set for Fifth Jupiter Flyby Mar 25, 2017 12:22 IST FD vs Stocks: Which One Should You Choose? Promotional Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Health & fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs Environmentalist seeks FIR for ‘attempt to murder’ Yamuna river, now a living entity Mar 26, 2017 09:17 IST Dalit teen gangraped by four men of her village in Bhiwani Mar 26, 2017 08:59 IST Poor technology, communication hamper chopper use in surgical strikes: Report Mar 26, 2017 07:44 IST Finding a new home: Tigers from highly-congested Corbett park to be relocated Mar 26, 2017 09:27 IST More single women coming forward to adopt children in India, shows data Mar 26, 2017 07:17 IST ‘We are here to stay’: Indian-Americans rally in US as hate crime incidents rise Mar 26, 2017 01:49 IST No agreement to carve out larger Nagaland, says government Mar 26, 2017 01:51 IST uttar pradesh punjab goa uttarakhand manipur know your candidates AAP seeks verification of EVM paper trail in Punjab: ‘Have clear, irrefutable evidence of manipulation’ Mar 25, 2017 20:52 IST 45% UP ministers face criminal charges, 80% crorepatis; Allahabad MLA richest Mar 23, 2017 15:58 IST After assembly election victories, how long can Hindutva hold the fort for BJP Mar 23, 2017 07:39 IST Congress motion on governor’s role in inviting BJP to form Goa govt ‘admitted’ in... Mar 22, 2017 14:22 IST In Rajya Sabha, Mayawati dares BJP to hold assembly elections using ballot pape... Mar 21, 2017 14:01 IST Iran denies ‘harassing’ US warships in Gulf, warns of armed clashes Mar 26, 2017 10:15 IST Donald Trump promises a ‘great’ health plan to replace Obamacare Mar 26, 2017 09:05 IST Hong Kong set to get new leader amid protests, accusations of China meddling Mar 26, 2017 09:00 IST UK parliament attacker Khalid Masood acted alone, says Scotland Yard Mar 26, 2017 08:36 IST Gunman surrenders after shooting dead one, injuring another on Las Vegas Strip Mar 26, 2017 08:02 IST Al Qaeda leader Qari Yasin killed in US air strike in Afghanistan, say officials Mar 26, 2017 10:18 IST ‘We are here to stay’: Indian-Americans rally in US as hate crime incidents rise Mar 26, 2017 01:49 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Citizen charter still a non-starter, Chandigarh MC cites shortage of staff Mar 26, 2017 10:40 IST Ex-Samajwadi Party minister hands over keys of ‘purified’ house to BJP minister Mar 26, 2017 10:00 IST Can’t be parasite on husband’s earnings: Court refuses to enhance maintenance Mar 26, 2017 10:19 IST Light showers expected in a few days, could bring Delhi a cooler start to April Mar 26, 2017 01:34 IST Modi-Uddhav meet likely; BJP, Shiv Sena reset relations? Mar 26, 2017 00:43 IST Money bill passed: Maharashtra employees to get March salaries on time Mar 26, 2017 00:26 IST Suspension of 19 Opposition MLAs in Maharashtra likely to be withdrawn on Wedne... Mar 26, 2017 00:23 IST Indu Mill land in Mumbai transferred to Maharashtra govt for Ambedkar memorial Mar 26, 2017 00:08 IST Tiger crushed to death by earthmover used by forest officials to trap it Mar 26, 2017 00:00 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Are Indians unhappy or just angry? Rising inequality corroding social cohesion in the nation Mar 26, 2017 07:13 IST Hard nationalism divides, rather than unites Mar 25, 2017 21:09 IST Adityanath must realise it makes economic sense to keep abattoirs open Mar 25, 2017 23:28 IST Water: The resource that will determine our future Mar 25, 2017 21:07 IST Yogi Adityanath’s rise a challenge for both BJP, Oppn: Barkha Dutt | Opinion Mar 25, 2017 13:36 IST IND 34/1, AUS 300: Live cricket score, India vs Australia, 4th Test, Day 2, Dharamsala Mar 26, 2017 10:46 IST IND 34/1 - India vs Australia, Live cricket score, 4th Test, Dharamsala, Day 2:... Mar 26, 2017 10:47 IST New Zealand vs South Africa, Live cricket score, 3rd Test, Hamilton, Day 2 live Mar 26, 2017 10:30 IST Tamim Iqbal hits ton as Bangladesh thrash Sri Lanka in first ODI Mar 25, 2017 23:35 IST Drop cheerleaders, play tunes in praise of Lord Rama in IPL: Digvijaya Singh Mar 25, 2017 23:22 IST football tennis other sports ht gifa Cristiano Ronaldo in 70-goal landmark, Netherlands suffer FIFA World Cup shock Mar 26, 2017 10:08 IST IND 34/1, AUS 300: Live cricket score, India vs Australia, 4th Test, Day 2, Dha... Mar 26, 2017 10:46 IST IND 34/1 - India vs Australia, Live cricket score, 4th Test, Dharamsala, Day 2:... Mar 26, 2017 10:47 IST New Zealand vs South Africa, Live cricket score, 3rd Test, Hamilton, Day 2 live Mar 26, 2017 10:30 IST Barcelona plan stadium, statue homage to Johan Cruyff Mar 25, 2017 23:34 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Shah Rukh Khan to host Superwoman Lilly Singh at his Mumbai house this April Mar 26, 2017 10:49 IST Begum Jaan: Asha Bhosle returns with soulful track in Vidya Balan’s film Mar 25, 2017 20:28 IST Sidharth Malhotra content with acting, no plans to produce films Mar 25, 2017 20:23 IST New terrifying poster of Ridley Scott’s Alien - Covenant hits Twitter Mar 25, 2017 20:00 IST After Life, Jake Gyllenhaal is ready to fight ISIS in The Anarchist vs ISIS Mar 25, 2017 20:00 IST sex & relationships health & fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Are you pregnant? 8 simple things you can do to have an intelligent baby Mar 26, 2017 09:55 IST Tried and Tasted: Why every meat lover needs to eat at this Khan Market restaur... Mar 26, 2017 09:53 IST How far would you go to get a dream job? These guys chose the wackiest ways to get... Mar 26, 2017 10:04 IST Listen to your chromosomes to fight ageing Mar 25, 2017 22:22 IST Poor, brilliant and ambitious – a medieval maverick Mar 25, 2017 22:04 IST Apple didn’t violate Chinese phonemaker’s patent, rules Beijing court Mar 25, 2017 17:42 IST Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station: See video Mar 25, 2017 13:08 IST NASA’s Juno Spacecraft Set for Fifth Jupiter Flyby Mar 25, 2017 12:22 IST Facebook to begin testing GIF button for comments Mar 25, 2017 11:53 IST Elon Musk says Tesla to start taking orders for solar roof tiles in April Mar 25, 2017 10:52 IST Facebook introduces reactions, @ mentions and a thumbs down emoji to Messenger Mar 25, 2017 07:38 IST Twitter explores subscription-based option for first time Mar 25, 2017 07:47 IST After poor LLM scores, Mumbai university to recheck 10% papers to see if assessment was flawed Mar 25, 2017 23:21 IST Punjab school board to upload e-versions of textbooks online Mar 26, 2017 00:37 IST Be prepared for challenges, failure: Uday Kotak has leadership lessons for IIM-Bangalore... Mar 25, 2017 18:02 IST GATE 2017 results to be declared on March 27 Mar 25, 2017 17:43 IST Tamil Nadu lab assistant exam results declared, check them here Mar 25, 2017 14:37 IST Bright and beautiful: Kashmir blooms with Almond blossom Mar 25, 2017 15:15 IST In pictures | First day of new Punjab assembly’s maiden... Mar 24, 2017 19:17 IST Delhi’s Regal Cinema to get a makeover Mar 24, 2017 10:30 IST Gulmarg’s silky slopes could be an international skiing... Mar 24, 2017 22:12 IST From garlands to paper miniatures: People pay tribute to the Martyrs Mar 23, 2017 17:59 IST 10-year-old progeric boy becomes director of child rights body Mar 25, 2017 16:53 IST MCD: Municipal corporation of Development, Department or Disaster? Mar 24, 2017 18:24 IST AI staff member thrashed by MP retells tale of humiliation Mar 24, 2017 17:20 IST Won’t apologise, not my mistake, says Shiv Sena MP, Ravindra Gaikwad Mar 24, 2017 15:54 IST Shiv Sena MP brazens it out after assaulting Air India employee Mar 24, 2017 13:20 IST business ht-indepth real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) - SA 314/10 (89.2) Live IND 248/6 (91) - AUS 300/10 (88.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home Sci/Tech Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station Shares28 Sat, 25 Mar 2017-12:58pm , Reuters Two spacewalking astronauts floated outside the station's airlock as the $100 billion complex soared 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. Two spacewalking astronauts ventured outside the International Space Station on Friday for a 6-1/2-hour spacewalk, the first of three to prepare the orbiting laboratory for future commercial space taxis and to tackle maintenance chores, NASA TV showed. U.S. station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, and French flight engineer Thomas Pesquet, 39, floated outside the station's airlock as the $100 billion complex soared 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. Kimbrough, making his fifth spacewalk, first upgraded a computer relay box on the station's central beam, then worked on a docking system for new spaceships in development by Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX. The U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration is making the retrofits in the hope that private companies will begin flying astronauts to the station by the end of 2018. This would break Russia's monopoly on crew transportation, a service that costs NASA more than $80 million per person. The first of the space taxis is scheduled for an unmanned debut test flight later this year. During Friday's spacewalk, Kimbrough disconnected four cables on a docking tunnel to be used by the new commercial space taxis. On Sunday, ground control teams will use the station's robot arm to move it onto a different module. The astronauts also lubricated part of the station's robot arm, replaced cameras on Japan's experiment platform and tackled other maintenance tasks before heading back inside the station. A second spacewalk by Pesquet and NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson is planned for Thursday to install new cables to the relocated docking tunnel. Once all the work is finished, the U.S. side of the station will have two docking ports for passenger spaceships and two for cargo ships. Russia, which jointly operates the station with NASA, has five docking ports. Also participating in the station program with research modules and equipment are Europe, Japan and Canada. During Friday's spacewalk, Pesquet inspected hoses, attachments and other components of the station's ammonia cooling system. Flight controllers are looking for the source of a small leak in the system. Pesquet, making his second spacewalk, did not see any leaking ammonia but engineers will review his video for closer scrutiny, said NASA mission commentator Gary Jordan. NASA is expected to schedule a third spacewalk once its next cargo ship arrives at the station with more items to install. Engineers are troubleshooting a problem with the cargo ship's launch vehicle. TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read Sci/Tech New algorithm can tell when you'll get bored of mobile game Sci/Tech Xiaomi Mi 6 and Xiaomi Mi 6 Plus specifications, prices surface online Sci/Tech Most massive brown dwarf discovered 750 light years away Sci/Tech Reliance Jio Prime to get one month's extension till April 30? Sci/Tech How eye movements may tell if someone is lying Sci/Tech How a 17-year-old corrected data recorded by NASA on the International Space Station Live Cricket Score Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) NZ trail by 247 runs SA 314/10 (89.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live IND 248/6 (91) IND trail by 52 runs AUS 300/10 (88.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary West Indies vs Pakistan Sun, 26 March 2017, 10:00 PM IST Related NASA's new 'sensory skin' can detect damages outside spacecraft NASA to launch new probe to measure cosmic material How a 17-year-old corrected data recorded by NASA on the International Space Station Video WATCH | Earth Hour 2017: Cities around the world plunge into darkness to bring light to climate change WATCH | Lights Out! 10 years of Earth Hour Watch: Classical Indian Odissi dancers groove to Ed Sheeran's Shape of You! View all Tags NASA Earth Boeing Space Exploration Technologies SpaceX Flight controllers gary jordan Cape Canaveral Europe SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News AAP leader writes to Home Minister over threats in courtroom Normal life in Manipur paralysed in strike against MLA Govt to take up case of 'abandoned' German patient in Kolkata Students asked to submit written apology for celebrating Holi at Pakistan's Sindh University Switzerland extends ban on meat from Brazilian processing plants Sport Lyon's extra bounce was the big difference: Chappell Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Baahubali 2 breaks barriers again, becomes first Indian movie to have a live Virtual Reality event! Kapil Sharma vs Sunil Grover: Here's what Bharti Singh has to say about the whole fiasco Legal trouble for Kamal Haasan post his remark on Mahabharata First look of Sushant Singh Rajput's 'Romeo Akbar Walter' out Hollywood celebs ring in Elton John's 70th birthday Money No idea of introudcing new denomination notes at present: RBI Coal India announces 2nd interim dividend for 2016-17 Rly to have integrated software for instant data collection Can suspend auto exchange if confidentiality breached: Swiss ESIC today launched Mobile Clinic Services in AP, Telangana Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN WELCOME REGISTER LOGIN LOGOUT MY DOWNLOADS OPTIONS Notifications See All Notifications (e.g. yourname@email.com) Remember me Forgot Password? Or login with Facebook Home DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Mattis Military Unit Pages Combatant Commands Podcasts Webcasts Newswire Alerts Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit REGISTER LOGIN DVIDS DIRECT ADMIN OPTIONS MY DOWNLOADS LOGOUT Home DVIDS Hometown News Secretary Mattis Military Unit Pages Combatant Commands Podcasts Webcasts Newswire Alerts Digital Portfolios Hometown Heroes Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service DVIDS Hub works best with JavaScript enabled WWII Veteran Reminisces Photo By Spc. Tynisha Daniel | William Dellinger, a 96-year-old veteran and native of Charlotte North Carolina...... read more read more Photo By Spc. Tynisha Daniel | William Dellinger, a 96-year-old veteran and native of Charlotte North Carolina reminisces on events during WWII, things he’s seen and the life he has lead, at his home Wednesday, Nov 2. Dellinger poses with his dress uniform. (U.S. Army Photo by Spc. Tynisha Daniel, 108th Training Command)  see less | View Image Page CHARLOTTE, NC, UNITED STATES 03.25.2017 Story by Spc. Tynisha Daniel  108th Training Command- Initial Entry Training ✔ ✗ Subscribe 12 Few of the sixteen million Americans that joined allies across the globe remain to tell the tale of World War II. William Dellinger, a 96-year-old veteran and native of Charlotte, North Carolina, was among those who served and sacrificed for their country and loved ones. Now, Nearly 72 years after completing his service to the nation, in a tiny suburb of Charlotte, Dellinger sat down to reminisce on the War, the things he’s seen, and the life he’s led since. Born on July 31, 1920, Dellinger learned at an early age how to carve his own toys, whittling them into a likeness of things he was fond of, including airplanes. That interest grew to include the way they flew, and the type of machinery it took to build them; there was no question in Dellinger’s mind as to what career path he would inevitably follow. It was several years after graduating high school and a stint at an automobile dealership, when he finally came around to pursuing his passion for planes. He registered for the Army Air Forces on August 21, 1942. “I said to myself, I’m going to go ahead and join because I want to work on air craft,” he said, smiling. Six weeks later, Dellinger was shipped to basic combat training in St. Petersburg, Florida. “My first duty station was at Marianna, Florida (Graham Airbase).” As Dellinger told it, things didn’t get off to a great start, thanks to a particular officer in charge. “I’ll never forget his name. Provost Marshall Capt. Clemmons,” he said, recounting the day like it was yesterday. “He put us in formation, then told us “all of you Tennessee, North Carolina, and Virginia men dismiss yourself and make another formation…you’ll be on guard duty.” “Oh man, I just about fell to the ground when he said that,” laughed Dellinger. Though funny to him now, guard duty was far from the technical school for mechanical aircraft he had set his sights on. Refusing to let his dreams perish, Dellinger worked harder, volunteering for everything that came his way; so much so that his leadership took notice, gave his packet a second glance and granted him his wish. Whisked away to Amarillo Air Force Base, he received training at the mechanical school for aircraft. He learned the rules of aerodynamics, the mechanical care of aircraft, and how to assemble the machinery needed to make an airplane take flight. “They (the instructors) knew we were headed overseas … and needed to know everything,” he said. Once deployed, the troops would be completely on their own. In the months that followed, Dellinger would travel across the country, perfecting his trade at aircraft manufacturing plants like Boeing in Seattle, Washington: all for the benefit of the military and the Nation. Dellinger completed his training and in January 1945, he deployed to Guam to join the fight in the Pacific Region with the Third Marine Division and the Army. Their mission was to provide offensive counter-air strikes to the enemy through ground attacks. Fighting both in the air and on the ground, Dellinger remained combat ready. Between managing the aircraft during typhoons in the middle of the night to fighting the enemy through tropical forests, Dellinger never quit. “In the wee hours of the morning and sometimes in the middle of the night, the storms would come. I would get out of my tent and walk a mile away from the jungle to secure the planes,” said Dellinger. U.S. aircraft were outside of the forests were the Soldiers camped. “In the jungle you didn’t know if you’d get hit by a bayonet or a bullet leaving your tent,” he said. As part of coping with his experiences on the island, Dellinger kept a log of all of the flights during his time in Guam as a physical and mental reminder. In all, he served as a mechanic for more than 25 successful air combat missions. “Boy was I ready to come home,” said Dellinger. “Word travelled slower in the 40s, they (the Japanese) were still fighting when we were leaving and it (the war) was over.” Returning stateside, Dellinger and the other service members were flown to California. “When we came back from overseas we got to California, cleaned up, received a good meal, jumped on a troop train, and for five days and five nights travelled across the country to Fort Bragg, North Carolina for discharge,” said Dellinger. At Fort Bragg, Dellinger and the others lined up and received discharge physicals, one by one. “The line was so long. There was so many of us that they had to give us or shots outside under the pine trees,” he said. Due the lack of room on base, once the Soldiers’ physicals were completed, they were allowed to go home for three days. “They took us downtown and I was put on a bus to go home. I came back three days later and was discharged,” said Dellinger. After being discharged, Dellinger went back to North Carolina to unite with his lovely wife and daughter. “They asked me to stay in, but I wanted to get back home to Marion. I couldn’t have been happier to see her and my 1 1/2 year old daughter. You’d better believe she sure did take care of me,” he said. After a few years of working odd jobs, he started working for the North Carolina Department of Transportation in 1955. “I finally got to put all that knowledge I learned in the military to work,” said Dellinger. But the war for Dellinger has lingered on. He says he still wakes sometimes in the middle of the night, thinking about his time on the island. He never told Marion. “I never wanted worry her, so we never talked about it.” said Dellinger. Instead he learned to wake himself up, realize where he was and tell himself it was just a dream, he said he would then “thank God it’s over and move forward.” Marion died in 2004, after more than 60 years of marriage. “She was the love of my life,” said Dellinger. At 96 years old the veteran can still be seen out and about, driving and working in his yard, and to this day, he still can fit into his old dress uniform. He keeps busy with hobbies such as creating solar panels, traveling to visit friends and family members, and even chopping the occasional firewood. “It keeps me young,” he chuckled. “I wouldn’t have been able to live my life the way I have without the military. I’m thankful,” said Dellinger. LEAVE A COMMENT NEWS INFO Date Taken: 03.25.2017 Date Posted: 03.25.2017 01:36 Story ID: 228068 Location: CHARLOTTE, NC, US  Web Views: 24 Downloads: 0 Podcast Hits: 0 PUBLIC DOMAIN   This work, WWII Veteran Reminisces, by SPC Tynisha Daniel, identified by DVIDS, is free of known copyright restrictions under U.S. copyright law. CONNECTED MEDIA MORE LIKE THIS TAGS Veteran retired Charlotte USARC 108th Training Command USNORTHCOM combat missions Aircraft WWII Army Reserve World War II Fort Bragg Army NC Solider airplanes hobbies Third Marine Division Army Air Force pacific region Army vet reminisce Army veterans Spc. Tynisha Daniel North Carolina Department of transportation Amarillo Airbase Graham Airbase William Dellinger USNORTHCOM keywords Army, Army Reserve, USARC, 108th Training Command, Charlotte, army vet, army vet Add Tag OPTIONS   Validate Your Account to Download   Register/Login to Download   Download Story   Add to My Downloads   Create TinyURL   Connect to Placements   Add to Playlist   Add News & Images to Playlist   Distribute Story   Schedule Social Post   Edit Story   Printable Version LEAVE A COMMENT Features Images Most Recent Most Popular Video HD Holiday Greetings Map B-Roll Briefings Commercials Greetings Interviews Newscasts Package PSA Series News Top Stories Most Recent Most Popular Press Releases Audio Most Recent Most Popular Publications Recent Issues Archived Issues Media Requests Create Request Media Press Kit About DVIDS Personnel Bios. Contact Us Privacy & Security FAQs Copyright Information Accessibility Information Customer Service 24 Hour Media Hotline 678-421-6612
IE Home Nation World Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Gadgets Review Photos Videos Mobile & Tabs Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Science Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station NASA is expected to schedule a third spacewalk once its next cargo ship arrives at the station with more items to install. By: Reuters | Cape Canaveral | Updated: March 25, 2017 10:08 am NASA is expected to schedule a third spacewalk once its next cargo ship arrives at the station with more items to install. (Source: NASA) Two spacewalking astronauts ventured outside the International Space Station on Friday for a 6-1/2-hour spacewalk, the first of three to prepare the orbiting laboratory for future commercial space taxis and to tackle maintenance chores, NASA TV showed. US station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, and French flight engineer Thomas Pesquet, 39, floated outside the station’s airlock as the $100 billion complex soared 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. Kimbrough, making his fifth spacewalk, first upgraded a computer relay box on the station’s central beam, then worked on a docking system for new spaceships in development by Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX. The US National Aeronautics and Space Administration is making the retrofits in the hope that private companies will begin flying astronauts to the station by the end of 2018. This would break Russia’s monopoly on crew transportation, a service that costs NASA more than $80 million per person. The first of the space taxis is scheduled for an unmanned debut test flight later this year. During Friday’s spacewalk, Kimbrough disconnected four cables on a docking tunnel to be used by the new commercial space taxis. On Sunday, ground control teams will use the station’s robot arm to move it onto a different module. The astronauts also lubricated part of the station’s robot arm, replaced cameras on Japan’s experiment platform and tackled other maintenance tasks before heading back inside the station. A second spacewalk by Pesquet and NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson is planned for Thursday to install new cables to the relocated docking tunnel. Once all the work is finished, the US side of the station will have two docking ports for passenger spaceships and two for cargo ships. Russia, which jointly operates the station with NASA, has five docking ports. Also participating in the station program with research modules and equipment are Europe, Japan and Canada. During Friday’s spacewalk, Pesquet inspected hoses, attachments and other components of the station’s ammonia cooling system. Flight controllers are looking for the source of a small leak in the system. Pesquet, making his second spacewalk, did not see any leaking ammonia but engineers will review his video for closer scrutiny, said NASA mission commentator Gary Jordan. NASA is expected to schedule a third spacewalk once its next cargo ship arrives at the station with more items to install. Engineers are troubleshooting a problem with the cargo ship’s launch vehicle. For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: NASA Best of Express Yogi Adityanath asks BJP functionaries to shun contracts EntertainmentBaahubali 2 movie pre-release event live updates: SS Rajamouli is offering a 360-degree view. Watch live streaming EntertainmentThe Kapil Sharma Show: 5 moments from its recent episode that prove it has no future without Sunil Grover EntertainmentBeyhadh 2: Jennifer Winget shares new promo showing Maya’s obsession for Arjun. But why did she delete it? EntertainmentPhillauri: Anushka Sharma-Diljit Dosanjh film is a love story we don't get to see everyday Must Read SportsIndia fail to keep pace as Lyon roars for Australia SportsDisappointed to not convert starts: KL Rahul SportsUnbelievable to be evenly poised after Day 2: Lyon TechnologyReliance Jio Prime subscription deadline to be extended by a month: Report TechnologyBaselworld 2017: Highlights from the world's largest watch and jewellery trade show TechnologyNokia 150 Dual SIM now available in India; priced at Rs 2059 LifestyleIn a path-breaking discovery, scientists turn spinach leaves into beating heart tissues Mar 26: Latest News Objective is to rid India of casteism, corruption, Cong, says Amit Shah Slaughterhouses crackdown: Meat sellers in UP to go on indefinite strike from Monday Not laddos or pedha, this Chennai temple distributes brownies, burgers and sandwiches as prasad! Virbhadra Singh warns of legal action over ‘false allegation’ by BJP leaders South African woman held with drugs worth Rs 1.47 crore in Mumbai                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
skip - skip - Visual Revenue skip - skip - skip - logo schema for google skip - infolinks- inread skip - skip - ad skip - AddBolcker skip - pop skip - Maavaron script Stop animations Toggle contrast Report an accessibility issue  Log in Profile Logout Subscribe now Haaretz - Israel News Sunday, March 26, 2017. Adar 28, 5777 Time in Israel: 6:44 PM Search Click to search  Share  Tweet  Email  Zen Israel News Opinion U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish World All sections Israel News Israeli Culture Sports Videos Travel in Israel Business Security & Aviation Science Year in Review 2016 U.S. News World News Middle East News Jewish Holidays Books Opinion Archaeology Life & Culture Food E-paper Shabbat Times Weather ESSENCE Edition française Israel Real Estate Log in Profile Scroll back Scroll forward Home   >   Middle East News   >   Turkey Is Trump's Electronics Ban Meant to Undermine Terrorism... or Turkey? While the U.S. and U.K. cite security concerns for banning large electronics from passenger carry-on, some smell a business conspiracy of sabotage. Reuters Mar 23, 2017 7:00 PM comments Print   Zen Subscribe now  Shareshare on facebook  Tweet send via email reddit stumbleupon Turkish Airlines planes lined up at Ataturk Airport in Istanbul. MURAD SEZER/REUTERS Threat of explosives in electronic devices behind U.S. flight ban, official says U.K. follows U.S. ban on electronic devices on flights from Middle East Israeli aviation security expert dumbfounded by Trump's electronics ban As Istanbul builds a massive new airport and Turkish Airlines pursues aggressive route expansion, some in Turkey see the ban on large carry-on electronics on U.S. and Britain-bound flights as a ploy to undermine their aviation industry.  The U.S. and British decisions to forbid devices bigger than a cellphone in the cabin on flights from several Middle East and North African states could hit Istanbul particularly hard, after years building up its position as an international hub.  More than half of international passengers at Turkish Airlines, which is 49 percent state-owned and serves 247 destinations outside Turkey, are transit customers who could instead travel through Europe or other hubs.  Fast-growing Gulf airlines such as Emirates, Etihad and Qatar Airways, which similarly depend on business-class flyers stopping over in places like Dubai or Doha for far-flung destinations, could also be hit.  For Turkey's national carrier, the setback comes as it prepares to relocate to a 10 billion euro ($10.8 billion) third airport in Istanbul, billed by the developer as the world's largest and championed by President Tayyip Erdogan as a megaproject that will cement Turkey's global standing.  "The biggest aim of the third airport was to use Istanbul as a hub. But if such security measures become permanent, this could reduce Istanbul's appeal," said Esra Sirinel, a deputy research director at Is Investment and an airline specialist.  Istanbul's existing main Ataturk airport is struggling to cope with millions of transit passengers a month. The new airport will initially have the capacity for 90 million passengers when it opens in 2018, but ultimately aims to serve double that and to offer flights to more than 350 destinations.  Turkey's pro-government media, which, like Erdogan, often casts the country as a victim of foreign conspiracies, was quick to lambaste the new regulations.  "They're afraid of THY (Turkish Airlines)," the Yeni Safak newspaper said in a front-page headline on Thursday, over a simulated image of the new airport glistening in the sun. It cast the move as a plot against Turkey's national carrier.  "We need to stop THY," read the headline on fellow pro-government daily Aksam, which claimed U.S. carriers, facing stiff competition from Turkish Airlines and Gulf carriers, had lobbied for the move.  Gulf airlines have been battling against a campaign in Washington by U.S. carriers which accuse them of receiving unfair subsidies, charges they deny.  The administration of U.S. President Donald Trump has so far placed more emphasis on the job benefits of building jets for foreign carriers. Gulf carriers and Turkish Airlines are major customers of Boeing and between them have more than 440 Boeing jets on order, worth tens of billions of dollars.  "Purely commercial decision" The U.S. restrictions apply to flights originating from 10 airports in countries including the United Arab Emirates, Qatar and Turkey. The British restrictions do not include the UAE or Qatar but will affect Turkish Airlines and U.K.-based carriers including British Airways, EasyJet and Monarch.  A senior Turkish government official questioned the basis for the restrictions, saying airport security in Turkey was no worse than in Europe and that laptops or tablets could still be used to carry explosives even if they are put in the hold.  "It appears this decision was made purely on commercial grounds, and it seems it was done to limit the advancements made by Turkish Airlines and by Turkey," the official told Reuters.  Security experts say Washington and London may believe a laptop could disguise a bomb big enough to bring down a plane, warranting extra explosives checks which can be performed on luggage in the hold. Confining any device to checked baggage would also make it harder for a would-be attacker to trigger it, or to position it to bring the plane down.  Turkey's foreign ministry said talks were underway to try to persuade the United States and Britain to exclude Turkish Airlines and Istanbul airport from the ban.  Istanbul-based brokerage Unlu&Co said Turkish Airlines and Gulf operators would be hit hardest by the regulations.  "(They) have the most to lose from the U.S. ban since they rely on transfer passengers who may need access to laptops and other devices for business reasons and could easily travel via European hubs, like Frankfurt," it said in a report.  Emirates said it would introduce a service letting customers use laptops and tablets until just before they board direct flights to the U.S. from Dubai, and made clear on Thursday that the ban did not apply to its U.S.-bound flights via Europe.  The Americas account for 14 percent of Turkish Airlines revenue, according to the airline's website, which does not break out figures separately for the United States or Britain.  Turkish Airlines did not immediately respond to requests for comment. Reuters Reuters Send me email alerts for new articles by Reuters Send Close Email * Please enter your email Reuters For a list of Haaretz newsletters, click here. Close  Send me email alerts for new articles by Reuters Send me email alerts Want to enjoy 'Zen' reading - with no ads and just the article? Subscribe today Subscribe now Back to page skip - skip all comments Comments Sign in to join the conversation. Add a comment Name * Required field Subject * Required field Comment Send Cancel By adding a comment, I agree to this site’s Terms of use Thank you! Your comment was successfully submitted and will be published in accordance with site policy. If you would like to be notified when your comment is published, please fill in your email address in the form below. Email * Please enter valid email Keep me posted No thanks Please wait… An error has occurred Please try again later Close Sort comments by Newest first Oldest first Top-rated first Expand all 1 Reply Close Reply Close Load more Loading more comments skip - gone viral on facbook/haaretzcom Gone Viral skip - video Trending Now Inside the Clandestine World of Israel's 'BDS-busting' Ministry Scent of Elections in the Air? Lapid Drops Demand for Palestinian State Analysis Hamas Faces Dilemma After Accusing Israel of Killing Top Militant Will a Former Galilee Shepherd Find a Cure for Cancer? Security & Aviation Putin Told Israel That Its Freedom to Act Is Over, Syrian UN Envoy Says U.S. Bars Travelers From Muslim Countries From Carrying Electronics Onboard Assad Sends an Explosive Message to Israel The Role Russia Played in the Israel-Syria Missile Clash Analysis In His First Big Political Test, Trump Crashed and Burned By Chemi Shalev (New York)yesterday This is a primium article 2 comments 2 Auschwitz Shuts Down After Nude Protesters Slaughter Sheep, Chain Selves to Gate By Ofer Aderetyesterday Archaeologists Uncover Stunning Town Built by Greeks in Italy 2,500 Years Ago By Philippe Bohstrom23.03.2017 Israeli American Teen Arrested for 'Hundreds' of Bomb Threats Against Jewish Centers By Yaniv Kubovich23.03.2017 This article contains a video 2 comments 2 Why Did Trump Keep Obama's Senior Israel Adviser? Depends Who You're Asking By Barak Ravid2 days ago This is a primium article Turkey Promoted content All the latest Middle East news, straight to your inbox Email* Please enter a valid email address Please enter your email Sign up I'd like to receive emails on offers, appeals and commercial info Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, This email address has already registered for this newsletter. Close skip - tw Tweets by haaretzcom skip - Subscribe element skip - ICYMI Scroll back This Israeli Anchorwoman Is Terrifying Netanyahu Putin Told Israel That Its Freedom to Act Is Over, Syrian UN Envoy Says Report: Israel Is Eighth Most Powerful Country in the World Assad Sends an Explosive Message to Israel Vice Co-founder Lists the '10 Things He Hates the Most About Jews' Mark Twain's Trumpian Book on the Holy Land Elite Nazi-allied Order: Trump Adviser Is Sworn Member I Arrive in Israel on March 21. Arrest Me Explained: What Just Happened Between Turkey and the Netherlands Secret Doc Reveals Israel Expelled Gazans After Six-Day War Next War With Lebanon Must Hit Civilians Where It Hurts, Bennett Says Richard Gere to Haaretz: The Occupation Is Indefensible Children Find a Treasure in Holocaust Survivors' Suitcase Locked for Decades Crusader Shipwreck, Gold Found by Diving Archaeologists in Israel 10 Ways Trump Has Already Made America - and the World - Great Again WATCH Israeli TV Host Implores Israelis: Wake Up and Smell the Apartheid The Timing, Source, and What's Missing: Wikileaks' CIA Dump Spectacular Historic Aerial Shots of Pre-state Israel Revealed 3 Nonsensical Claims Made While U.S. Jewry Is Under Attack Trump Suggests anti-Semitic Incidents Could Be False Flags by Jews Scroll forward FAQ Contact us Newsletters Terms and conditions Privacy policy Management Editorial Accessibility Advertise on Haaretz.com RSS Contact us Download our Android app Download our iOS app gPlus Facebook Twitter Israel News Middle East Jewish World U.S./World Business Partnerships Dan Hotels in Tel Aviv Haaretz Labels Michael Laitman Love Quotes - LifeHacks Life Archaeology Science Sports Culture Purim Books Travel Theater Movies and TV Food Poem of the Week Columnists Bradley Burston Chemi Shalev Allison Kaplan Sommer Anshel Pfeffer Sayed Kashua Ilene Prusher David Rosenberg Carlo Strenger Vered Guttman Opinion Daily Cartoon Letters to the Editor הארץ מתכונים לפסח חדשות גלריה ספורט ספרים סרטים מומלצים קפטן אינטרנט TheMarker Finance חדשות שוק ההון צרכנות נדל"ן Haaretz.com, the online edition of Haaretz Newspaper in Israel, and analysis from Israel and the Middle East. Haaretz.com provides extensive and in-depth coverage of Israel, the Jewish World and the Middle East, including defense, diplomacy, the Arab-Israeli conflict, the peace process, Israeli politics, Jerusalem affairs, international relations, Iran, Iraq, Syria, Lebanon, the Palestinian Authority, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, the Israeli business world and Jewish life in Israel and the Diaspora. © Haaretz Daily Newspaper Ltd. All Rights Reserved skip - skip - skip - default close skip - skip - skip - Crazy egg skip - collecting surfing data - responsive skip - skip - skip - skip - access list by IP script skip - skip - skip - skip - maavaron
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Sunday, March 26, 2017 11:37 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 27°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Life Astronauts complete spacewalk to retrofit space station (VIDEO) Saturday March 25, 2017 11:37 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: What’s the fuss over poke bowls? The Edit: Heartifacts: Retro chic furniture made from railway tracks China’s favourite Lam wins Hong Kong leadership, vows to heal rifts Ferrari’s back: Vettel stuns Mercedes’ Hamilton in F1 season opener Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Nasa astronauts Shane Kimbrough and Thomas Pesquet upgrade the International Space Station's power system during a spacewalk, in this still image taken from video, January 13, 2017. ― Nasa handout via ReutersCAPE CANAVERAL, March 25 — Two spacewalking astronauts ventured outside the International Space Station yesterday for a 6-1/2-hour spacewalk, the first of three to prepare the orbiting laboratory for future commercial space taxis and to tackle maintenance chores, Nasa TV showed. US station commander Shane Kimbrough, 49, and French flight engineer Thomas Pesquet, 39, floated outside the station’s airlock as the US$100 billion (RM443 billion) complex soared 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. Kimbrough, making his fifth spacewalk, first upgraded a computer relay box on the station’s central beam, then worked on a docking system for new spaceships in development by Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX. The US National Aeronautics and Space Administration is making the retrofits in the hope that private companies will begin flying astronauts to the station by the end of 2018. This would break Russia’s monopoly on crew transportation, a service that costs Nasa more than US$80 million per person. The first of the space taxis is scheduled for an unmanned debut test flight later this year. During yesterday’s spacewalk, Kimbrough disconnected four cables on a docking tunnel to be used by the new commercial space taxis. Tomorrow, ground control teams will use the station’s robot arm to move it onto a different module. The astronauts also lubricated part of the station’s robot arm, replaced cameras on Japan’s experiment platform and tackled other maintenance tasks before heading back inside the station. A second spacewalk by Pesquet and Nasa astronaut Peggy Whitson is planned for Thursday to instal new cables to the relocated docking tunnel. Once all the work is finished, the US side of the station will have two docking ports for passenger spaceships and two for cargo ships. Russia, which jointly operates the station with Nasa, has five docking ports. Also participating in the station program with research modules and equipment are Europe, Japan and Canada. During yesterday’s spacewalk, Pesquet inspected hoses, attachments and other components of the station’s ammonia cooling system. Flight controllers are looking for the source of a small leak in the system. Pesquet, making his second spacewalk, did not see any leaking ammonia but engineers will review his video for closer scrutiny, said Nasa mission commentator Gary Jordan. Nasa is expected to schedule a third spacewalk once its next cargo ship arrives at the station with more items to install. Engineers are troubleshooting a problem with the cargo ship’s launch vehicle. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week The jihadi who turned to Jesus Shop, sup, and style up at Merchant & Sisters, KL’s first modern general store Disneyland Paris parade celebrates 25th anniversary (VIDEO) Indonesians’ taste for dog meat is growing, even as others shun it Street art revives divided Spanish village The jihadi who turned to Jesus Shop, sup, and style up at Merchant & Sisters, KL’s first modern general store Jesus’ tomb reopened after restoration works complete (VIDEO) ‘Contactless’ card payment fraud: Myth vs reality Learn to sew at The Craftsical Studio Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Reuters Video: ‘Babies’ on board for Beyonce and Jay Z Reuters Video: ‘The White Helmets’ filmmakers discuss ‘Muslim ban’ Reuters Video: Obama, Richard Branson go kiteboarding Related Articles Meet the PUFFER — Nasa’s origami-inspired robot (VIDEO) ‘Life’ movie finds alien terror within confines of space (VIDEO) Trump, Nasa and a rare consensus: The mission to Mars Missing Indian moon probe found — by Nasa radar (VIDEO) Lego to celebrate the women of Nasa Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
Type to Search Flight Cars Culture Home How To Military Science Reviews Reviews Apps Gadgets Gear Tools Space Technology The Code Subscribe Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Podcasts Newsletter Popular Mechanics STEM Experience Follow Follow facebook twitter google+ pinterest youtube instagram Promotions Win Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter PopMech Follow Us On Pinterest Popular Mechanics Page-1 Cars How To Adventure Tech Flight Follow Subscribe Give A Gift Digital Edition Get Smart Learn to Code on the Cheap With This Complete Guide Spacewalking Astronauts Ready the ISS's New Docking Port NASA's Shane Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. NASA By Associated Press Mar 24, 2017 Astronauts ventured out on a spacewalk Friday to prep the International Space Station for a new parking spot. NASA's Shane Kimbrough and France's Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. "We are ready to get to work," Mission Control informed them. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules, and provide more clearance. The new docking device — the second of two — will fly up late this year or early next and hook onto this port. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below If all goes well, flight controllers in Houston will relocate the old docking port Sunday, using the station's robotic arm. Then next Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. SpaceX and Boeing are developing capsules capable of flying astronauts to and from the space station. Until the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner come on line — possibly next year — U.S. astronauts will have to keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. Most Popular Before working on the docking port, Kimbrough replaced a computer-relay box with an upgraded version. Pesquet, meanwhile, looked for signs of a small ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. He patted and tugged at hoses, but did not spot any frozen flakes of ammonia. A GoPro camera caught his every move for playback later. "No flakes. All good," Pesquet reported. Also on the spacewalkers' to-do list Friday: replace a pair of Japanese cameras and grease latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station's commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk can be conducted, however, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It's unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready to soar from Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. More from Popular Mechanics: More From Space GIF Deep Space Share How a Neutron Star Would Obliterate You Solar System Share How Scientists Simulated Jupiter's Wild Winds With a Giant Table and a Garbage Can Moon and Mars Share Mars May Have Had Rings, and They May Come Back GIF Moon and Mars Share Here's What a Flyby of Mars Might Look Like Space Share SpaceX ISS Capsule Parachutes Back to Earth Solar System Share Jupiter Is a Jerk Space Share New NASA Budget Cuts Earth Science and Education, Boosts Space Exploration and Human Flight Space Share Saturn's Moon Titan Has Islands of Giant Bubbles GIF Moon and Mars Share NASA's Adorable Origami Bot Could Explore the Caves of Mars and Beyond Rockets Share Canada Is Finally Getting Its Own Spaceport Space Get Ready for Phones With That Sweet New USB Type-C Port The Atlantis Astronauts Are Ready to Go Natural Gas–Burning Megaships Soon to Leave Port Apple Will Reportedly Make a Cheap MacBook Air With Just One Port The Apple Watch's Hidden Port Could Be Its Best Feature Remote Alaska Port Clinic Goes Modern With Satellite Enabled Telemedicine More From Space PM_Logo Created with Sketch. Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Media Kit Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Site Map
    E-Edition Stepsaver/Observers Citizens News Photo Reprints Contests Employment Dining About Us Advertising Newsroom History Forms Employment Privacy Terms of Use Contact Us Subscriptions Letters to the Editor Editorial and Opinion News Article News Tip Sports Department Website Issues Subscribe Activate Access Home Delivery Subscription Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Top Stories Advanced Search Calendar Weather Webcam Photo Reprints Lottery Contests Traffic Email Updates News Elections Local Election National Election Candidate Profiles Business Connecticut Local Morning 5 National New England Offbeat Today in History World Records Courts Inspections Police Bus Routes Sports The Zone UConn College Local sports MLB NBA NFL NHL Pro Sports Entertainment Arts Best Bets Movies Music Nightlife People Theater TV Lifestyle Wheels Horoscope Family Food Health Outdoors Technology Travel Tide Charts Social Moments Announcements Anniversaries Births Engagements Marriages Obits Opinion Editorials Syndicated Columnists Commentary Letters Your Page Columns Active Outdoors Beer Snob CT-Music Living Here Matter Of Laugh And Death Nature Off Stage Ride CT Sunday Reflections Blogs Gardening Off The Record Throwback Thursday Time Out What’s for Dinner Marketplace Place Ad Jobs Open Houses Legal Ads Dining Guide Coupons Newspaper Ads Special Sections Classifieds Announcements Employment Merchandise Pets & Animals Real Estate for Rent Real Estate for Sale Transportation – Autos Rec Vehicles Services Investment Astronauts prep station for new parking space March 24, 2017 - National - no comments By MARCIA DUNN ap aerospace writer This still image taken from live video provided by NASA shows astronaut Shane Kimbrough, right, works on the International Space Station during a space walk on Friday, March 24, 2017. Kimbrough and France’s Thomas Pesquet emerged early from the orbiting complex, then went their separate ways to accomplish as much as possible 250 miles up. Their main job involves disconnecting an old docking port. This port needs to be moved in order to make room for a docking device compatible with future commercial crew capsules. (NASA via AP) CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. – Spacewalking astronauts prepped the International Space Station on Friday for a new parking spot reserved for commercial crew capsules. The 250-mile-high complex already has one docking port in place for the SpaceX Crew Dragon and Boeing Starliner, which should start carrying up astronauts as early as next year. Friday’s spacewalk set the stage for a second docking location. A new docking device will fly up late this year or early next. NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough disconnected all four cables from an old docking port, using some extra force on one. He looped a spare tether around the balky cable and pulled, and off it came. “Nicely done, Shane,” Mission Control radioed. On Sunday, flight controllers in Houston will move the old port to provide better clearance for the future ships. Then on Thursday, the crew will conduct another spacewalk to secure the unit. Until the new crew capsules come on line, U.S. astronauts will keep riding Russian rockets to orbit. As Kimbrough worked on the docking port and replaced a computer-relay box, French astronaut Thomas Pesquet hunted for signs of an ammonia coolant leak in outdoor plumbing. The leak, while still small, has worsened recently, and NASA wants to pinpoint the location. “No leaks. No flakes whatsoever,” he reported. During their 6 ½-hour excursion, the spacewalkers also replaced a pair of Japanese cameras, greased latching mechanisms on the end of the big robot arm and even tackled some extra work. Their crewmates welcomed them back inside, wearing special black glasses and face masks, after Kimbrough reported there was a yellow chalk-like substance on one of his gloves. As an added precaution, both of his gloves were bagged before they came off. NASA wants to cram in two and possibly three spacewalks before Kimbrough, the station’s commander, returns to Earth on April 10. Before a third spacewalk, Orbital ATK needs to launch a cargo ship to the space station with replacement parts. That shipment was supposed to be there by now, but repeatedly has been delayed because of rocket concerns. It’s unclear when the Atlas V rocket will be ready at Cape Canaveral, Florida. NASA has been contracting out cargo deliveries since the end of the space shuttle program in 2011. The space agency is counting on private companies to do the same with astronauts. “It will be exciting to see a new way to bring crew members into orbit,” NASA astronaut Robert Behnken said from Mission Control. — Online: NASA: https://www.nasa.gov/mission-pages/station/main/index.html Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Pinterest Reddit More Skype LinkedIn Pocket Tumblr Telegram Related Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. More articles from National Shooting at Cincinnati nightclub kills 1, injures several March 26, 2017 - National, News - Tagged: Accidents, Cincinnati, New Year's, nightclub, shooting - no comments CINCINNATI (AP) — Gunfire erupted early Sunday inside a crowded nightclub with a history of violence, killing one person and wounding more than a dozen others, authorities said. No suspect is in custody, but there is no indication the shooting… Read Post → Belarus police arrest over 400 protesters March 25, 2017 - National - Tagged: Police, Taxes - no comments MINSK, Belarus – Police in Belarus cracked down hard Saturday on opposition protesters who tried to hold a forbidden demonstration in the capital – a human rights group said more than 400 people were arrested and many were beaten. The… Read Post → Failure on health bill also hurts prospects for tax overhaul March 25, 2017 - National - Tagged: Affordable Care Act, Democratic Party, Donald Trump, Republican Party, Taxes - 1 comment WASHINGTON – House Republicans’ failure to repeal Barack Obama’s health care law deals a serious blow to another big part of President Donald Trump’s agenda: tax reform. Trump and House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., say they will soon turn their… Read Post → Tens of thousands in London protest Britain’s EU departure March 25, 2017 - National - Tagged: Crime, European Union, Police - no comments LONDON – Tens of thousands protested Saturday under sunny skies in London against plans for Britain to withdraw from the European Union. The Unite for Europe march, which saw many people carrying bright blue EU flags, came just days before… Read Post → EU signs unity pledge on 60th anniversary March 25, 2017 - National - Tagged: European Union - no comments ROME – With Britain poised to start divorce proceedings, the 27 remaining European Union nations put pen to paper Saturday in Rome to renew their vows for continued unity in the face of crises that are increasingly testing the bonds… Read Post → London attacker had worked in Saudi Arabia teaching English March 25, 2017 - National - Tagged: Iraq, ISIS, Islam, Police, Social media - no comments LONDON – The British man who killed four people during a London rampage had made three trips to Saudi Arabia: He taught English there twice on a work visa and returned on a visa usually granted to those going on… Read Post → Mourners fill church for medic hit by ambulance March 25, 2017 - National - no comments NEW YORK – Emergency medic Yadira Arroyo was beloved – by her colleagues, by patients she transported to the hospital, by the store owner she spoke to on her way to work and by children who walked by her Bronx… Read Post → President Polk doesn’t rest in peace much again – stirs trouble March 25, 2017 - National - no comments NASHVILLE, Tenn. – President James K. Polk did big things for America, dramatically expanding its borders by annexing Texas and seizing California and the Southwest in a war with Mexico. Achieving undisturbed eternal rest has proved more difficult. In a… Read Post → Colorado weighs strategy for guarding against pot crackdown March 25, 2017 - National - Tagged: Donald Trump, Marijuana, Police, Social media, Taxes - no comments DENVER – Colorado is considering an unusual strategy to protect its nascent marijuana industry from a potential federal crackdown, even at the expense of hundreds of millions of dollars in tax collections. A bill pending in the Legislature would allow… Read Post → Vegas Strip reopens after gunman surrender, fatal shooting March 25, 2017 - National - Tagged: Casinos, Crime, Police, Terrorism - no comments Associated Press LAS VEGAS (AP) – People are returning to the heart of the Las Vegas Strip after a gunman shot people on a public bus and then barricaded himself inside, shutting down the busy tourism corridor for hours. The… Read Post → ‹ Older posts Newspaper Ads Latest News DeLauro calls on Congress to save heating aid for poor 3 mins ago Corruption protests sweep Russia; opposition leader arrested 27 mins ago UK: Attacker used WhatsApp, firm must help police get access 52 mins ago Shooting at Cincinnati nightclub kills 1, injures several 1 hour ago At wheels.rep-am.com 11 hours ago CategoriesCategories Select Category _Posts Announcements    Anniversaries    Births    Engagements    Marriages    Reunions Blogs    City Beat    Gardening    Off The Record    Pickin’ on Life    Throwback Thursday    What’s for Dinner Campership Cartoon Columns    Active Outdoors    Beer Snob    CT-Music    Living Here    Matter Of Laugh And Death    Nature    Off Stage    Ride CT    Sunday Reflections Community Entertainment    Arts    Best Bets    Movies    Music    Nightlife    People    Theater    TV Featured Gallery    Auto Racing Photo Gallery    College Sports    Graduations    Local Sports Photos    NASA Image of the day    News Gallery    Reader Photos    Social Moments    Top Sports Horoscope Lifestyle    Family    Food    Health    Home    Outdoors    Technology    Travel    wheels News    Bus Routes    Business    Connecticut    Elections       Candidate Profiles       Election Videos       Local Election       National Election          US Senate and House       State Elections    Local    Morning 5    National    New England    News Videos    Offbeat    Today in History    World Obituaries Opinion    Commentary    Editorials    Letters    Syndicated Columnists    Worth Reading    Your Page Records    Courts    Inspections    Police Special    Honor rolls Sports    Athlete of the Week    Auto Racing    College    Goalzone    Golf    High School       Gymnastics    Hoopzone    Latest on The Zone    Local Sports       Local Sports Videos    MLB    NBA    NFL    NHL    Olympics    Pro Sports    Redzone    Soccer    Sports featured    Sports Gallery    Sports Videos    Strikezone    Sunday Six    The Zone test    UConn       Football       Men’s Basketball       The coaches       The Streak       UConn video       UCWBB Best Ever       Women’s Basketball Top Stories Valedictorians    Valedictorians 2016 Videos Polls What's your favorite type of pizza? Neapolitan pizza Chicago-style pizza New York-style pizza Sicilian pizza New Haven-style pizza Roman-style pizza I don't like pizza View Results  Loading ... Polls Archive Reader Comments smd309 on Trump doesn’t seem to understand importance of truth scatman on Whether union or nonunion, workers deserve pensions bmwm5 on ‘Cable 5 News’ will end after 24 years yunga7 on ‘Cable 5 News’ will end after 24 years 1norton on Volunteer planners wanted Towns Barkhamsted Beacon Falls Bethlehem Bridgewater Burlington Canaan Cheshire Colebrook Cornwall Falls Village Goshen Harwinton Kent Litchfield Middlebury Morris Naugatuck New Hartford Norfolk Oxford Plymouth Prospect Roxbury Salisbury Seymour Sharon Southbury Thomaston Torrington Warren Waterbury Watertown Winsted Wolcott Woodbury Lottery Powerball for 03/25/2017 18-31-32-45-48 PB-16Next Drawing: Wed. Mar. 29Next Jackpot: $50.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $30.3 Mega Millions for 03/24/2017 05-28-37-61-69 MB-01 MP-5Next Drawing: Tue. Mar. 28Next Jackpot: $162.0 Million; Est. Cash Value: $98.2 Lotto! for 03/24/2017 02-04-07-10-13-33Next Drawing: Tue. Mar. 28Next Jackpot: $1.4 Million; Est. Cash Value: $1,140,000 Lucky for Life for 03/23/2017 01-05-06-15-30 LB-01Next Drawing: Mon. Mar. 27 Cash5 for 03/25/2017 04-07-11-27-31 Upcoming Events Mar 24 Fri all-day Trip to Washington, D.C. @ Morris Town Hall. Trip to Washington, D.C. @ Morris Town Hall. Mar 24 – Mar 26 all-day Includes motor coach transportation, two nights accommodations, two breakfasts, two dinners, tour guide and all gratuities. Trip-goers will attend the Cherry Blossom Festival, and visit the Smithsonian Buildings, war memorials and national monuments. RSVP. Mar 26 Sun 12:00 pm Music & Justice Workshop with Em... @ Mattatuck Unitarian Universalist Society Music & Justice Workshop with Em... @ Mattatuck Unitarian Universalist Society Mar 26 @ 12:00 pm Emma’s Revolution (Pat Humphries and Sandy O.) are grassroots, activist musicians whose songs have been used as tools in movements for social justice around the world, keeping people inspired & energized in the work for a world we all want... 2:00 pm Jazz Concert @ First Congregational Church Jazz Concert @ First Congregational Church Mar 26 @ 2:00 pm Pierce Campbell Jazz Trio performing, the public welcomed, admission free. 2:00 pm Thomaston Fine Arts Connection C... @ First Congregational Church of Thomaston Thomaston Fine Arts Connection C... @ First Congregational Church of Thomaston Mar 26 @ 2:00 pm – 3:30 pm The Thomaston Fine Arts Connection organization will sponsor a concert Sunday, March 26, from 2 to 3:30 p.m. at the First Congregational Church, 135 Main St. Performing will be the Pierce Campbell Jazz Trio, with Loren Evarts on piano and... 3:00 pm Lecture, Series on 14th Amendment @ Litchfield Historical Society Museum Lecture, Series on 14th Amendment @ Litchfield Historical Society Museum Mar 26 @ 3:00 pm The Litchfield Historical Society will host a lecture and accompanying two-part book discussion on the 14th Amendment beginning Sunday, March 26, at 3 p.m. at the Litchfield History Museum, 7 South St. Stephen McGrath, adjunct professor of history at Central... View Calendar Add Add to Timely Calendar Add to Google Add to Outlook Add to Apple Calendar Add to other calendar Export to XML Featured Ads Accounting Manager ACCOUNTING MANAGER – Full Time We are a news publishing company with an excellent opportunity for an energetic, growth-oriented candidate to develop professional and management skills. We offer a friendly team environment with a mentoring approach to professional development. Position reports directly to the controller and supervises Accounts Payable, Payroll and Purchasing Clerk. Full general […] Inside Sales Labor, General Utility Worker, FT $10.10/hr. StepSaver newspaper in Southington seeks a reliable worker to operate and maintain equipment. Stack, move, label and assemble printed products. Operate pallet jack. Clean work areas. Must be able to lift, move 50 lbs. Generally Mon. - Fri., 8 AM to 4:30PM. Must stay until work is done for […] Comments Popular Today Week Month All Whether union or nonunion, workers deserve pensions 'Furlough days' for teachers are an injustice Trump, GOP leaders pull health care bill in humiliating loss Trump doesn't seem to understand importance of truth 'Cable 5 News' will end after 24 years Today Week Month All Pizza, Pizza Oxford school employees testify on football coach's behavior after brother's resignation Thomas F. Kelly Richard M. Bellemare John J. Dubray Featured Ads Featured Coupons Sign up for Email Updates Email Updates Top Stories Town News Lifestyle News Daily News Update Entertainment News The Zone Meta Register Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Republican American 389 Meadow St Waterbury CT 06712 203 574-3636 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
close This ad will auto close in 10 seconds हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் हिन्दी हिन्दी मराठी বাংলা தமிழ் Live TV Live TV Toggle navigation INDIA City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Business Economy Markets Personal Finance Companies International Business Real Estate Market Stats Bullion Automobile SPORTS Football Tennis Badminton Other sports Cricket TECHNOLOGY Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Entertainment Bollywood Television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood LIFESTYLE People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality HEALTH Blogs Photo VIDEO News » Science & Environment » Space ﻿ Astronauts Shane Kimbrough,Thomas Pesquet complete spacewalk By Zee Media Bureau | Last Updated: Saturday, March 25, 2017 - 09:10 0 Shares Facebook Twitter Whatsapp  Comment Follow @ZeeNews New Delhi: Astronauts Shane Kimbrough and Thomas Pesquet have completed the 6.5 – hour spacewalk to prepare the orbiting laboratory for future commercial space taxis and to tackle maintenance chores. US station commander Kimbrough, 49, and French flight engineer Pesquet, 39, floated outside the station`s airlock as the $100 billion complex soared 250 miles (402 km) above Earth. Kimbrough, making his fifth spacewalk, first upgraded a computer relay box on the station`s central beam, then worked on a docking system for new spaceships in development by Boeing and Space Exploration Technologies, or SpaceX. The U.S. National Aeronautics and Space Administration is making the retrofits in the hope that private companies will begin flying astronauts to the station by the end of 2018. This would break Russia`s monopoly on crew transportation, a service that costs NASA more than $80 million per person. The first of the space taxis is scheduled for an unmanned debut test flight later this year. During Friday`s spacewalk, Kimbrough disconnected four cables on a docking tunnel to be used by the new commercial space taxis. On Sunday, ground control teams will use the station`s robot arm to move it onto a different module. The astronauts also lubricated part of the station`s robot arm, replaced cameras on Japan`s experiment platform and tackled other maintenance tasks before heading back inside the station. (With Reuters inputs) First Published: Saturday, March 25, 2017 - 09:10 More from zeenews   India AI air hostess defends Gaikwad, says Shiv Sena MP pulled up Sukumar for misdemeanour I was born in Karachi but was disciplined, educated by RSS, says BJP veteran LK Advani Islamabad wants good relations with New Delhi, stalling Indo-Pak dialogue only helps terrorists: Pakistan Envoy More from India World N. Korea warns US, S. Korea against targeting leadership France's Le Pen says euro exit 'wouldn't be a chaos' Iran sanctions 15 US firms, citing human rights abuses and Israel ties More from World Sports VIDEO: Did Josh Hazlewood give Murali Vijay a send-off in Dharamsala? You be the judge... Digvijaya Singh suggests IPL to drop cheerleaders, play tunes in praise of Lord Rama Unbelievable: Mohammad Kaif predicted dream debut for Kuldeep Yadav on the eve of Dharamsala Test More from Sports Entertainment Baahubali 2: New poster featuring angry Prabhas unveiled! - See pic Sunil Grover, Ali Asgar to compete with Kapil Sharma by teaming up for new show? Kapil Sharma’s rumoured former girlfriend deactivates Twitter account? More from Entertaiment Health Pregnant women, take tips! Here's how to avoid child disabilities during gestation New hope for autistic kids with fecal transplant This new gene offers hope for Alzheimer's disease More from Health Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Most Read Most Viewed Watch: Yogi Adityanath's first speech as Uttar Pradesh CM in Gorakhpur What Hindu saints think about Ram Mandir issue? Yogi Adityanath to visit Gorakhpur for first time today after becoming UP CM DNA: Analysing the 'no first use' nuclear policy of India Amit Shah addresses BJP's mega convention in Delhi Is this for real: Ajinkya Rahane bizarre shot went for six, concerned Virat Kohli settles with smile — WATCH WATCH: Skipper Virat Kohli carries drinks for Team India WATCH: Tom Latham takes IMPOSSIBLE catch to dismiss Faf du Plessis Mohanlal's 'Manyam Puli' has a BREATHTAKING scene where TIGER attacks a boy! WATCH 'Pulimurugan' clip Kapil Sharma-Sunil Grover fight: Will it be a shutdown for 'The Kapil Sharma Show'? Related News ISS upgrade: Astronauts Shane Kimbrough and Thomas Pesquet begins spacewalk — Watch Expedition 50 astronauts take spacewalk outside space station – Watch Live TAGS spacewalk Space news Astronauts Shane Kimbrough Thomas Pesquet Photos Stunning Instagram Photos of Celebrities BEST PICS OF THE DAY - 26 March 2017 Foods You Should Eat Every Day Top Videos PM Narendra Modi's 30th edition of 'Mann Ki Baat' Yogi Adityanath's speech on his first visit to Gorakhpur after becoming UP CM Blast in military base of Ukraine leaves one woman dead BJP MLA Vikram Saini accused of voicing controversial statement More from other Sections FIFA expresses satisfaction over Guwahati stadium for U-17 World Cup Australian Grand Prix: Force India open season with double points finish Pranavananda Swami files complaint against Kamal Hassan over remarks on Mahabharata Jennifer Lopez goes on romantic date with Alex Rodriguez Highly religious people, atheists are least fearful of death, say scientists! Speaking about depression will help you on your way to recovery, says PM Narendra Modi contact Privacy Policy Legal Disclaimer complaint Our Team investor info Careers WHERE TO WATCH Partner Site: DAILY NEWS AND ANALYSIS news India States World Technology Science & Environment Health Photo entertainment Bollywood television Music Regional Movie Reviews Hollywood lifestyle People Relationships Travel Food & Recipes Fashion Culture Horoscope Spirituality sports Cricket Badminton Football Tennis Other Sports business Automobile Economy Markets Personal Finance Market Stats Companies Real Estate Bullion International Business India City Mumbai Kolkata Pune Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Ahmedabad STATES Andhra Pradesh Assam Bihar Chhattisgarh Delhi NCR Goa Gujarat Haryana Himachal Pradesh Jammu and Kashmir Jharkhand Karnataka Kerala Madhya Pradesh Maharashtra North East Odisha Punjab Rajasthan Tamil Nadu Telangana Uttar Pradesh Uttarakhand UTs West Bengal World Asia Africa Americas Europe Australia-Oceania Technology Gadgets Mobiles Gaming Apps Internet & Social Media Science & Environment Space Environment Discoveries Science Hindi Home देश प्रदेश दुनिया खेल-खिलाड़ी कारोबार ज्ञान-विज्ञान मनोरंजन ज़ी स्पेशल सेहत तस्वीरें वीडियो भविष्यफल Marathi Home मुंबई महाराष्ट्र भारत विश्व स्पोर्ट्स बार कल्लाबाजी हेल्थ मंत्रा ब्लॉगर्स पार्क युथ क्लब Exclusive फोटो व्हिडिओ भविष्य Bengali Home Kolkata State Nation World Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Health Photos Videos Slideshows Weather Inverstors Home About ZMCL Listing Document Shareholding Pattern Presentations & Releases Board of Directors Financials-Annual Financials-Quarterly Q&A Transcripts Code of Conduct Notices © 1998-2017 Zee Media Corporation Ltd (An Essel Group Company), All rights reserved.
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Business Headlines Stocks wobble, finish mixed as GOP pulls plug on health bill The Associated Press | Friday, March 24, 2017, 11:00 p.m. Tax reform proposals After the close of trading Friday, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. NEW YORK — U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Investors didn't trade much as they waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill's impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the week run for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. “You're going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform,” he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively quiet, which may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when it was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. With the 2010 Affordable Care Act alive for another day, insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump's proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 percent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 percent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 percent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. “Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things,” he said, because “the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment.” Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 percent from 2.42 percent. U.S. crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $3.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar inched down to 110.80 yen from 111.07 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0808 from $1.0786. Gold rose $1.30 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver jumped 16 cents to $17.75 an ounce. Copper lost 1 cent to $2.63 a pound. In Germany, the DAX added 0.2 percent and the French CAC 40 dropped 0.2 percent and Britain's FTSE 100 index dipped 0.1 percent. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent following recent losses. The Kospi of South Korea shed 0.2 percent while Hong Kong's Hang Seng reversed earlier losses to finish 0.1 percent higher. More Business Trump's Treasury secretary: Job loss to robots 'not even on our radar' Oil giants upending American shale turf Changing consumer habits shorten fashion brands' life cycle Report says 38 percent of American jobs at risk of automation by 2030s For some airline passengers, electronics restrictions pose big challenge TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending Fiery Kuhl ready to become mainstay in Pirates rotation As Pennsylvania's recycling mandate nears expiration, state eyes overhaul New Pitt athletic director Lyke ready to lead with passion, integrity Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Week in Pictures Health care town hall, Robot surgery and flag etiquette (March 13-19) Images from across the region by Tribune-Review photographers. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
Sunday, March 26, 2017 JobsDatingBuy photosLocal BusinessesStar ShopClassifiedsBook An AdDigital Editions Home News Sport Entertainment What's On Business Education Farming Motors Property Family Announcements Notices Directory Business Shropshire Business Ladder for Shropshire Perks: Rewarding your loyal customers City News Money Careers Business Supplement The Farmer Advertise Local Businesses PUBLISHED: March 24, 2017 21:30 Stocks manage mixed finish after Republicans cancel vote on health care bill US stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans cancelled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1%, at 2,343.98 (Richard Drew/AP) Investors did not trade much as they waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill's impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was cancelled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1%, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3%, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2%, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1%, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively quiet, which may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest US hospital company, climbed 2.87 dollars, or 3.5%, to 86.04 dollars and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7%, to 9.54 dollars. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5%. The American Health Care Act would probably have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health programme for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when it was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. With the 2010 Affordable Care Act alive for another day, insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell 3.36 dollars, or 2.3%, to 142.82 dollars and Anthem shed 2.63 dollars, or 1.6%, to 126.77 dollars. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump's proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank 2.65 dollars, or 2.3%, to 112.74 dollars. Steel maker Nucor declined 1.50 dollars, or 2.4%, to 59.76 dollars. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed 1.45 dollars, or 1%, to 150.77 dollars and Boeing sank 1.44 dollars to 175.82 dollars. Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 % from 2.42 % . AP Commercial Links Jobs Dating Buy photos Local Businesses Star Reader Travel Star Shop Classifieds Book An Ad Digital Editions Useful links About us Contact Us Manage your Subscription Online Live road traffic updates Terms of website use Send us your news Deliver the Shropshire Star Live rail updates Cookies and privacy policy Making a complaint Shropshire Star archive Featured articles
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices CEO whose firm refused to hire Muslims pays $485,000 settlement USA TODAY Elizabeth Weise 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Cadbury says chocolate could get smaller after Brexit Senate votes to kill privacy rules guarding your online info © Provided by USA Today SAN FRANCISCO — A Washington state aerospace company whose CEO refused to hire Muslims, replied to jokes about killing them with smiley faces and who told employees they must have babies to keep American from being “backfilled with rubbish from the desperate and criminal populations of the third world” agreed Thursday to pay a civil rights settlement of $485,000, according to state attorney general Bob Ferguson. The settlement with Electroimpact over its “outrageous” conduct is the largest ever in Washington state history, Ferguson said. Quotes in the article Boeing Co BA ▼ 175.82 -1.44 -0.81% The small aerospace automation company is based in Mukilteo, a town just north of Seattle and close to Boeing’s large Everett, Wash., plant. According to its website, the company was designed by its founder, Peter Zieve, as “a haven for engineers.” According to the complaint, Zieve asked for a photo of all job applications and then screened out anyone who said they were Muslim or who he believed to be Muslim based on their name, photograph or national origin, A full 94.5% of the company’s 474 engineers were white, according to a June 30, 2016, report to the U.S. Department of Labor. Company chief of staff Ben Hempstead said the issues were “old news from last year” and have already been dealt with internally. Zieve’s personal opinions are not related to the company mission, but employees and customers “value his technical insight and product leadership and will continue to benefit from his long-term view,” Hempstead said. The complaint quoted a "jokes" email list run by Electroimpact that featured many anti-Muslim statements. One example was, “How do you save half the Muslims? Kill the other half.” On May 6, 2015, Zieve emailed an employee a smiley face emoji after the employee sent out an email that read, “The winning drawing at the ‘Draw Mohammad’ art contest in Garland, Texas” and attached an image of a chalk outline of a dead body. He also encouraged employees to get involved with a group that was trying to stop construction of a mosque in Mukilteo. According to the complaint, some were asked to watch a video titled "How to stop mosques." The issue was first brought to public attention by an article in the Seattle Times in 2016.  Zieve also pushed employees to marry and have children because as he said in an email to staff, “if we don’t make more babies the light will (go) out on civilization.” Until July 2016, employees who married got a $1,000 bonus. In 2015, he told employees he would also bring a $1,000 check to any wedding he attended, in addition to the bonus. Children fulfilled God’s mandate to be “fruitful and multiply,” an article he linked to said. In an email from Feb. 6, 2015, Zieve wrote that, “When [our sons and daughters] choose to not repopulate and allow our wonderful country to be back-filled with rubbish from the desperate and criminal populations of the third world[,] I find that to be disgusting and I find those persons to make these decisions to be repulsive and I don’t like them around me.” An employee objected to an anti-Muslim statement on the email list was told to leave the company. When another suggested that “world cultures are too complicated to discuss in a jokes email list,” Zieve replied that the employee was out of line. Not everyone at the company perceived the atmosphere as hostile. Lucas Sallee, a mechanical engineer, has worked there since 2005. He was in the process of converting to Islam at the time of his hire and his wife was a Muslim refugee from southeast Asia, he said. “I’ve never had any problem here, that stuff about the political emails and the wedding bonus was all overblown,” he said. Some of the jokes on the Jokes email list “was pretty ugly stuff but most of it was kind of par for the course in America,” he said. As an engineer, the company is a dream workplace where employees are empowered to “an incredible degree,” he said. “It’s a great place to work.” In the consent decree, Electroimpact agreed that Zieve will no longer take part in hiring for non-management positions, won’t base compensation on mairital status and that someone other than Zieve will take employee complains. The employee handbook will also be changed to make clear that Electroimpact doesn’t allow harassment based on race, religion and national origin among others. On his LinkedIn page, Zieve stated, “My company was founded in July, 1986 by me. I have allot (sic) of fun working there so I'm not leaving without a fight.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY Oregon powers past Kansas to reach Final Four USA TODAY The bipartisan path forward on health care: Andy Slavitt USA TODAY Gonzaga's Mark Few reaches Final Four at last USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Sunday, Mar 26, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Stock Market Stocks recover, end mixed after health bill pulled Market closed out worst week since election today ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on March 24, 2017 | Updated 5:11 p. m. Trader Daniel Leporin, foreground, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange. ASSOCIATED PRESS THE BLADE Buy This Image Ttraders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Stocks opened higher on Wall Street on Friday. ASSOCIATED PRESS Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print THE BLADE Enlarge | Buy This Image NEW YORK — U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Investors didn’t trade much as they waited for answers about the state of President Trump’s business-friendly agenda. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill’s impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. RELATED: Searchable stock index The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the week run for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. “You’re going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform,” he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively quiet, which may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when it was introduced those stocks fell because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. With the 2010 Affordable Care Act alive for another day, insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump’s proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Vulcan Materials, a construction materials maker, sank $2.65, or 2.3 percent, to $112.74. Steel maker Nucor declined $1.50, or 2.4 percent, to $59.76. Construction and machinery companies also stumbled. Engine maker Cummins shed $1.45, or 1 percent, to $150.77 and Boeing sank $1.44 to $175.82. Scanlon, of Manulife, said investors want Trump and Congress to come up with a real proposal that changes corporate taxes. “Something needs to be done with a permanent solution, not just one of these holiday things,” he said, because “the goal is to be a stimulus for domestic investment.” Bond prices rose slightly. The yield on the 10-year Treasury note fell to 2.41 percent from 2.42 percent. U.S. crude oil futures rose 27 cents to $47.97 a barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, added 24 cents to $50.80 a barrel in London. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline gained 2 cents to $1.60 a gallon. Heating oil rose 1 cent to $1.50 a gallon. Natural gas added 3 cents to $3.08 per 1,000 cubic feet. The dollar inched down to 110.80 yen from 111.07 yen. The euro edged up to $1.0808 from $1.0786. Gold rose $1.30 to $1,248.50 an ounce. Silver jumped 16 cents to $17.75 an ounce. Copper lost 1 cent to $2.63 a pound. In Germany, the DAX added 0.2 percent and the French CAC 40 dropped 0.2 percent and Britain’s FTSE 100 index dipped 0.1 percent. Japan’s benchmark Nikkei 225 index rose 0.9 percent following recent losses. The Kospi of South Korea shed 0.2 percent while Hong Kong’s Hang Seng reversed earlier losses to finish 0.1 percent higher. Related Items Donald Trump , East Asia , Asia , united states , north america Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Sunday, March 26, 2017 Email alerts e-Edition Apps Subscriptions Recent Stories Las Vegas Review-Journal The most reliable source for Las Vegas news Las Vegas Review-Journal Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube   Search this site Home News Education Politics & Government Nevada Clark County Las Vegas Government salaries Nation/World Science/Technology Military Special Features Deadly Force Death in Las Vegas Delivering a New Downtown Neon Rebirth Columnists Debra Saunders Jane Ann Morrison On Education Paul Harasim Road Warrior Vegas Vice Victor Joecks Local Las Vegas Downtown The Strip Henderson North Las Vegas Summerlin Southwest East Valley Nevada Restaurant inspections Columnists Bob Morris Terri Schlichenmeyer Deborah Wall Herb Jaffe John Asay Sports Betting UNLV Football Basketball Other Sports NFL in Vegas Golden Knights/NHL 51s/Baseball NCAA Basketball MMA/UFC NV Preps Motor Sports NASCAR NHRA Races Columnists Ed Graney Ron Kantowski Richard Eng Brian Hurlburt In The Outdoors Todd Dewey More Sports Football Las Vegas Bowl Basketball Boxing Golf Shriners Open Rodeo Business Casinos & Gaming Energy Housing/Real Estate Stadium Entrepreneurs Tourism Columnists Inside Gaming Real Estate Insider Opinion Editorials Letters Columnists Charles Krauthammer Steve Sebelius Wayne Allyn Root Crime Courts Homicides Robberies Sex crimes Shootings Stabbings Entertainment Arts & Culture Celebrity Food Events Movies Nightlife Shows Music TV TV Guide Columnists Christopher Lawrence Heidi Knapp Rinella John Katsilometes Mike Weatherford Robin Leach Sounding Off Trip of the Week Life Fashion Health Home and Garden Recreation Religion Travel Comics Games Video Obits Today's Obituaries Submit an obit Autos Auto News Dealer News REV THIS WEEK Classifieds Place a Classified Homes Real Estate News Real Estate Millions Commercial Classifieds Place a Classified Jobs Log in Post a job Job Fairs Jobs at the RJ Classifieds Legals Coupons Contests Deals Service Directory Print Display Ads Nifty Nickel FAQ   You are here Home » Business GameCo, a video game...     Posted March 25, 2017 - 9:49pm Review-Journal readers share their vanity plates Review-Journal readers share their vanity plates (Las Vegas Review-Journal) SOME STANDOUT PLACES FROM AROUND THE VALLEY — NOCHEEZ — CHURCH — YALLA — BIGGUY — POOLGUY — STRMTPR (Storm trooper, villains from the "Star Wars" franchise) — KITSCH — KHUTZPA — BATMAN — THENUTS — ORNGJCE — WWJD4US (What would Jesus do for us) — BOMHAIR — ESTEEM — WERNUTZ — LINEMKR — OHHHGOD — BUDLITE By Wade Tyler Millward Las Vegas Review-Journal When Douglas Murphy decided to buy a vanity license plate in 1982, he hit a snag generations in the making. The Murphy family name proved too common for a simple plate. He spent weeks having a state employee friend run different combinations of his name through a computer to see what hadn’t been taken. He eventually settled on the plate he has to this day, AKAMURPH (also known as Murph). Murphy has earned praise for his plate over the decades. Valet parkers at one of his regular restaurants have taken to calling him “AKA.” “It was well worth it,” he said. “I would never sell it or even turn it in.” Murphy owns one of the tens of thousands of vanity plates on Nevada’s roads. He and other readers reached out to the Review-Journal to share their stories after the newspaper published findings that Nevada consistently ranks No. 3 among percent of cars with vanity plates on the road. The ranking was based on about 30 states that self-reported the number of vanity plates on its roads. About one in 10 cars on Nevada’s road has a state plate with a custom message on it. A reader who declined to give a name sent in photos of vanity plates for ATOM and B52H. The Air Force veteran said the plates come from days spent around Boeing B-52H bombers that carried atom bombs. Some who see the license plates assume the reader was involved in the bomb tests held in Nevada. Marco Velotta, son of Review-Journal reporter Rick Velotta, sent in a photo of his plate UOFNV (University of Nevada). The graduate has had the plate for about six years. He said he was shocked it wasn’t taken. Velotta was part of the Pride of the Sierra Marching Band, regularly attended games against rival UNLV and continues to work professionally with faculty members. Sometimes, future students and interested parents will come up to him to ask about life at University of Nevada. “It’s a conversation starter,” he said. “I’m always glad to share my experience on campus.” Contact Wade Tyler Millward at wmillward@reviewjournal.com or 702-383-4602. Follow @wademillward on Twitter. GameCo, a video game...   Submit a News Tip Most Popular Las Vegas Strip reopens to traffic after deadly bus shooting; suspect in custody Las Vegas police investigating burglary at Bellagio Las Vegas Strip reopens to traffic after deadly bus shooting; suspect in custody Las Vegas police investigating after shots fired during burglary at Bellagio Las Vegas Strip slowly reopens after deadly bus shooting; suspect in custody Columnists Features Inside Gaming Upcoming Raiders vote could forever change Las Vegas tourism landscape   Steve Sebelius Congressional Republicans — including Nevada’s Mark Amodei and Dean Heller — retreat, and Obamacare lives!   Wayne Allyn Root COMMENTARY: London terror attack justifies Donald Trump’s immigration order   Charles Krauthammer COMMENTARY: American system of checks and balances is alive and well under Donald Trump   More Columnists NFL Team Bar Directory Here is the Review-Journal's 2016 directory of NFL team bars in the Las Vegas area.   Electric Daisy Carnival The world’s largest dance music event   Hockey in Vegas A look at NHL expansion news in the Silver State.   Neon Rebirth The post-recession American Dream in Las Vegas   More Features   CALENDAR SUN 26 MON 27 TUE 28 WED 29 THU 30 FRI 31 SAT 1 A All Week   Loading... Search     Tweets from https://twitter.com/reviewjournal/lists/rj-business   Connect Contact us Letter to the Editor Jobs at the RJ Submit a News Tip Services Subscriptions Put the paper on hold Report a delivery problem eNewsletter Sign Up Solutions Advertise with us Place a classified ad FAQs Staff Follow Us Facebook Twitter Pinterest RSS Feed Instagram YouTube Information Traffic Weather   Copyright ©Las Vegas Review-Journal, Inc. 2017. All rights reserved. • Privacy Policy
White Papers Magazines  Subscribe Now !  Sign In Sign Out      Job Opportunities      Subscribe for 1 year - Get 2 months FREE!!     TRY IT NOW Home ::  WMD ::  Library ::  News ::  India ::  2017 ::  March ::  SITREP Military WMD Menu                            Introduction Systems Facilities Agencies Operations Countries Hot Documents News Reports Policy Budget Congress Links Intelligence Homeland Security Space Public Eye Weapons of Mass Destruction (WMD) Further Reading After Almost 30 Years in Service, Indian Navy Tupolevs to Retire Sputnik News In-Depth Coverage 10:19 25.03.2017 The Indian Navy's three Tupolev Tu-142M aircraft will be decommissioned on March 29. The aircraft will be converted into a museum in collaboration with an Indian state. New Delhi (Sputnik) – The navy had already begun gradually phasing out the Tupolevs, nicknamed Albatross, which were key in anti-submarine warfare and maritime patrol roles. "The workhorse of the Indian Navy, mainstay of maritime reconnaissance and anti-submarine warfare for almost 30 years, Tu-142M aircraft to retire in a week," announced the Indian Navy. The 49.5-meter-long craft with a 50-meter wingspan also served in photographic and radio reconnaissance missions. "Tu-142M is the fastest turboprop aircraft in the world. Many fighters found it difficult to intercept this machine at high altitude. Tupolevs have been the Eye in the Sky of the Indian Navy for the past 30 yrs providing critical real time inputs for maritime operations," said the Indian Navy. Only three aircraft are in service as the Navy had started the gradual phasing out with the induction of eight P8I multi-mission aircraft. Boeing will begin deliveries of four other P8Is in 2020. The Indian Navy had upgraded Tu-142M aircraft during 2006-10. The aircraft is armed with weapons like the Kh-35 anti-ship missile, self-guided missiles, torpedoes, depth charges and twin AM-23 automatic cannon. The Indian Navy and the south Indian state of Andhra Pradesh have decided to convert the aircraft into a museum at a cost of US$ 0.75 million. © Sputnik NEWSLETTER Join the GlobalSecurity.org mailing list Enter Your Email Address   Advertise with Us | About Us | GlobalSecurity.org In the News | Internships | Site Map | Privacy Copyright © 2000-2017 GlobalSecurity.org All rights reserved. Site maintained by: John Pike
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Twilight Zone Awaits EU’s Vestager on Trip to Trump’s America by Aoife White @aoifewhite101 More stories by Aoife White March 25, 2017, 8:00 PM EDT Vestager may lack U.S. counterparts on trip to Washington EU official’s tough enforcement of U.S. companies risks fury Margrethe Vestager, the European Union’s antitrust czar, makes her first visit to President Donald Trump’s America next week, amid criticism she’s unfairly targeting some of the U.S.’s biggest companies ranging from Google to McDonald’s Corp. But rather than find herself the target of one of the president’s sharply worded tweets, the combative Dane, who last year slapped a 13 billion-euro tax order on Apple Inc., is more likely to find herself in an antitrust twilight zone because Trump, who’s vowed to put America first, has so far failed to appoint top-level competition officials. Margrethe Vestager Photographer: Jasper Juinen/Bloomberg Vestager told reporters last week she’s still in the dark about how many officials at the U.S. Justice Department or the Federal Trade Commission she’d see during her short U.S. trip. Such meetings are a usual part of a careful co-operation between the U.S. and the EU as officials try to align deadlines for merger reviews and coordinate global cartel raids. Her visit comes months after she disregarded calls from the then President Barack Obama’s U.S. Treasury to avoid slapping Apple for its tax arrangements. While the EU and the U.S. antitrust authorities have often worked closely together, including to oppose a $28 billion oil-services merger last year, they’ve also clashed in the past on whether deals should be cleared or blocked. Nicolas Veron, a researcher at the Peterson Institute for International Economics, said Europe is up against a potentially “destructive U.S. administration that’s willing to question very long standing positions of the U.S. government.” European regulators like Vestager must proceed with "extreme caution" in how to handle their opposite numbers in the U.S. Brussels ‘Hellhole’ The new U.S. administration has also undermined aspects of the trans-Atlantic relationship, with Trump having questioned the U.S. commitment to NATO, predicted other countries would follow the U.K. out of the bloc and even called Europe’s de facto capital, Brussels, a hellhole. Vestager also faces a White House that’s pledged to tear down regulations in a bid to promote more business activity. The former Danish finance minister will speak to almost 3,000 lawyers and officials at the American Bar Association, a key event in the antitrust world. She’s scheduled to speak at the event’s March 31  roundtable alongside the U.S. Justice Department’s assistant attorney general for antitrust, a position that hasn’t yet been filled. “It’s so early days that if they are confirmed by the time I get there it’s too early for us to meet,” she said on Wednesday. Her office said Friday that no meetings had yet been confirmed for her. Trump’s Pick The Justice Department’s antitrust division and the FTC, which share antitrust jurisdiction in the U.S., are both being run by temporary leaders until Trump names permanent replacements. Makan Delrahim, a former Justice Department lawyer now at the White House, is Trump’s pick to run the antitrust division, according to people familiar with the matter. Delrahim’s nomination requires Senate approval before he can step into the job. Antitrust, a policy spearheaded by the U.S. to rein in 19th century railroad and banking monopolies, is championed enthusiastically by the Brussels-based European Commission. Vestager said she works to keep markets open and to foster competition, basing her decisions on evidence and the law. This could see some conflict with a U.S. administration that is determined to favor American business over foreigners. “There are embers that are there that are glowing,” said Bill Kovacic, a professor at Georgetown Law and a former FTC Commissioner, of the EU-U.S. antitrust relationship. “There’s an unhappy recent track record of playing with fire in that area.” ‘Very Hostile’ The U.S. Treasury’s paper on the EU’s Apple case, sent by the previous administration, was “a very hostile memo. It was not so politely saying ‘you don’t know what you’re talking about, you can’t even do your own job properly,”’ he said. Aside from Apple, Vestager is spearheading a number of probes into American companies, including three at an advanced stage for Google, two for Qualcomm Inc. and one for MasterCard Inc. She’s weighing a complaint from airlines over aftermarket contracts from Boeing Co. and Airbus SE and investigating possible cartels between global banks over financial benchmarks, including in foreign exchange markets. U.S. Companies The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The EU’s controversial investigations into tax rulings granted by European companies have overwhelmingly hit U.S. companies, with back-tax orders already issued to Apple and Starbucks Corp., with probes into Amazon.com Inc. and McDonald’s underway. EU officials argue that these tax structures are mostly used by multinationals, many of which are American, and that they are also probing two European firms. Still, Vestager seems to have avoided harsh enforcement for U.S. companies in recent months. She’s focused on fining European and Asian airlines, car-part manufacturers and car battery recyclers. The one American target under investigation that she’s moved on has been Amazon, which is working on a settlement that would allow it avoid fines. Vestager insists that she’s neutral and that she doesn’t see “that the flag or the nationality of the company plays a role,” she told Bloomberg TV earlier this month. Even if the U.S. doesn’t take issue with EU antitrust enforcement, a cooling of what was once a close relationship might hold back regulators’ work. EU merger officials work closely and even rely on U.S. counterparts to examine how companies work and build cases on how a deal might be harmful. The EU’s handful of people working the Halliburton Co.-Baker Hughes Inc. merger probe was outnumbered by nearly two dozen U.S. officials. EU regulators "very much appreciate the concrete cooperation we have on a case-by-case basis" with the U.S. and "work very closely with U.S. teams on mergers," Vestager said in the interview. "That working relationship is very precious to us." Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Uber to Suspend Autonomous Tests After Arizona Accident Trump Meets Freedom Caucus and Result Is Legislative Disaster Trump Praises Ryan on Health as Aides Privately Blame the Speaker Trump's Retreat on Health Care Deals a Blow to the Rest of His Agenda House Obamacare Repeal Collapse Raises Doubts on GOP Agenda Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content Home News Sports Metro Plus Politics Business Entertainment Opinion Editorial Columnists Jobs Sections Search for: Columnist The brain as a liability Published March 26, 2017March 26, 2017 Share Tweet Pin it +1 Minabere Ibelema Minabere Ibelema His team was at the verge of victory if only he made one of two free throws.  With about 90 per cent accuracy record during the season, it should be a cinch. But to the dismay of teammates and fans and the delight of opponents, he missed both shots. And that opened up the opportunity for the opposing team to win. This has been a common occurrence lately amidst the sporting extravaganza Americans call March Madness. It is the university basketball tournament that is so christened because of its unpredictable outcomes. With scores in many matches remaining close to the end, free-throw shooting often makes a difference as to who wins or loses. And when the shots have to be made with the game on the line, even the best shooters often can’t make it. It is called choking, and it is a common occurrence in sports. It happens in soccer, especially during penalty shootouts. Researchers have blamed it on the brain. In the routines of games, instinct and spontaneity rule. But when it matters most, the brain takes over. It analyses options and weighs implications, and in the process, it hinders performance. We know, of course, that a malfunctioning brain is the definition of madness. What we don’t readily realised is that even a normally functioning brain sometimes gets in the way. Surely, the brain is the most profound organ in the human body. It is what distinguishes mankind from other creatures. It is what has made it possible for us to fly, talk to and see friends across the oceans. It is what enables presidents to tweet their time away. Yet, the brain’s downsides are considerable. Its greatest weakness may well be that it is no match for the emotion. We do the most irrational things when we are angry, afraid, in love, etcetera. And that’s because those emotions overpower the brain, a relative weakling. That’s why we have rapists, murderers and terrorists. That’s why demagogues — both political and religious — hold such sway over the minds of many.  As the mid-20th century U.S. Supreme Court Justice Robert H. Jackson put it, “An infallible method of making fanatics is to persuade before you instruct.” The weakness of the brain relative to the emotion is also the reason people fall in love for the ficklest of reasons. Even when the brain does the maths, the emotion overrides it. As the noted French entertainer Maurice Chevalier once quipped, “Many a man has fallen in love with a girl in a light so dim he would not have chosen a suit by it.” Of course, the same goes for women. And so there are myriad relationships in which “the falcon cannot hear the falconer” and “things fall apart.” (With due credit to Poet W. B. Yeats.) Besides being subservient to the emotion, the brain is also flawed because the sensors it relies on are themselves unreliable. Though we tend to trust our senses, they are largely untrustworthy. Our capacity to see, hear, smell, taste and feel are all readily compromised by the context. The other day, I was sitting next to someone who was fanning herself furiously. Out of concern, I went to adjust the thermostat in the room. To my surprise, it was reading 70 F, a whole five degrees below what is deemed the ideal temperature. As I sat back down, she leaned over and whispered, “It is me.” She explained that she had just dealt with an unnerving situation; hence her internal heat. Even our eyes are unreliable. And this cannot be more evident than from watching basketball games. The guards typically look like short people standing next to the centres. The impression doesn’t necessarily go away after the commenters identify the guards as 6-foot 2-inche stall or thereabout. In our daily lives, such perception results in insatiable expectations. What we have would tend to seem inadequate when others have so much more. The human experience would be so much less problematic had the brain been less flawed. But then — talk of insatiable — who are we to complain about having the best brain that nature enables? We just need to reckon with its limitations. Saying goodbye to queen of the skies It is said that you never forget your first love. The same may be true of your first flight. And so it is with a touch of loss that I read on Wednesday that the Boeing 747 might soon seize to fly. With a head that looks like a blowfish, it is not the most aesthetic plane to behold. But that’s what makes it look so majestic and awe-inspiring. The first time I boarded that plane was on a British Airways flight from Lagos to London en route to the United States. It wasn’t strictly-speaking my first flight given the short hop from Port Harcourt to Lagos, but it felt that way. I remember being awestruck by the sheer size and a front-end that towers above, with the cockpit perched on top. The inside looked like a neatly designed large hall with rows of seats that stretched beyond what the eyes could readily see. I remember also wondering how the behemoth could lift up. And after much waiting because of the long customs process, the plane surely started to lumber toward the take-off point. To my surprise, it didn’t taxi for long or up to much speed before the nose tipped upward and its four powerful engines thrust it into the skies. The Boeing 747’s pending retirement is not because of age, but of cost. A number of other jumbo jets have since been put into service by Boeing itself and fierce competitor Airbus. These planes are less costly to operate because they are powered by two efficient engines rather than the 747’s four. I should have known the end was near for the plane that came to be known as the queen of the skies when it became rare to spot at airports. In fact, I don’t remember the last time I flew in it. Still, it is with fondness that I say goodbye. Copyright PUNCH. All rights reserved. This material, and other digital content on this website, may not be reproduced, published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed in whole or in part without prior express written permission from PUNCH. Contact: [email protected] Share Tweet Pin it +1 Minabere Ibelema Is terrorism victorious? Trump and the steam effect Protesters and barbaric soldiers A break from adulthood Trump: The Czar of America Osinbajo more Buharist than Buhari Trending PHOTOS: Apostle Suleman loved up with his wife Dino Melaye’s name missing from ABU alumni website Togo police locked up Fela for refusing to switch on his car headlamps — Benson Idonijie Why Nigerians are denied entry at US airports – envoy Soldiers beat businessman to death in Ogun Family Spice Special Features Education Vox Pop Sex & Relationship Letters Privacy Policy Advertise punchng.com © 1971-2017 The Punch newspaper
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #TelecomWars #Demonetisation #ElectionResults2017 #GST #AssemblyElections2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » PTI Stories » National » News Two dead in cyclonic storm in Malda Delhi Police seize over Rs 1.25 crore cash Business Standard Third Airbus plane purchased by Iran lands in Tehran AP  |  Tehran  March 25, 2017 Last Updated at 21:28 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UUH7xc ALSO READ Iran bans travel of US wrestlers to Iran Iran defeats US at freestyle wrestling world cup Arjun-Shlok win men's doubles title in Iran Iran, NKorea officials: Let's strengthen relationship Iran arrests corruption fugitive after international manhunt Iran's official IRNA news agency is reporting that the third of the 100 planes it purchased from Airbus following a landmark nuclear with world powers has joined its commercial fleet. The now Iran Air A330 jet landed in Tehran today after a flight from Toulouse, France, home to the headquarters of the European consortium. It has 32 business and 206 economy class seats. Iran Air received its first and the second planes from Airbus in January and March. Iran's flag carrier sealed a deal with Airbus in December for 100 planes. It separately reached an agreement to buy 80 planes from Boeing. Most of Iran's 250 commercial planes were purchased before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. In 2016, only about two thirds of them were operational because spare part shortages. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On National News | International News | Iran | Pti Stories | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Banking conveinience on the go, anytime...anywhere Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Lavish 3 & 4 BHK in Khar, Mumbai @ 6.9 Cr* Onwards Start Free* Trading in Share Market for 1st Month Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Luxury 3 & 4 BHK in BKC, Mumbai @ 6.4 Cr* Onwards Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance 0* Brokerage for 1st Mnth Trading &100% Free* Demat A/c New to investing in shares? Main Jahan, Mera Bank Wahan New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Third Airbus plane purchased by Iran lands in Tehran Iran's official IRNA news agency is reporting that the third of the 100 planes it purchased from Airbus following a landmark nuclear with world powers has joined its commercial fleet. The now Iran Air A330 jet landed in Tehran today after a flight from Toulouse, France, home to the headquarters of the European consortium. It has 32 business and 206 economy class seats. Iran Air received its first and the second planes from Airbus in January and March. Iran's flag carrier sealed a deal with Airbus in December for 100 planes. It separately reached an agreement to buy 80 planes from Boeing. Most of Iran's 250 commercial planes were purchased before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. In 2016, only about two thirds of them were operational because spare part shortages. Iran's official IRNA news agency is reporting that the third of the 100 planes it purchased from Airbus following a landmark nuclear with world powers has joined its commercial fleet. The now Iran Air A330 jet landed in Tehran today after a flight from Toulouse, France, home to the headquarters of the European consortium. It has 32 business and 206 economy class seats. Iran Air received its first and the second planes from Airbus in January and March. Iran's flag carrier sealed a deal with Airbus in December for 100 planes. It separately reached an agreement to buy 80 planes from Boeing. Most of Iran's 250 commercial planes were purchased before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. In 2016, only about two thirds of them were operational because spare part shortages. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Third Airbus plane purchased by Iran lands in Tehran Iran's official IRNA news agency is reporting that the third of the 100 planes it purchased from Airbus following a landmark nuclear with world powers has joined its commercial fleet. The now Iran Air A330 jet landed in Tehran today after a flight from Toulouse, France, home to the headquarters of the European consortium. It has 32 business and 206 economy class seats. Iran Air received its first and the second planes from Airbus in January and March. Iran's flag carrier sealed a deal with Airbus in December for 100 planes. It separately reached an agreement to buy 80 planes from Boeing. Most of Iran's 250 commercial planes were purchased before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. In 2016, only about two thirds of them were operational because spare part shortages. (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) AP Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) - SA 314/10 (89.2) Live IND 248/6 (91) - AUS 300/10 (88.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home World Third Airbus plane purchased by Iran lands in Tehran Shares1 Sat, 25 Mar 2017-09:29pm , PTI Iran's official IRNA news agency is reporting that the third of the 100 planes it purchased from Airbus following a landmark nuclear with world powers has joined its commercial fleet. The now Iran Air A330 jet landed in Tehran today after a flight from Toulouse, France, home to the headquarters of the European consortium. It has 32 business and 206 economy class seats. Iran Air received its first and the second planes from Airbus in January and March. Iran's flag carrier sealed a deal with Airbus in December for 100 planes. It separately reached an agreement to buy 80 planes from Boeing. Most of Iran's 250 commercial planes were purchased before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. In 2016, only about two thirds of them were operational because spare part shortages. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Britain reviewing security at parliament after deadly UK Parliament attack World On Bangladesh's Independence Day, Sheikh Hasina tells militants: Return to mainstream World Ohio nightclub shooting: Gunman who killed one and injured 14 still at large World Beijing-backed Carrie Lam becomes first female leader of Hong Kong World Bangladesh: Fresh explosions rock building occupied by militants World Brutal takedown: Arnold Schwarzenegger blasts out troll who made fun of Special Olympics Live Cricket Score Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) NZ trail by 247 runs SA 314/10 (89.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live IND 248/6 (91) IND trail by 52 runs AUS 300/10 (88.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary West Indies vs Pakistan Sun, 26 March 2017, 10:00 PM IST Video WATCH | Earth Hour 2017: Cities around the world plunge into darkness to bring light to climate change WATCH | Lights Out! 10 years of Earth Hour Watch: Classical Indian Odissi dancers groove to Ed Sheeran's Shape of You! View all Tags Iran Air Airbus Boeing France Tehran Toulouse IRNA Islamic Revolution SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News No out-of-court settlement with Modi, Yogi at helm: BMAC RSS making false propaganda about Kerala clashes: Yechury Ties with China, Russia won't affect US relations: Pak Trump ally Stone offers to testify in Russian meddling probe AAP leader writes to Home Minister over threats in courtroom Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Lyon's extra bounce was the big difference: Chappell Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Someone tried to be over smart with Karan Johar. KJo's response is BADASS and we love it! Baahubali 2 breaks barriers again, becomes first Indian movie to have a live Virtual Reality event! Kapil Sharma vs Sunil Grover: Here's what Bharti Singh has to say about the whole fiasco Legal trouble for Kamal Haasan post his remark on Mahabharata First look of Sushant Singh Rajput's 'Romeo Akbar Walter' out Money No idea of introudcing new denomination notes at present: RBI Coal India announces 2nd interim dividend for 2016-17 Rly to have integrated software for instant data collection Can suspend auto exchange if confidentiality breached: Swiss ESIC today launched Mobile Clinic Services in AP, Telangana Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 227% 68% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 98% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 47% 31% Returns as of 3/20/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2016 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Who is The Motley Fool? About Us Foolanthropy Fool.com Site Help Media Inquiries Contact Us Fool Podcasts Motley Fool Money Marketfoolery Industry Focus Motley Fool Answers Rule Breaker Investing Social Media + Facebook Twitter Discussion Boards CAPS - Stock Picking Community Login Search Search: Can Tesla and Uber Learn from Ford's Mistake? Major automakers can learn a lot from Tesla and Uber, but the flip side is also true. Here's one thing Tesla and Uber can learn from Ford's long history. Daniel Miller (TMFTwoCoins) Mar 25, 2017 at 11:21AM Two of the most polarizing companies in recent years are Tesla (NASDAQ:TSLA) and Uber. The two, in their own respective ways, have flipped the automotive industry on its head, and, along with other technology companies, have set the industry on a path to evolve wildly over the next two decades. Uber was a wake up call to major automakers, such as Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F), on ways to expand its top line without a traditional vehicle sale. And Tesla showed automakers electric vehicles are a viable business if you develop a strong product and brand. However, what is becoming clear is that Tesla and Uber have something important they can learn from Ford: Corporate culture matters. Tesla's upcoming Model 3. Image source: Tesla Motors. What's going on? Uber's public relations team has put in some work lately with multiple stories regarding company executives and treatment of employees. Here's a snippet from Susan Fowler's blog post, a former Uber employee, about her time there and the culture she witnessed. I remember countless meetings with my managers and skip-levels where I would sit there, not saying anything, and the manager would be boasting about finding favor with their skip-level and that I should expect them to have their manager's job within a quarter or two. I also remember a very disturbing team meeting in which one of the directors boasted to our team that he had withheld business-critical information from one of the executives so that he could curry favor with one of the other executives (and, he told us with a smile on his face, it worked!)." Also within Susan's post are allegations of sexual harassment and apathy from HR regarding the allegations. There's also a video of Uber CEO Travis Kalanick berating an Uber driver earlier this year. Just recently, respected Uber President Jeff Jones quit his position after only six months at the company because the controversies aren't what he signed up for. Meanwhile, Tesla is having issues of its own. The promising electric vehicle automaker has witnessed a string of executive departures over the past year, which is far from ideal as the company inches toward the launch of the company's incredibly important Model 3. Former Tesla CFO Jason Wheeler's recent departure is only the latest of defects and many others have cited long hours, difficult production goals, and a tense culture fostered by the company's brilliant, but demanding, CEO, Elon Musk. "Any time you're going through a big change it's important to have consistent management," Colin Langan, a UBS analyst, told Bloomberg. "Jason Wheeler was a big hire and he's leaving, and there have been many other departures. If you're putting out aggressive targets and the people aren't there to meet them, it's a problem." A trip down memory lane Let's rewind a second, as many investors have forgotten how broken Ford's culture was in decades past. Ford was notorious for its toxic culture with executives putting their own advancement above their own departments and company as a whole. It created a culture of backstabbing, undermining, and anything but working together for the greater good. Left: Alan Mulally. Middle: Bill Ford. Right: Mark Fields. Image source: Ford Motor Company. The result was a cutthroat, careerist culture that didn't produce results and culminated in a company that had failed product designs, failed business strategies, and little leadership. Its stock price was declining, its debt was junk rated, and it was about to get much worse as the looming Great Recession was just around the corner. In 2006, Alan Mulally, a former star executive at Boeing, took over the struggling Detroit automaker and pulled off a miracle getting the automaker through the Great Recession without taxpayer money. Mulally and his team fostered a culture that encouraged teamwork, consolidated and simplified the company's strategies, and produced vehicles people actually wanted to buy. It was a wildly successful turnaround and the cornerstone of its success was driven by Mulally fixing the toxic culture -- and that might be the most important thing Tesla and Uber can learn from an automaker that's been in business since 1903. I'm not saying the CEO's need to go, quite the opposite, they need to take a page out of Mulally's book and fix the culture they started. Daniel Miller owns shares of Ford. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Ford and Tesla. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel Miller (TMFTwoCoins) As a Motley Fool Industrial Specialist, I use my marketing and business background in the automotive industry to evaluate major automakers and other large industrial corporations. Follow me on twitter for tweets about stocks, cars, sports, and anything I find amusing. Follow @DanielMillerTMF Article Info Mar 25, 2017 at 11:21AM Industrials Stocks Ford NYSE:F $11.62 down $0.05 (-0.43%) Tesla NASDAQ:TSLA $263.16 up $8.38 (3.29%) Read More 4 New Must-Read Quotes From Tesla, Inc. CEO Elon Musk Tesla, Inc. Makes Up Its Mind: Time to Raise Capital How Tesla Can Fix Its Flawed Solar Business How Many Vehicles Will Tesla, Inc. Deliver in Q1? Ahead of Its Model 3, Tesla to Discontinue Cheapest Model S Version Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Can Tesla and Uber Learn from Ford's Mistake? @themotleyfool #stocks $F, $TSLA
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News MoP on appointments: Govt gets one ok, SC agrees to age criterion for HC judges Won’t touch abattoirs with licence, says UP CM Yogi Adityanath To check donations in cash to parties, EC seeks Rs 20 crore cap Amit Shah launches battle, ‘local polls first step to uproot AAP’ CJI rejects delay claims: ‘Let govt keep to eco norms, won’t step in’ Gujarat student clash turns communal, one dead From chicken shops to snack sellers, I-T knock on Surat doors Home World Third plane bought under sanctions deal arrives in Iran Third plane bought under sanctions deal arrives in Iran The country has not directly purchased a Western-built plane in nearly 40 years, the one exception being the sale of an Airbus to replace one shot down by the U.S. Navy in 1988. By: Reuters | Dubai | Published:March 25, 2017 8:42 pm Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has been successful in ending international sanctions by reaching a deal with world powers. (File Photo) An Airbus A330 airliner arrived in Tehran on Saturday, the third of 200 Western-built passenger aircraft ordered by IranAir following the lifting of sanctions on Iran last year. The long-haul A330-200 landed at Tehran’s Mehrabad airport, the official news agency IRNA reported, as flag-carrier IranAir tries to renew its decaying fleet. The aircraft joins another A330 and a smaller A321 delivered to Iran earlier this year by Airbus. Airbus was not immediately available for comment. Iran’s pragmatist president Hassan Rouhani’s success in ending international sanctions by reaching a deal with world powers has also intensified tensions ahead of May presidential elections with hardliners, who have criticised the deal for a lack of tangible economic benefits since sanctions were lifted. Iran has ordered 100 airliners from European planemaker Airbus and 80 from Boeing and is in talks to finalise a deal to buy 20 turboprop aircraft from ATR, jointly owned by Airbus and Italy’s Leonardo Finmeccanica. The country has not directly purchased a Western-built plane in nearly 40 years, the one exception being the sale of an Airbus to replace one shot down by the U.S. Navy in 1988. Uncertainty remains over the timing of the rest of the orders as banks shy away from deals with Iran, fearing a “snapback” of international sanctions or U.S. fines if they are deemed to be breaking U.S. sanctions that remain in force. For all the latest World News, download Indian Express App now Best of Express Yogi Adityanath asks BJP functionaries to shun contracts EntertainmentBaahubali 2 movie pre-release event live updates: SS Rajamouli is offering a 360-degree view. Watch live streaming EntertainmentThe Kapil Sharma Show: 5 moments from its recent episode that prove it has no future without Sunil Grover EntertainmentBeyhadh 2: Jennifer Winget shares new promo showing Maya’s obsession for Arjun. But why did she delete it? EntertainmentPhillauri: Anushka Sharma-Diljit Dosanjh film is a love story we don't get to see everyday Must Read SportsIndia fail to keep pace as Lyon roars for Australia SportsDisappointed to not convert starts: KL Rahul SportsUnbelievable to be evenly poised after Day 2: Lyon TechnologyReliance Jio Prime subscription deadline to be extended by a month: Report TechnologyBaselworld 2017: Highlights from the world's largest watch and jewellery trade show TechnologyNokia 150 Dual SIM now available in India; priced at Rs 2059 LifestyleIn a path-breaking discovery, scientists turn spinach leaves into beating heart tissues Mar 26: Latest News Objective is to rid India of casteism, corruption, Cong, says Amit Shah Slaughterhouses crackdown: Meat sellers in UP to go on indefinite strike from Monday Not laddos or pedha, this Chennai temple distributes brownies, burgers and sandwiches as prasad! Virbhadra Singh warns of legal action over ‘false allegation’ by BJP leaders South African woman held with drugs worth Rs 1.47 crore in Mumbai                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Budget Highlights Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » International Business News » Third plane bought under sanctions deal arrives in Iran SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM Luxury hotels better off this year than in 2015: Experts Apple's 'conditions' to manufacture iPhones in India Netflix joins hands with Red Chillies Entertainment CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Apple unveils red iPhone Exclusive with Airbnb CEO Idea, Vodafone merger GST inches closer to July 1 rollout Paytm launches mobile payment services Third plane bought under sanctions deal arrives in Iran AIRBUS-IRANAIR/ (PIX, TV):Third plane bought under sanctions deal arrives in IranReuters | Mar 25, 2017, 07.30 PM IST DUBAI, March 25 (Reuters) - An Airbus A330 airliner arrived in Tehran on Saturday, the third of 200 Western-built passenger aircraft ordered by IranAir following the lifting of sanctions on Iran last year. The long-haul A330-200 landed at Tehran's Mehrabad airport, the official news agency IRNA reported, as flag-carrier IranAir tries to renew its decaying fleet. The aircraft joins another A330 and a smaller A321 delivered to Iran earlier this year by Airbus. Airbus was not immediately available for comment. Iran's pragmatist president Hassan Rouhani's success in ending international sanctions by reaching a deal with world powers has also intensified tensions ahead of May presidential elections with hardliners, who have criticised the deal for a lack of tangible economic benefits since sanctions were lifted. Iran has ordered 100 airliners from European planemaker Airbus and 80 from Boeing and is in talks to finalise a deal to buy 20 turboprop aircraft from ATR, jointly owned by Airbus and Italy's Leonardo Finmeccanica. The country has not directly purchased a Western-built plane in nearly 40 years, the one exception being the sale of an Airbus to replace one shot down by the U.S. Navy in 1988. Uncertainty remains over the timing of the rest of the orders as banks shy away from deals with Iran, fearing a "snapback" of international sanctions or U.S. fines if they are deemed to be breaking U.S. sanctions that remain in force. (Reporting by Dubai newsroom, Additional reporting by Tim Hepher in Paris; Editing by Mark Potter) Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. (This story has not been edited by timesofindia.com and is auto–generated from a syndicated feed we subscribe to.) RELATED From around the web What She Did With An Old Cooler Is Genius HeadCramp George Clooney Shows Off His Brand New $15 Million Home Lonny 15 Youngest Female Billionaires In The World Little Fries More from The Times of India Mollywood's lesbian outing Jayasudha's husband Nitin Kapoor commits suicide Humour: FB Wall of Kejriwal after losing Punjab From the Web More From The Times of India 10 Places To Retire and Pay Almost No TaxesBusinessAdviceSource.com Her Dress At The Emmys After Party Left The Crowd SpeechlessLivingly His Insane Backyard Pool Idea is Actually Genius (Pics)Grizly Check Out These Top Crossover SUVsNew Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Psoriasis: What Triggers Symptoms and How Are They Treated..WebMD Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India 22-year-old becomes youngest IIT teacher - Times of India ‘Sleep with a brahmin to rid yourself of doshas' Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India ‘Tharoor as PM’ campaign launched ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular London attack: What made Khalid turn terrorist? US visa, getting it is not going to be any easier Sena MP who assaulted AI staffer remains defiant: 10 developments 10 Shockingly High Paying Graduate College Degrees Ad: BuzzJungle 13 Weirdest Hotels You Can Stay in for Fun Ad: Viral Vacation Ideas SEBI accuses RIL of fraud; fined Rs 447 crore plus interest RIL made unlawful gains of Rs 513 crore and issues showcause notice to 13 companies. SEBI has asked RIL to pay Rs 447 crore plus interest within 45 days and barred RIL from equity derivative trade in F&O for 1 year. Yes Bank QIP oversubscribed, final pricing likely at Rs 1,500 Yes Bank has managed to garner more than $2.2 billion from institutional investors across the globe for its qualified institutional placement (QIP) that kicked off last evening. From around the Web The Most Addicting Shopping Site For Women Tophatter Search Our Directory For Windows 10 Compatible Software Microsoft Send your Kid to Coding Camp! Lenovo GameState The Amazing Story Behind Your Last Name. It Will Shock You Ancestry More From The Times of India White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl Times of India Why do you ask when I’ll die, Jethmalani asks SC Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Times of India Read Moreu s navyTim HepherTehranReutersParis Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Thousands demonstrate in London against leaving the EU Spanish court throws out Iberdrola claim against Bankia over IPO Syrian rebels resume evacuation of Homs - governor For Trump, it was the lost art of the deal 1Third plane bought under sanctions deal arrives in Iran 2Thousands demonstrate in London against leaving the EU 3Spanish court throws out Iberdrola claim against Bankia over IPO 4Syrian rebels resume evacuation of Homs - governor 5For Trump, it was the lost art of the deal Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Shiv Sena Yogi Adityanath MCD Elections 2017 Arvind Kejriwal Kuldeep Yadav India vs Australia Live Score: India vs Aus Ravindra Gaikwad Earth Hour Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Arvind Kejriwal Ind vs Aus Live Score Air India Yogi Adityanath Breaking News Sensex Kollywood News Tollywood News Mollywood News Trending topics Shiv Sena MP Live Cricket Score Yogi Adityanath Kuldeep Yadav Ind vs Aus 4th test PM Modi Katamarayudu Collection Katamarayudu Review Phillauri Review Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 29° Air Quality: PSI 40-57 We set you thinking Sunday 26 March 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Asia Australia Americas Europe Middle East Africa Quirky World newstream World M'sia cops take Kim Jong-nam's remains out of mortuary for 'religious rite' 1490542020 World Trump blames party hardliners for health debacle, as more battles loom 1490541120 Singapore Funds in 48 hours for kids in distressed families 1490538720 World Britain reviewing security at parliament after deadly attack 1490535170 World Ivory Coast boosts port security over attack threat 1490536159 World Erdogan setting back integration in Germany by years: Schaeuble 1490536753 Business OPEC, non-OPEC to look at extending oil-output cut by six months 1490537411 World Russian police detain opposition leader, dozens of protesters 1490535753 Singapore Better coordination ‘the key to better help community’ 1490538720 China&India Carrie Lam is HK’s first female Chief Exec, but she faces a tough task ahead 1490509320 Singapore Values, ties shared by France, S’pore ‘more vital than ever’ 1490535960 World Thailand kicks off drive to rebrand ‘sex capital’ Pattaya 1490521260 Sports Albirex and Yuhua extend partnership for fifth year 1490537100 World France's Fillon 'very likely' wiretapped, ally says 1490531520 World Egyptian court jails 56 over migrant boat shipwreck 1490532830 World Iraqi military says 61 bodies found in Mosul district, combat around key mosque 1490532437 World French center-right senators back Macron's presidential bid 1490532846 World Islamic State warns Syrian dam at risk of collapse 1490529556 World Russian police detain opposition leader Navalny at Moscow protest 1490528506 World Sweden hotel offers refund — only if you get divorced 1490533011 Business No bank account, no problem for remittance recipients in Indonesia 1490517060 Singapore New exercise campaign for seniors launched 1490531811 Sports New start-point, flag-off time for Cold Storage Kids Run's 10th anniversary edition 1490531100 World U.S.-backed Syrian militia makes gains against Islamic State 1490526755 Singapore More firms hiring those with mental health issues 1490530319 World You will know who the culprit is soon: Sultan of Johor 1490529411 World Iran sanctions 15 U.S. firms, citing human rights and Israel ties 1490522370 World Indonesians’ taste for dog meat is growing, even as others shun it 1490525811 World UK police still think Westminster attacker acted alone 1490525515 World At least two shooters involved in Ohio nightclub shooting 1490522760 World Germans in tiny Saarland vote in big test for Merkel 1490519316 World Communal strife in home state of India's Modi kills one, 14 hurt 1490512708 World Hong Kong's leader-elect Carrie Lam says first task is to reduce social tensions 1490513099 World Hong Kong chooses new Beijing-backed leader amid political tension 1490515939 Sports Vettel wins Australian Grand Prix 1490512560 World Snap election to test Bulgaria's divided loyalties 1490510777 World North Korea’s ambition seen in a bid to breach global banks 1490511412 Lifestyle How learning to be a better father changed my life 1490345160 Entertainment Reynolds and Fisher honoured with humour, music and dance 1490509319 World Vietnamese detainee dies in Japan's immigration center: sources 1490500562 World Chinese authorities block Sydney academic from boarding flight home 1490498027 World Mexican leftist casts shadow over Mexican banking convention 1490497973 Huse, Holton win OSIM Sundown Marathon as event draws 27,000 runners 1490499600 Sports Huse, Holton win Sundown Marathon as event draws 27,000 runners 1490498040 Business Bargains galore for cruise trippers in Singapore 1490439060 Business Become rich on S$10 a day 1490435760 World U.S. strike kills an al Qaeda 'leader' in Afghanistan: Pentagon 1490493141 World German SPD draws level with Merkel's conservatives, poll shows 1490490101 World Bangladesh bomb blasts kill six, scores injured 1490492081 Sports Quah Zheng Wen wins first-ever NCAA medal with silver in 200-yard fly 1490488680 World Third plane bought under sanctions deal arrives in Iran mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 10:30 PM, March 25, 2017 DUBAI - An Airbus <AIR.PA> A330 airliner arrived in Tehran on Saturday, the third of 200 Western-built passenger aircraft ordered by IranAir following the lifting of sanctions on Iran last year. The long-haul A330-200 landed at Tehran's Mehrabad airport, the official news agency IRNA reported, as flag-carrier IranAir tries to renew its decaying fleet. The aircraft joins another A330 and a smaller A321 delivered to Iran earlier this year by Airbus. Airbus was not immediately available for comment. Iran's pragmatist president Hassan Rouhani's success in ending international sanctions by reaching a deal with world powers has also intensified tensions ahead of May presidential elections with hardliners, who have criticized the deal for a lack of tangible economic benefits since sanctions were lifted. Iran has ordered 100 airliners from European planemaker Airbus and 80 from Boeing <BA.N> and is in talks to finalize a deal to buy 20 turboprop aircraft from ATR, jointly owned by Airbus and Italy's Leonardo Finmeccanica <LDOF.MI>. The country has not directly purchased a Western-built plane in nearly 40 years, the one exception being the sale of an Airbus to replace one shot down by the U.S. Navy in 1988. Uncertainty remains over the timing of the rest of the orders as banks shy away from deals with Iran, fearing a "snapback" of international sanctions or U.S. fines if they are deemed to be breaking U.S. sanctions that remain in force. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most World READ COMMENTED ﻿From Trump’s Mar-a-Lago to Facebook, a national security crisis in the open ‘Zombie’ birds fall from sky in Moscow ‘You’re fat’ card prompts London police action ‘Wrong way down the highway’ driver arrested after US crash that killed six ‘Worst is over’ for Brazil’s meat scandal: Minister ‘Worst is over’ for Brazil’s meat scandal: Minister ‘I want my family to eat’: Children fuel Myanmar’s economic boom Zimbabwe opposition demand U.N.-conducted vote, police out in force You will know who the culprit is soon: Sultan of Johor Yemen's warring parties should protect ports, not U.N.: spokesman Yemen orphanage braves nearby air strikes Year on from bombings, Brussels remains on alert World has just months to stop starvation in Yemen, Somalia: Red Cross Witness: At the scene of the London attack Wild elephants trapped in muddy bomb crater for 4 days rescued Inside Today World M'sia cops take Kim Jong-nam's remains out of mortuary for 'religious rite' Trump blames party hardliners for health debacle, as more battles loom Erdogan setting back integration in Germany by years: Schaeuble Ivory Coast boosts port security over attack threat Russian police detain opposition leader, dozens of protesters Business OPEC, non-OPEC to look at extending oil-output cut by six months No bank account, no problem for remittance recipients in Indonesia Uber suspends self-driving car program after Arizona crash Chinese court rules in favor of Apple in local design patent disputes Tesco nearing deal with Serious Fraud Office over accounting scandal: Sky Sports Albirex and Yuhua extend partnership for fifth year New start-point, flag-off time for Cold Storage Kids Run's 10th anniversary edition Vettel wins Australian Grand Prix Huse, Holton win Sundown Marathon as event draws 27,000 runners Quah Zheng Wen wins first-ever NCAA medal with silver in 200-yard fly Entertainment Reynolds and Fisher honoured with humour, music and dance Alone in the wild for a year, TV contestants learn their show was cancelled No change to Star Wars sequel despite Fisher’s death Arts House celebrates 13th  birthday with a rocking party Dead dictators draw Hong Kong art crowds About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
March 26, 2017 0348 GMT Home Iran Africa Asia Europe International U.S. Middle East Culture Business Health Sport Society Video News ID:189831 Publish Date: Sat, 25 Mar 2017 19:10:29 GMT Service: Iran Third Airbus plane purchased by Iran lands in Tehran Iran's third of the 100 planes it purchased from Airbus following a landmark nuclear deal with world powers landed at Mehrabad International Airport in Tehran on Saturday afternoon. The Iran Air A330 jet landed in Tehran after a flight from Toulouse, France, home to the headquarters of the European consortium, IRNA reported. It has 32 business and 206 economy class seats. Iran Air received its first and the second planes from Airbus in January and March. Iran's flag carrier sealed a deal with Airbus in December for 100 planes. It separately reached an agreement to buy 80 planes from Boeing. Most of Iran's 250 commercial planes were purchased before the 1979 Islamic Revolution.      KeyWords Airbus Iran third   Comments Comment Name: Email: Comment: Security Key: Latest News Registration for Iran councils elections enters final day Central Bank of Iran slams, to contest Luxembourg assets seizure American war crimes in Mosul should be trialed: Shamkhani Iran urges 'war crime' hearing into US killings in Mosul Iran announces sanctions on 15 US companies Third Airbus plane purchased by Iran lands in Tehran Registration for Iran’s City, Village Council Elections underway Swedish firm finds novel way for Iran business Indian appeals court acquits Iranian aid worker of manslaughter charges Pakistan to give Iran gas talks another shot Most Visited www.irandailyonline.com All rights reserved by iran Daily Online Copyright Page Generated in 0/0650 sec
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) - SA 314/10 (89.2) Live IND 248/6 (91) - AUS 300/10 (88.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home World Third plane bought under sanctions deal arrives in Iran Shares1 Sat, 25 Mar 2017-07:34pm , Reuters An Airbus A330 airliner arrived in Tehran on Saturday, the third of 200 Western-built passenger aircraft ordered by IranAir following the lifting of sanctions on Iran last year. The long-haul A330-200 landed at Tehran's Mehrabad airport, the official news agency IRNA reported, as flag-carrier IranAir tries to renew its decaying fleet. The aircraft joins another A330 and a smaller A321 delivered to Iran earlier this year by Airbus. Airbus was not immediately available for comment. Iran's pragmatist president Hassan Rouhani's success in ending international sanctions by reaching a deal with world powers has also intensified tensions ahead of May presidential elections with hardliners, who have criticised the deal for a lack of tangible economic benefits since sanctions were lifted. Iran has ordered 100 airliners from European planemaker Airbus and 80 from Boeing and is in talks to finalise a deal to buy 20 turboprop aircraft from ATR, jointly owned by Airbus and Italy's Leonardo Finmeccanica. The country has not directly purchased a Western-built plane in nearly 40 years, the one exception being the sale of an Airbus to replace one shot down by the U.S. Navy in 1988. Uncertainty remains over the timing of the rest of the orders as banks shy away from deals with Iran, fearing a "snapback" of international sanctions or U.S. fines if they are deemed to be breaking U.S. sanctions that remain in force. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP   Comments   Also Read World Britain reviewing security at parliament after deadly UK Parliament attack World On Bangladesh's Independence Day, Sheikh Hasina tells militants: Return to mainstream World Ohio nightclub shooting: Gunman who killed one and injured 14 still at large World Beijing-backed Carrie Lam becomes first female leader of Hong Kong World Bangladesh: Fresh explosions rock building occupied by militants World Brutal takedown: Arnold Schwarzenegger blasts out troll who made fun of Special Olympics Next Article > DMK trying to topple govt by encouraging support for OPS, alleges AIADMK 's TTV Dinakaran Live Cricket Score Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) NZ trail by 247 runs SA 314/10 (89.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live IND 248/6 (91) IND trail by 52 runs AUS 300/10 (88.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary West Indies vs Pakistan Sun, 26 March 2017, 10:00 PM IST Next node DMK trying to topple govt by encouraging support for OPS, alleges AIADMK 's TTV Dinakaran Related Austria to sue Airbus over alleged Eurofighter fraud No time to create walls between nations, says Iran's Hassan Rouhani China debuts J-20 stealth jet in show of strength at country's biggest expo Video WATCH | Earth Hour 2017: Cities around the world plunge into darkness to bring light to climate change WATCH | Lights Out! 10 years of Earth Hour Watch: Classical Indian Odissi dancers groove to Ed Sheeran's Shape of You! View all Tags Airbus Boeing Finmeccanica Hassan Rouhani Tehran Mehrabad U. S. Navy ATR IRNA SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Ties with China, Russia won't affect US relations: Pak Trump ally Stone offers to testify in Russian meddling probe AAP leader writes to Home Minister over threats in courtroom Normal life in Manipur paralysed in strike against MLA Govt to take up case of 'abandoned' German patient in Kolkata Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Lyon's extra bounce was the big difference: Chappell Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Someone tried to be over smart with Karan Johar. KJo's response is BADASS and we love it! Baahubali 2 breaks barriers again, becomes first Indian movie to have a live Virtual Reality event! Kapil Sharma vs Sunil Grover: Here's what Bharti Singh has to say about the whole fiasco Legal trouble for Kamal Haasan post his remark on Mahabharata First look of Sushant Singh Rajput's 'Romeo Akbar Walter' out Money No idea of introudcing new denomination notes at present: RBI Coal India announces 2nd interim dividend for 2016-17 Rly to have integrated software for instant data collection Can suspend auto exchange if confidentiality breached: Swiss ESIC today launched Mobile Clinic Services in AP, Telangana Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: TRICARE reforms?•Trump budget imbroglio•Improving Air Force readiness•ICE needs 10K agents Headlines Get Email Alerts World News Home » The Associated Press » World News » Third Airbus plane purchased… Third Airbus plane purchased by Iran lands in Tehran By master and The Associated Press March 25, 2017 9:44 am < a min read Share TEHRAN, Iran (AP) — Iran’s official IRNA news agency is reporting that the third of the 100 planes it purchased from Airbus following a landmark nuclear with world powers has joined its commercial fleet. The now Iran Air A330 jet landed in Tehran Saturday after a flight from Toulouse, France, home to the headquarters of the European consortium. It has 32 business and 206 economy class seats. Online Chat: Beth Killoran, deputy assistant secretary for Information Technology and chief information officer at HHS, on March 28. Iran Air received its first and the second planes from Airbus in January and March. Advertisement Iran’s flag carrier sealed a deal with Airbus in December for 100 planes. It separately reached an agreement to buy 80 planes from Boeing. Most of Iran’s 250 commercial planes were purchased before the 1979 Islamic Revolution. In 2016, only about two thirds of them were operational because spare part shortages. Topics: All News World News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » World News » Third Airbus plane purchased… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1958: Elvis Presley inducted into the U.S. Army Federal News Radio presents a daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Photo of the Day Students pilot a bomb disposal robot Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Top Stories OPM tells agencies how to get ready for workforce reorganization, furloughs Top Story With White House 2017 budget amendment, time is on civilian agencies’ side Budget Presidential nominees cannot serve as acting leaders, Supreme Court rules Agency Oversight TRICARE among big personnel reform suggestions Defense DoD experts advocate dumping civilian unions Defense THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 24, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6930 0.0038 1.39% L 2020 25.1054 0.0073 2.42% L 2030 27.8051 0.0109 3.47% L 2040 29.8529 0.0133 3.99% L 2050 17.0744 0.0083 4.47% G Fund 15.2692 0.0010 0.38% F Fund 17.5973 0.0185 0.94% C Fund 32.4800 -0.0266 5.95% S Fund 42.0464 0.0307 4.66% I Fund 26.3989 0.0716 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Federal News Radio Featured Events, Partnerships, and Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video China's C919 passenger jet moves closer to maiden flight: Xinhua Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Big Story 10 | Sat Mar 25, 2017 | 5:06am EDT China's C919 passenger jet moves closer to maiden flight: Xinhua BEIJING China's C919 passenger jet, the symbol of its lofty aviation ambitions, has passed a major technical assessment, and has moved closer to its first flight, the official Xinhua news agency reported on Saturday. A committee of 63 aviation specialists from across China had agreed the C919 is technically ready for its maiden flight, Xinhua reported, citing the aircraft's Shanghai-based maker Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (COMAC) [CMAFC.UL]. The C919's first flight has been delayed at least twice since 2014 because of production issues. State media reported last month that the jet could take to the skies in the first half of this year. The committee had proven that the C919 was technically airworthy, but the jet was still subject to electromagnetic compatibility and taxiing tests before it could make its first flight, according to Xinhua. The narrow-body aircraft, capable of carrying up to 168 passengers, would be competing with Boeing's new generation 737 and Airbus's updated A320. The C919 has a standard range of 4,075 km. COMAC previously said it had received 570 orders for the C919 passenger jet from 23 customers. (Reporting by Ryan Woo; Editing by Robert Birsel) Next In Big Story 10 Chinese investors create new firm to finalize purchase of AC Milan ROME Chinese investors set to buy AC Milan have created a new company structure in Luxembourg to finalize acquisition of the Serie A soccer club, a spokesman for the consortium said on Saturday. Four-year old migrant girl and mother to be reunited in Italy after months of separation ROME (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - A four-year-old migrant girl who arrived in Italy alone from northern Africa is to be reunited with her mother on Monday, months after a stroke of luck allowed authorities to trace the woman, Italian police said. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad China's C919 passenger jet moves closer to maiden flight - Xinhua By Reuters Published: 04:38 EDT, 25 March 2017 | Updated: 04:38 EDT, 25 March 2017 e-mail BEIJING, March 25 (Reuters) - China's C919 passenger jet, the symbol of its lofty aviation ambitions, has passed a major technical assessment, and has moved closer to its first flight, the official Xinhua news agency reported on Saturday. A committee of 63 aviation specialists from across China had agreed the C919 is technically ready for its maiden flight, Xinhua reported, citing the aircraft's Shanghai-based maker Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (COMAC). The C919's first flight has been delayed at least twice since 2014 because of production issues. State media reported last month that the jet could take to the skies in the first half of this year. The committee had proven that the C919 was technically airworthy, but the jet was still subject to electromagnetic compatibility and taxiing tests before it could make its first flight, according to Xinhua. The narrow-body aircraft, capable of carrying up to 168 passengers, would be competing with Boeing's new generation 737 and Airbus's updated A320. The C919 has a standard range of 4,075 km. COMAC previously said it had received 570 orders for the C919 passenger jet from 23 customers. (Reporting by Ryan Woo; Editing by Robert Birsel) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'I'm thrilled for you': Danielle Bux, 37, finally confirms she is pregnant as she shows off her blossoming baby bump in Mother's Day snap... as ex Gary Lineker is quick to congratulate her Ant & Dec evacuated from Saturday Night Takeaway studios amid security drama after a man 'broke in' following live broadcast EXCLUSIVE: 'He's not for sale!' Cheryl, 33, and Liam Payne, 23, 'turn down huge money deals to protect newborn son's privacy' and will refuse to sell ANY pictures of him 'You are my best friend': Victoria Beckham shares Mother's Day card from daughter Harper as husband David praises the 'amazing mummy' 'I love her beyond measure': Carol Vorderman reveals her mother has been diagnosed with terminal cancer 'It's f***ed up and complicated': Marnie Simpson confesses that she is STILL living with her love rat ex Lewis Bloor... and feels 'weird' bringing people home Can YOU guess the mystery ingredient in these delicious recipes for Welsh rarebit, melting chocolate orange pudding and roast chicken stuffing? SPONSORED 'We hardly see her anymore!' Cheryl's uncle Paul Tweedy reveals he 'just found out' about her new arrival with beau Liam Payne, 23, and admits it's 'about time she was happy' 'We worry, nag, kiss and love!' Geri Horner marks first Mother's Day since giving birth to son Monty in January with sweet snap Va va voom! Kim Kardashian showcases hourglass figure in super sexy beige knit dress Turning heads 'New workout buddy!' Millie Mackintosh flashes her abs in tiny sports bra as she giggles up a storm while enjoying sparring session with beau Hugo Taylor Up in smoke! Top Gear's Matt LeBlanc is forced to abandon Mercedes supercar after spinning it on test track and suffering a blown tyre On or off? Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy clutches her girlfriend Chantelle Connelly's hand as they arrive at a boxing match in Manchester Togetherness Will they pick Alfie or Taylor? Proud new parents Cheryl, 33, and Liam Payne, 23, revealed their favourite baby names before welcoming their son 'I am so so happy for you!': Nadine Coyle is one of the first to congraulate Cheryl on the birth of her baby boy...signalling the end of their Girls Aloud feud Transform your home without marking a single wall! Want to have a spring revamp of your house but worried about your landlord? We show you how SPONSORED 'Love you so much': Nicola Roberts congratulates new mum Cheryl... as Liam Payne's One Direction bandmates continue to stay quiet after baby announcement Benedict Cumberbatch names his second son after Shakespearean hero Hal - who close friend Tom Hiddleston played in BBC drama  'I don't know if I'll ever tour again': Emotional Adele ponders huge decision as she brings curtain down on Australian leg of her international tour All over? Ashley Graham shows off her ample assets in a sparkly bikini as she shares steamy behind the scenes snaps from her Sports Illustrated Swimsuit shoot in Fiji The Night Manager's Tom Hiddleston set to titillate with fresh racy scenes as he 'signs up for second series with Hugh Laurie and Olivia Colman' Jennifer Hudson rocks GAY nightclub in thigh-skimming lace minidress hours after filming The Voice semi final  Jubilant mood 'I would have loved more children': Kate Garraway, 49, says she's 'come to terms' with not having another baby Daughter moaned about her age Son direction! Cheryl gives birth to a baby boy with Liam Payne after months of mystery over her pregnancy  Born at Chelsea and Westminster Hospital  Still just friends? Vogue Williams and Spencer Matthews pucker up for passionate Instagram snap as they enjoy romantic holiday in Paris 'I tell her mummy got burnt': TV star and acid attack survivor Katie Piper opens up about explaining her scars to her daughter, three, and says she's vowed to always be honest with her  Jennifer Lopez looks super chic but fails to raise a smile as she enjoys second date night in a row with new beau A-Rod 'The whole thing is sick!': 'Secret' husband of new Real Housewives of Cheshire star Ester Dee claims her on-screen fiancé is a FAKE and reveals he had no idea she was on the show  'Stuff does go wrong': Pregnant Helen Skelton reveals she is 'more nervous' about the birth of her second child after complications with son Ernie's labour Megan McKenna reduced to tears as her relationship with Pete Wicks reaches breaking point on TOWIE The couple air their frustrations Zendaya puts on a very leggy display as she slips into purple leotard for new movie The Greatest Showman...as on-screen love interest Zac Efron is also spotted on set  She's a big kid at heart! Teri Hatcher dons Minnie Mouse ears for outing with her father at Disneyland Paris Picture of glee Just married! Orange Is The New Black star Samira Wiley ties the knot with writer Lauren Morelli in Palm Springs The 29-year-old actress - who plays Poussey  Caught out! Kelly Rowland's assistant helps out after her red stiletto heel gets stuck... following a day exploring the city with two-year-old son Titan 'I've had three stents implanted': Antonio Banderas admits his January scare was a HEART ATTACK... as he attends Film Festival with girlfriend Nikole  Salmon for breakfast and £75 bottles of champagne: Inside exclusive £5,000 maternity ward where Cheryl gave birth to a baby boy Let's party! Heidi Klum and Katy Perry look sensational in fitted frocks as they lead the stars at Elton John's 70th birthday bash  Sensational White hot! Chantel Jeffries shows ex Justin Bieber what he's missing as she puts on a busty display in skimpy bikini Showing him what he's missing? Model Sarah Syder displays her toned curves in monochrome bikini following 'split' from Jaden Smith after two years of dating Kelly Osbourne lends a supportive hand to mum Sharon as they attend Elton John's birthday bash following her emergency back surgery  'He calls me bloody bumhead!' Adele confesses that her mini-me son Angelo, 4, copies her swearing... and even aims insults at her 'The knighthood gives me f*** all': Sir Elton John says his honour means nothing and his sons are 'the icing on the cake' as he celebrates his 70th birthday Noel the Bake Off judge? The only thing he can make is a bowl of pasta! Friend claims comic does not like cooking in the slightest, despite being chosen to front Channel 4 show Former TOWIE star Abigail Clarke shows off ample cleavage and flash of thigh in tight-fitting shirt dress as she attends launch party in London  One Direction star Louis Tomlinson to learn in days if he'll be prosecuted following airport brawl with a photographer and an onlooker 'It made me feel ill': Stephen Belafonte's brother claims his sibling 'punched' ex Mel B's beloved dog Lord... and also felt 'nervous' about him keeping a GUN in the house  Thandie Newton is sophisticated in a rose gold sequin pencil skirt and pretty florals as she hits Westworld screening in Hollywood Johnny Depp returns as swashbuckling Jack Sparrow alongside Carina Smyth in new trailer for Pirates Of The Caribbean 5 Wood you look at that! Evan Rachel wears retro ruffled shirt and suit as she celebrates Westworld at PaleyFest In Westworld she plays an android Doing it for the frills! Lizzy Cundy puts on a leggy display in a tassel-embellished golden dress as she enjoys night out in London Party girl 'I've never been abusive to anyone': Terrence Howard pleads innocence on Twitter...despite previously admitting to hitting ex-wife Blac Chyna flaunts shapely derriere in skintight mini dress as she celebrates 50lb weight loss goal on Snapchat 'You didn't prepare me': Laura Dern reveals her mother thought her Big Little Lies character was 'a b*tch' to co-star Reese Witherspoon 'This place is incredible!' Katie Price kicks off idyllic Maldives getaway by flaunting her surgically enhanced cleavage in VERY racy lace bikini Yummy mummy! Kelly Rowland flaunts slender frame in figure-hugging skirt as she steps out with adorable son Titan, two, at Australian Grand Prix in Melbourne Lottie Moss ditches her typically sexy style for a sophisticated floral shirt dress and cosy coat for star-studded Raffles boxing event Model, 19, looked typically chic Harry Styles shocks fans with surprise debut single teaser during The Voice... moments after he sent social media into meltdown posting cryptic Instagrams MIC's Stephanie Pratt struggles to protect her modesty while holding on to her tiny dog Max as her dress blows open to reveal her slim legs in windy London Nipping out for the evening! Braless Naomi Campbell, 46, stuns in a semi-sheer lacy gown and matching cape at Hong Kong AmfAR gala Gal pal pamper session! Ashley Greene and Cara Santana get massages at Beverly Hills Nail Design Matching denim outfits 'I don't really need to diet': Phillip Schofield admits the 5:2 taught him to 'eat sensibly'... so he now swears by 'intensive pilates' to keep him fit 'Why is Gary Barlow wearing a suit made out of my gran's living-room wallpaper?' Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway fans crucify Take That's 'carpet and curtains' outfits 'The robbery changed their lifestyle': Kim Kardashian now has security guards '24/7' in wake of Paris heist Guarded every time they leave the house Checkmate! Kendall Jenner flashes toned torso in crop top and flannel as she grabs lunch  Check her out... she's plaid and rad Alesha Dixon puts on a seriously leggy display in olive green suit jacket as she takes to the stage to perform at the Pink Ribbon Ball in Manchester She can't hide! Nicole Murphy stands out in skintight camouflage leggings as she dines at Malibu's hot spot Nobu What feud? Nicole Kidman brushes off fallout rumours with Reese Witherspoon as she opens up about working with the fellow actress on Big Little Lies Doing good! Khloe Kardashian shows off svelte physique in leggings at charity cycle event  Wore Nike gear for the Make March Matter event Amber Turner stuns in sexy figure-hugging white jumpsuit as she goes on girls' night out in London amid TOWIE love drama Love life full of woe Pretty Little Liars stars Ashley Benson and Shay Mitchell stun in stylish ensembles as writers talk finale and 'huge twist' at PaleyFest Jemma Lucy reignites feud with nemesis Charlotte Crosby by calling her a 'fried egg face'... as the Geordie Shore star poses in loved-up snap with beau Stephen Bear The way we move! Ariana Grande sizzles in midriff-baring top and thigh-high white boots while bringing the Dangerous Woman Tour to Vancouver A Royal family day out! Princess Anne is joined by her children and grandchildren to watch Zara competing at the Gatcombe Horse Trials (well it IS in Anne's back garden)  'Stop talking total bulls***': Geordie Shore's Marnie Simpson launches into angry denial of rumoured romance with TOWIE's Dan Edgar  The cat's meow! Paris Hilton rocks feline ears as she dances and DJs the night away at Ultra Music Festival  In her element  Back on? Calum Best and former flame Sarah Harding can't contain their excitement as they passionately embrace at documentary screening of his late dad 'If Michelle doesn't win, it better be because YOU won!' Will.i.am backs a rival singer... while contestant Mo breaks down backstage in drama filled The Voice semi-final 'Her legs look painfully thin': Millie Mackintosh sparks concern among fans who urge her to 'stop losing weight' after posting snap of herself with boyfriend Hugo Taylor in Dubai All Wright on the night! Former TOWIE star Jessica sizzles in figure-flaunting red gown alongside glamorous mother Carol as they lead the style at Pink Ribbon Ball 'Someone's hacking my account!' Danniella Westbrook reveals her Twitter has been sabotaged AGAIN after deleting Mother's Day tirade against her teenage daughter  Meghan's mirror-image minder: No, you're not seeing double! Meet the lookalike, dress-alike stylist who is now inseparable from Harry's girl They really are Hollywood's BRIGHTEST stars! Film fans reveal actors who are also doctors, scientists and linguists (and you'd never guess from their goofy on-screen personas) Oscars set for the biggest shake up in its history to avoid a repeat of farcical La La Land blunder at last month's ceremony  'Nights with my love': Ferne McCann flashes the flesh in sexy snaps from loved-up Dubai holiday after reuniting with former flame Arthur Collins Unforgettable! John Legend moves fans to tears as he performs Beauty and the Beast as he celebrates 25th anniversary of Disney Paris  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry pays the price for Wills' dad dance - as HIS ski trip is axed    He has cancelled a trip he was planning to the lively Swiss resort GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Billie Piper (slowly) paints her ex out of the picture  Had letters FOX tattooed on her ring finger after marrying Lewis actor Laurence in 2007 Chris Rock's stand-up act takes surprising turn as Dave Chappelle CRASHES the show to delight of audiences GIRL ABOUT TOWN: The name's Bald... James Bald. Nieces of 007 creator Ian Fleming set to sell hair removal cream  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Photoshop gaffe sparks fans' fears for Millie  Millie Mackintosh (pictured with her boyfriend Hugo Taylor) looked thinner than usual in this snap Viewers left RAGING at the BBC for cutting out LGBT verse from Lady Gaga's Born This Way on Let's Sing And Dance For Comic Relief for the THIRD time this year... as The Chase stars win Spot anything fishy in Noel Edmonds' rowing boat? Walkers left baffled after angling mannequin is left floating for WEEKS on a lake outside presenter's home  Well tressed! Sofia Richie turns heads with sleek hairstyle as she steps out in eye-catching red tartan trousers She's a real beach babe! Hailey Baldwin shows off tan lines and sunkissed physique as she rocks revealing red bathing suit Biker chic! Alessandra Ambrosio cuts edgy figure in leather jacket and boots as she struts through New York   'It is deeply disturbing': Olivia Wilde shares her 'horror' over missing black girls in Washington, D.C. as other celebs react on social media Stars and stripes! Katy Perry cuts a stylish figure in black and white dress with bold lipstick for girls' night out Not so much eye of the tiger... more like zebra Eleven, is that you? Chrissy Teigen channels Stranger Things character as she tries on wigs and glasses Proud mum! Reese Witherspoon supports her son Tennessee at baseball practice as she keeps it casual in jeans and wide-brim hat Hugh Grant enjoys family day in London with girlfriend Anna Eberstein and their baby daughter after his hit performance in Love Actually special Who's the beast of Broadchurch? We haven't a cluedo! Here, we mark the cards of the SEVEN suspects in TV's hottest whodunit  Feminism was BAD for two-thirds of woman, says FAY WELDON: Author risks infuriating working mothers by claiming their cause helped to drive down men's wages by half The Who singer Roger Daltrey wants to outlaw 'immoral' ticket touts who he says are damaging the music industry, fans and charities What a joke! Viewers blast 'car crash' Comic Relief telethon amid foul language, unfunny skits and a blundering Russell Brand... but they still dig deep to raise £71m  Just married! Newlyweds Dave Franco and Alison Brie buy beer just weeks after tying the knot Almost two weeks after it was announced Untamed! Jon Gosselin to make his stripper debut in male revue show on his 40th birthday He's been a reality star, a DJ, a maitre-d', a solar panel installer and cook 'What the f***?!': Mama June has had enough after major skin removal surgery and throws out little red 'Revenge' dress in From Not To Hot LIZ JONES: Like Hugh Grant, a Comic Relief is past its prime  Red Nose Day has for years been irreverent and shocking... but  this year's offering was merely embarrassing Bride-to-be Pippa Middleton gets into shape for her Spring wedding to financier James Matthews as she takes her two dogs for a run in London T Anguish of the Glitter Girl: Secret torment of pop star's cousin as she reveals he abused her when she was just 12 - but she STILL stood by him when he was jailed for child sex crimes  Nicole Kidman channels 'female Lawrence of Arabia' Gertrude Bell alongside Robert Pattinson's explorer hero in dramatic new Queen of the Desert trailer Trendsetter! Candice Swanepoel proves she's the street style queen during pricey shopping trip with friend Made the streets of New York her runway Tallia Storm leaves little to the imagination in racy semi-sheer pastel gown as she makes bold arrival at the Pink Ribbon Ball Bash held at Manchester Airport Is there anything she can't do? Sports Illustrated swimsuit model, 28, is a professional Muay Thai fighter and was formerly a commodities trader Not such a Mad Marquess! How millionaire sibling of socialite Lady Victoria Hervey is rebuilding his family's fortune after inheriting toxic title from his drug-addled brother  Did you get tips from Gisele? Real Housewife Meghan King Edmonds recreates Bundchen's snap as she gets glam while breastfeeding daughter 'These people are paying $20,000 to $40,000 a week': Adele, Justin Bieber and other celebrities visiting Australia are opting for lavish rentals over hotel accommodation Olivia Wilde flings her arms wide while wearing MASSIVE false baby bump as Annette Bening cries out in the street during Life Itself shoot Gavin Rossdale shakes his head in FURY as he is left with no contestants in The Voice final... while Into The Ark, Mo Adeniran, Michelle John and Jamie Miller sail through Frances Bean Cobain defaces her own Marc Jacobs billboard in LA... as the designer praises the stunt on Instagram She's a creative force to be reckoned with Kate Moss steps out for lunch with George Michael's close friend David Austin ahead of late singer's funeral They were both close pals with George Fadi Fawaz cuts a sombre figure as he takes a stroll around London... ahead of late boyfriend George Michael's funeral Unknown if he'll attend PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Pregnant Amy Childs shows off her blooming baby bump in tropical bikini and semi-sheer kaftan as she enjoys sun-soaked holiday PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Orlando Bloom enjoys cosy dinner date with Australian model Kristy Hinze during sun-soaked holiday in St. Barts The Secret Agent's hush-hush hideout: Tucked away in Kent, the discreet cottage that a literary legend once called home   Home to writer Joseph Conrad  Stuck Right Now, Thank You Very Much! Geri Horner is left panic stricken after she gets stranded in a tree after Instagram selfie as her 10-year-old daughter comes to her aid Feeling all-white? Kendall Jenner is chic in white ensemble as she pokes fun at her supermodel lifestyle in bizarre performance art video with pal Gigi Hadid She's ready for bikini season! Emily Ratajkowski shows off flat midriff and sculpted figure in tiny string two piece Channel 4 reality show contestants spent a year in wilderness eating chicken feed - only to find out the show had been axed SEVEN MONTHS earlier 'I'd love to know what is more traumatic than divorce': Rob Brydon opens up about his split with his first wife saying he 'lost excitement' with his marriage  Hottie! Lottie Moss oozes sex appeal in plunging semi-sheer bralet and high-waisted trousers during night out in London Fake news! Alec Baldwin SLAMS claims his SNL impressions of US president Donald Trump helped the billionaire win the election 'Giving birth nearly killed me... that's why it was so hard to love my baby': A year since her daughter was born, TV star Marissa Hermer is at last getting to know her  'Current events!': Bethenny Frankel shows off tanned figure in a coral bikini while on holiday in Mexico She visited Play del Carmen Oh là là! MIC's Louise Thompson takes her Instagram pilgrimage to France as she poses around Paris in a variety of skimpy ensembles ahead of 27th birthday She's still smoking! Bikini-clad Gemma Oaten displays her killer abs in sizzling new selfie... after giving up cigarettes during sunhine break in Marrakech 'I found it hard to read and write!' Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry admits she skipped a YEAR of school due to 'embarrassment' over illiteracy 'They're just friends': Christina El Moussa 'only went on a couple of dates' with NHL player Nate Thompson... as friends of star deny romance  'I deserve a treat!' James Argent celebrates reaching halfway point on his weight loss target as he shows off his trimmer physique on Thai break 'Completely inappropriate': Flip or Flop's Christina El Moussa slammed for sharing bikini photo with daughter... as she fires back at being mummy-shamed Cuttings it fine! Lucy Mecklenburgh still makes time to look glam as she dashes to the shops to buy last-minute Mother's Day flowers in leather and denim Abbey-lutely stunning! Clancy oozes glamour in decolletage baring leaf-print gown as she cosies up to dapper husband Peter Crouch  'By anyone's standards, you look ridiculous!': Fans ridicule Megan McKenna after TOWIE star reveals fuller lips in brooding new selfie Kirsten Dunst and fiancé Jesse Plemons cut a casual couple as they stroll through LAX together Her left hand had been shoved into her pocket, obscuring her ring finger Nicola McLean shows off her décolletage in a plunging sheer top as she joins close friend Jamie O'Hara 'You're a nobody': Zayn's sister Doniya Malik slams Scarlett Moffatt after Gogglebox star calls him 'd***head' over 1D star's split with Perrie Edwards Ex On The Beach star Jemma Lucy sports cleavage enhancing dress as she steps out for dinner with girlfriend Chantelle Connelly Helen Flanagan displays her tanned legs in thigh-skimming ice blue dress as she celebrates beau Scott Sinclair's birthday at World Cup party in Dubai Taking the plunge! Charlize Theron dazzles in super low cut black gown for Hong Kong charity gala She looked every inch the screen siren Sisterly love! Lisa Rinna's daughters Delilah and Amelia Hamlin have a giggle as they walk hand in hand to hotspot Catch LA Maria Fowler flashes her legs in thigh-skimming lace minidress as she takes mum Trudy out for a Mother's Day treat Ladies who lunch! Lottie Moss enjoys brunch with Made In Chelsea's Emily Blackwell and adorable pet pooch She's dating MIC star Alex Mytton. 'Go on, babe!' Charlotte Crosby dons skimpy pink bodysuit as she dances up a storm for spectator beau Stephen Bear Keira Knightley steps out for groceries with husband James Righton... as she reprises her Love Actually role for Comic Relief special 'Happy birthday mum, I love you': Louis Tomlinson tweets heartbreaking tribute to his mother Johannah Deakin three months after she passed away  Mel B is 'supported by Emma Bunton at her dad Martin Brown's funeral' after jetting to the UK with her daughters following her divorce bombshell No Holden back! Amanda flashes her legs in racy fishnets as she supports Comic Relief while treading the boards in West End musical Stepping Out Sporty chic! Katy Perry keeps it low-key in black tracksuit and colorful headscarf in West Hollywood Helen Flanagan posts sweet tribute to long-term beau Scott Sinclair on Instagram to celebrate his birthday including family snap with their daughter Matilda Simply the bust! Tyga's ex-fling Demi Rose Mawby flashes the flesh in a VERY revealing mini-dress which only just protects her modesty  'She'll be an amazing mummy!' Fans go wild after old video emerges of Cheryl holding a baby... as she prepares to welcome new arrival with beau Liam Payne 'I don't think I'll ever be comfortable with fame': Lady Gaga admits her rise to stardom was one of the 'most painful' experiences of her life Still adjusting to fame Love on the move! Kate Hudson and rumored boyfriend Danny Fujikawa can't take their eyes off each other as they jet off for weekend getaway 'She looked at me to ask permission to leave, she closed her eyes and went to sleep': Debbie Reynolds' son reveals her final moments as he and hundreds of fans pay tribute to her and daughter Carrie Fisher Phillip Schofield is mercilessly mocked on Twitter in series of hilarious memes for walking across Westminster Bridge as an act of 'defiance' 'Bet you wishing you could clutch that!' Iggy Azalea twerks like a stripper on Snapchat as she shakes her famous derrière in a pink netted leotard No laughing matter: Viewers criticise 'unfunny' Comic Relief after Russell Brand swears live on air, and Cara Delevingne is asked about having sex on a plane  Jeremy McConnell marks social media return with stylish snap... after dramatic week which saw him arrested for 'assaulting ex Stephanie Davis' Love bites! Anwar Hadid's girlfriend Nicola Peltz makes no effort to hide huge hickey in new Instagram Proudly flaunts the looks of love 'We have to be ready': New Justice League trailer unites DC superheroes to battle Parademons It stars Ben Affleck as Batman 'He just messed up on live TV!' Nervous Ed Sheeran suffers on air blunder as he FORGETS the lyrics to his own song during Comic Relief performance 'He's an irresponsible role model!': Heavy D hits back at 'bully' Lewis Bloor for 'fat shaming' him... as duo prepare to face off in nail-biting charity boxing match 'Mommy finger!' Madonna's twin daughters Esther and Stella sing as they receive very first Barbie dolls Joanna Krupa displays her incredible model physique as she poses naked in sizzling Instagram snap while enjoying getaway in St Lucia Let's hit the road! Kourtney Kardashian shares Snapchats of Penelope and Reign playing in Scott Disick's new car Bit nippy? Roxy Jacenko shares cute selfie with her kids Pixie and Hunter... but inadvertently shows more than she bargained for 'You'll probably get laid tonight': Adele raises eyebrows by telling male fans that she makes 'baby-making music' while on-stage at Auckland concert  Good 'Evans! Kelly Brook's ex Thom strips completely naked in racy Instagram post... as he shows off his rippling muscles for charity 'I'm not happy you showed that!' Pamela Anderson 'stormed off Celebrity Juice after they shared unauthorised school picture of her' Sienna Miller covers up in an oversized khaki coat and beanie hat as she attends dinner party in Mayfair accompanied by a male friend Legs eleven! Laverne Cox dons fishnets and racy leather skirt for night out in West Hollywood It has quickly become the go-to spot She's not shy! Brynne Edelsten puts on a VERY racy display as she poses in a see-through dress that reveals her red bra and G-string at Grand Prix Penthouse party  It's a girl! Amanda Seyfried and new husband Thomas Sadoski welcome first child They're in sync! Selma Blair cozies up to silver fox boyfriend Ron Carlson during lunch outing 'It's been handled!' John Legend's $31k suitcase is stolen at airport... but police swiftly get it back 'It felt like my body was eating itself': Charlie Webster almost died when she was struck down by malaria at the Rio Olympics and her organs shut down - here she reveals the terrifying story Too Posh to pooch! Victoria Beckham gets a member of staff to take hold of the family dog as she walks through London with Harper and her shopping bags  'Bawling my eyes out': Twitter applauds Hugh Grant's poignant Love Actually 2 speech declaring 'good's going to win' as he resurrects Downing Street dance to Hotline Bling Good jeans! Mila Kunis shows off her incredible form in fitted denim with a striped top and makeup-free face  Don't Stop... Cooking! Former S Club 7 star Rachel Stevens named as first contestant to join new series of Celebrity Masterchef  She's more known for her singing and dancing. Sundae funday! Simon Cowell and partner Lauren Silverman take son Eric out for ice cream  Dressed to the nines! Eva Longoria walks arm-in-arm with Melanie Griffith to Hollywood hotspot Thrifty Princess Mary recycles a floral skirt and conservative black top as she stepped out to celebrate 100 years of the Copenhagen Business School  'Definition of car crash TV': Viewers slam 'totally unfunny' Comic Relief as it's overshadowed by bad language, crude jokes and technical glitches Bella Hadid showcases her sculpted abs and bronzed pins in sports bra and tiny shorts for sultry Nike photo shoot Victoria's Secret model, 20, in action mode Bob Mortimer and Vic Reeves shock with fake penis pre-watershed on Comic Relief... as viewers slam 'cringeworthy' Susanna Reid sketch Fans rejoice over Love Actually 2: Colin Firth has three kids, Liam Neeson's son is engaged and Andrew Lincoln's married to Kate Moss on Red Nose Day special Formula fun! Lewis Hamilton gets friendly with model Brooke Hogan as local celebrities and reality TV stars arrive at the Australian Grand Prix Keeping a low profile! Dakota Johnson cuts grungy figure in graphic print black top and frayed jeans as she gets in some retail therapy Red Nose Day 2017 lays on the nostalgia as British comedy classics Love Actually, Smack The Pony and French & Saunders reunite to raise money for Comic Relief MORSE'S ALL-STARS: As the show's creator dies, can you recognise the countless celebrities who made guest appearances  A future Time Lord and a Harry Potter star...? No bad blood here! Jenny Thompson and Zaralena Jackson enjoy girls' night out in VERY racy ensembles... after both hooking up with Aaron Chalmers on Ex On The Beach 'I don't know how to answer this!' Cara Delevingne looks awkward as Graham Norton makes her talk about the time she had sex on a plane... as her dad watches in audience Baby love! Paloma Faith shows off her toned post-pregnancy figure as she enjoys outing with her three-month-old in the London sunshine Red hot! Eva Longoria sizzles in clingy pencil skirt as she films brand new TV comedy Type A It's been a while since she regularly graced our TV screens 'Fed up' Kate Wright hits back at vitriolic trolls as she denies plastic surgery rumours in epic social media rant  Voiced her frustration Kerry Katona's autobiographical one-woman show is CANCELLED after it 'sells fewer than 40 tickets' No Q&A session  Ant and Dec in patriotic boxers, a fire eater and an angry beardy magician: New BGT promo shots promise a VERY action-packed series Scarlett Moffatt cuts a cool and casual figure at Saturday Night Takeaway rehearsals... as she brushes off Zayn's sister Doniya branding her a 'nobody' Racing stripes! Nicole Kidman looks effortlessly chic in cropped jeans and a pinstripe blazer as she greets fans at the Australian Grand Prix 'Do you really think this baby's going to call you Grandmama?' New Made In Chelsea trailer teases Binky Felstead's mum Jane's reaction to her pregnancy news Pete who? Megan McKenna oozes confidence while showing off her enviable figure in tight jeans as she hits the town for a girls' night out after Wicks split Cut that out! Halle Berry keeps it casual in ripped jeans and clingy black tank top for lunch date Chloe Lewis ignores public feud with Denise Van Outen as she cosies up to beau on a spa break... amid claims she cost charity 'thousands' 'I wrote my best hits in my bedroom': Paul McCartney says he and John Lennon penned their best Beatles hits while sat 'opposite each other on twin beds'  'He was my second dad': Dwayne Johnson pays tribute to late Boston drummer Sib Hashian...whose daughter is wrestler's girlfriend  'It was the one disagreement we had on set': Kristen Bell clashed with husband Dax Shepard over her CLEAVAGE as they filmed CHiPs Making a splash in Puerto Vallarta! Twin Peaks vet Madchen Amick, 46, shows off pert bottom in wet T-shirt as she enjoys dream vacation Bold and beautiful! Joanna Krupa oozes glamour in off-the-shoulder top as she steps out in LA Ex-Real Housewives Of Miami star, 37, wore denim Mum's the word! Nicole Kidman leaves her mother's house in Sydney with husband Keith Urban and daughters Sunday Rose and Faith Margaret VIDEO EXCLUSIVE: Sultry Irina Shayk flashes her cleavage as she models plunging lace bralette from Intimissimi Stepping out in style! Pretty Little Liars leading lady Shay Mitchell rocks ripped jeans during lunch date with co-star Ashley Benson 'The body is meant to be seen': Bella Thorne goes braless in Marilyn Monroe inspired Instagram Some like it lots Twins! Jennifer Garner and mini-me daughter Violet, 11, step out in matching glasses and cardigans The 44-year-old and her mini-me daughter were in Brentwood, California Did Hollywood sex symbol Lana Turner kill her lover? Historian claims late star let her daughter take the blame after she murdered her violent Mafia mobster boyfriend  Kim Kardashian and Kanye West join mourners at the funeral of his cousin Ricky Anderson's toddler son Avery 'I got my first solo!' Internet star Rosie McClelland updates fans since appearing on The Ellen DeGeneres Show with cousin Sophia Grace It's Grandma Jenner! Kris shows off her artistic talent on visit to North West's preschool for Grandparents Day Keeping up with the Art Brushians? 'Their kissing has made 2017': Twitter explodes as Ed Sheeran shares passionate Comic Relief kiss with Greg Davies Ed pays to house and school homeless boy 'A glimpse behind the lens': Brooklyn Beckham, 18 announces release date for his photography book 'What I See' with moody Instagram snap Semi-autobiographical 'Can't be a***d': Take That spills the beans on why they never cracked America as Howard Donald admits if he left the band they 'would be all right' Cher quits Lifetime movie about Flint water crisis over 'serious family issue'... amid reports she's 'worried' about her 90-year-old mom's health BEL MOONEY: My selfish husband won't admit his flirting is a painful betrayal  This week, Bel advises a woman who feels she may be over-reacting 'Blimey, he looks 30 years younger!': Twitter is sent into a frenzy over 58-year-old Lenny Henry's youthful and slim appearance as he presents Comic Relief See, we are pals! Jake Gyllenhaal Facetimes Ryan Reynolds as actor takes a walk with daughter Ines Late Night host Seth Meyers implied people couldn't believe it Mighty more-film Power Rangers! Creator Haim Saban confirms plan to shoot FIVE sequels It just keeps powering on and on Undercover 'Lover'! Sofia Richie is nearly unrecognisable in oversized wool coat as she dons cheeky top while grabbing iced coffee in LA Me you're looking for? 'If only my brown eyes were blue': Platinum blond Jahmene Douglas is unrecognisable after jaw-dropping makeover in impassioned post about racism Hitting the green juice early! Victoria Beckham swaps posh for sporty as she takes adorable daughter Harper, 5, for a morning stroll in London Her leading man! January Jones jets out of Los Angeles with her son Xander Star of Fox sitcom The Last Man On Earth held her five-year-old son's hand Millie Mackintosh flaunts her sun-kissed figure in a floral ruffled bikini as she larks around with a gal pal in Dubai Chloe Goodman and lookalike sisters Lauryn and Amelia put their enviable abs on display in matching ensembles as they jet off to the Maldives Fitness first: Lucy Mecklenburgh displays her incredibly taut abs in a white bralet as she gears up for workout session in Marbella sunshine Ryan Lochte steps out for vegan lunch with pregnant fiancee Kayla Rae Reid They ate at hotspot Gracias Madre and walked holding hands Pawfect pals! Jane Fonda beams as she hits the red carpet with her human and dog besties Lily Tomlin and Tulea Working ca-nine to five RHOA's Phaedra Parks has to 'refile for divorce' from incarcerated ex Apollo Nida... who's already engaged 'Intentionally misspelled parties' names' 'It smelled like a Nimbin boarding house': Justin Bieber's rented Mosman mansion 'needed to be professionally de-odorised after the pop star left' 'I had so much love for that baby': Loni Love sobs as she reveals devastating miscarriage is the reason she never had children Tragedy occurred when she was in her late 20s Battle to become the Zara Zillionaire: How a railway worker's son created the world's most successful fashion brand leaving his two daughters vying to inherit the £58bn empire EXCLUSIVE 'Putting on weight is the sign of a happy marriage': Katie Piper dazzles in her wedding dress as she reveals her secrets to marital bliss Jake Quickenden's mother breaks down in tears on Loose Women as he thanks her for 'helping me cope' after loss of his father and brother to cancer Cheeky Ashley Graham poses up a storm in booty-baring swimsuits from her new swimwear line She flaunted every inch of her eye-popping figure 'Everything happened for a reason': Rapper Future talks truce with ex fiance Ciara after lengthy public battle Engagement, matching tattoos, breakup, custody battle and lawsuits Being hounded? Tom Hardy steps out clad in his 1920s threads as he films the latest series of Peaky Blinders with his dog pal Woody by his side in Southport Chaos in the courtroom! Family brawl breaks out in gallery as suspects in double murder involving RHONJ star's car are denied bond Italian screen legend Gina Lollobrigida loses 'fake marriage' case against Spanish husband 34 years her junior Battle over £35m fortune 'Who knows what happens with them a few months down the road?': Richard Gere, 67, throws cold water on romantic fate of Pretty Woman leads 'Not possible': NeNe Leakes reacts to the rumour of Kim Zolciak getting bigger pay than her for RHOA return The frenemies will need to 'cheque' to find out Ready to rumba! Erika Jayne and dance partner Gleb Savchenko kiss and hug as they prepare to do yet another gruelling practice session Fuller House's Jodie Sweetin ends engagement to would-be fourth husband Justin Hodak just two weeks after happily walking red carpet together Yazmin Oukhellou stuns on date night with TOWIE star boyfriend James Lock... as they touch back down in Essex after PDA packed break 'Before and After!' The Hills star Jason Wahler compares old mug shot to his present self as he celebrates sobriety Uses Instagram to help his followers Move over, The Simpsons! Kris Jenner 'planning new animated Kardashian series' featuring Kim and her sisters with producer Harvey Weinstein  'There's glass breaking in the master bedroom!': Petrified Kylie Jenner phones mom Kris during burglary scare in new Kardashians teaser Thigh's the limit! Caitlyn Jenner puts on a leggy display in mini sweater-dress as she picks up daily caffeine fix She stands at 6ft 2in tall How the other half lives! A millionaire family that splashes out £1,700 a week swapped homes (and lives) with one that scrapes by on £138 - and intriguing lessons emerged She FLIPS it and REVERSES it! 15 years after Missy Elliot's song 'Work it' came out, young fans share their shock after realising that one of the lyrics is repeated backwards Rebekah Vardy calls out vile troll who tweeted 'I hope your son dies' after she breastfed baby Finley while live on Loose Women 'It was a big deal': Amber Heard reveals she was warned coming out as bisexual would harm her career She was at an  Economist event It's another girl! DWTS duo Gleb Savchenko and Elena Samodanova expecting second child The Russian couple are having baby #2! He's one laid back superhero! Tom Holland chills out in his suit in first Spider-Man: Homecoming poster A very laid back Spidey in  yellow leather jacket Shady ladies! With stars like Kourtney Kardashian and Gigi Hadid already rocking spring's hottest sunglasses, FEMAIL curated the season's biggest runway trends Pink hair don't care! Joss Stone shows off her newly-dyed bubblegum locks as she parades her trim frame in skintight frock at photocall in Portugal Twinder: Cory Booker turns Twitter into dating app and asks Mindy Kaling out after series of flirty exchanges that began when she trashed New Jersey Keeping Up Appearances' Patricia Routledge says Prince Charles is 'pleased' she's finally been made a Dame...as hockey star Sam Quek is honoured 'Can't wait to work out!' Make-up free Davina McCall, 49, shows off her incredible bikini body in sizzling holiday throwback snap 'I didn't realise that it was anything more than just being a woman': Dancer and actress Julianne Hough opens up about her struggle with endometriosis 'It's been handled!' John Legend's $31k suitcase is stolen at airport... but police swiftly get it back Luckily for the singer, airport cops found it Kanye West settles with Hungarian singer who filed $2.5million lawsuit accusing the hip-hop artist of stealing his work in the 2013 track 'New Slaves' Kate and William choose £6,000-a-term Thomas's School in Battersea for Prince George - NOT following in his father's footsteps 'Ready for any storm!' Lindsay Lohan highlights her slender body in a floral swimsuit on paddleboard  Soaked up the sun  Nautical but nice! Pixie Lott looks leggy in a sexy sailor outfit at she hits Dolce & Gabbana party in LA The pop princess, 26, was flying the flag Will he propose? Paris Hilton says actor beau Chris Zylka is 'the one' and teases that her fans should 'stay tuned' to what happens next with romance David Beckham cuts a dapper figure in a tailored grey suit as he steps out in Hong Kong as global ambassador for life insurance company  Working it! Newest contestants on RuPaul's Drag Race reveal their inspirations - from Kim Kardashian to Miss Piggy - as they pose for striking Paper Magazine shoot The bump's off! Olivia Wilde ditches her prosthetic tummy during break on set of new film Life Itself  The move is being filmed in New York 'We had a crazy three years together and it came to a natural end': Holly Hagan confirms 'amicable' split from Geordie Shore co-star Kyle Christie Willoughboobies are no more! Holly's ample assets are paid a cheeky tribute on Celeb Juice after the star vows to put her saucy lingerie days behind her First look at Casting JonBenét: Netflix releases trailer revisiting the murder of six-year-old beauty queen 20 years on A two-minute teaser Braless Mariah Carey suffers embarrassing wardrobe malfunction as her skintight sheer mini leaves her exposed during night on the town Catfish star Robert Brian Clark, 33, dies in freak motorcycle accident after coming off his bike crossing railroad tracks and being hit by a passing car  'I'm taking every little thing in because I know it won't happen again': Emma Willis admits she is relishing motherhood after giving birth to third child with husband Matt  'She said her next project was "some pirate thing... probably a disaster"': Richard Curtis on the success of Keira Knightley ahead of Love Actually sequel 'I'm the schmuck who landed on the taxiway': Harrison Ford's apologetic call to air traffic control after close-call landing released Juicy fruit! Chloe Khan puts on an eye-popping display as she squeezes her VERY ample assets into a skimpy string bikini during sunny holiday in Dubai Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Photos Videos Topics Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) - SA 314/10 (89.2) Live IND 248/6 (91) - AUS 300/10 (88.3) Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Ravindra Gaikwad Yogi Adityanath Virat Kohli Donald Trump Narendra Modi Home World China's C919 passenger jet moves closer to maiden flight - Xinhua Shares1 Sat, 25 Mar 2017-02:10pm , Reuters China's C919 passenger jet, the symbol of its lofty aviation ambitions, has passed a major technical assessment, and has moved closer to its first flight, the official Xinhua news agency reported on Saturday. A committee of 63 aviation specialists from across China had agreed the C919 is technically ready for its maiden flight, Xinhua reported, citing the aircraft's Shanghai-based maker Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (COMAC). The C919's first flight has been delayed at least twice since 2014 because of production issues. State media reported last month that the jet could take to the skies in the first half of this year. The committee had proven that the C919 was technically airworthy, but the jet was still subject to electromagnetic compatibility and taxiing tests before it could make its first flight, according to Xinhua. The narrow-body aircraft, capable of carrying up to 168 passengers, would be competing with Boeing's new generation 737 and Airbus's updated A320. The C919 has a standard range of 4,075 km. COMAC previously said it had received 570 orders for the C919 passenger jet from 23 customers. (This article has not been edited by DNA's editorial team and is auto-generated from an agency feed.) TOP TOP < Manipur: CM Biren Singh keeps Home Ministry for self, hands over finance to Deputy Joykumar Singh   Comments   Also Read World Britain reviewing security at parliament after deadly UK Parliament attack World On Bangladesh's Independence Day, Sheikh Hasina tells militants: Return to mainstream World Ohio nightclub shooting: Gunman who killed one and injured 14 still at large World Beijing-backed Carrie Lam becomes first female leader of Hong Kong World Bangladesh: Fresh explosions rock building occupied by militants World Brutal takedown: Arnold Schwarzenegger blasts out troll who made fun of Special Olympics Next Article > White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl in New York < Previous ArticleNext Article > Manipur: CM Biren Singh keeps Home Ministry for self, hands over finance to Deputy Joykumar Singh Live Cricket Score Live NZ 67/0 (25.3) NZ trail by 247 runs SA 314/10 (89.2) Full Scorecard | Commentary Live IND 248/6 (91) IND trail by 52 runs AUS 300/10 (88.3) Full Scorecard | Commentary West Indies vs Pakistan Sun, 26 March 2017, 10:00 PM IST Next node White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl in New York Related Beijing-backed Carrie Lam becomes first female leader of Hong Kong Platform collapse at power plant in China kills nine Sunken South Korean ferry that killed 304 emerges three years after disaster Video WATCH | Earth Hour 2017: Cities around the world plunge into darkness to bring light to climate change WATCH | Lights Out! 10 years of Earth Hour Watch: Classical Indian Odissi dancers groove to Ed Sheeran's Shape of You! View all Tags China Airbus Boeing Xinhua SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News No out-of-court settlement with Modi, Yogi at helm: BMAC RSS making false propaganda about Kerala clashes: Yechury Ties with China, Russia won't affect US relations: Pak Trump ally Stone offers to testify in Russian meddling probe AAP leader writes to Home Minister over threats in courtroom Sport Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Lyon's extra bounce was the big difference: Chappell Soccer-Bullet point preview of Premier League fixtures, round 29 Entertainment Someone tried to be over smart with Karan Johar. KJo's response is BADASS and we love it! Baahubali 2 breaks barriers again, becomes first Indian movie to have a live Virtual Reality event! Kapil Sharma vs Sunil Grover: Here's what Bharti Singh has to say about the whole fiasco Legal trouble for Kamal Haasan post his remark on Mahabharata First look of Sushant Singh Rajput's 'Romeo Akbar Walter' out Money No idea of introudcing new denomination notes at present: RBI Coal India announces 2nd interim dividend for 2016-17 Rly to have integrated software for instant data collection Can suspend auto exchange if confidentiality breached: Swiss ESIC today launched Mobile Clinic Services in AP, Telangana Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out18:50 GMT +326 March 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search After Almost 30 Years in Service, Indian Navy Tupolevs to Retire © Photo: Sergey Krivchikov Asia & Pacific 10:19 25.03.2017Get short URL 41506153 The Indian Navy's three Tupolev Tu-142M aircraft will be decommissioned on March 29. The aircraft will be converted into a museum in collaboration with an Indian state. New Delhi (Sputnik) — The navy had already begun gradually phasing out the Tupolevs, nicknamed Albatross, which were key in anti-submarine warfare and maritime patrol roles. "The workhorse of the Indian Navy, mainstay of maritime reconnaissance and anti-submarine warfare for almost 30 years, Tu-142M aircraft to retire in a week," announced the Indian Navy. The 49.5-meter-long craft with a 50-meter wingspan also served in photographic and radio reconnaissance missions. "Tu-142M is the fastest turboprop aircraft in the world. Many fighters found it difficult to intercept this machine at high altitude. Tupolevs have been the Eye in the Sky of the Indian Navy for the past 30 yrs providing critical real time inputs for maritime operations," said the Indian Navy. Only three aircraft are in service as the Navy had started the gradual phasing out with the induction of eight P8I multi-mission aircraft. Boeing will begin deliveries of four other P8Is in 2020. #TU142M Back in May1987, 40 Pilots/Observers,16 Technical Offrs & 128 sailors were deputed to Riga Russia 4 training @SpokespersonMoD pic.twitter.com/pCCwRn0Kut — SpokespersonNavy (@indiannavy) 24 марта 2017 г. #TU42M @SpokespersonMoD On 30th Mar 88 three TU142Ms arrived at INS Hansa Goa after a flight fm Simferopol (Gvardeyskoye Air Base) pic.twitter.com/hgXft0z5IA — SpokespersonNavy (@indiannavy) 24 марта 2017 г. The Indian Navy had upgraded Tu-142M aircraft during 2006-10. The aircraft is armed with weapons like the Kh-35 anti-ship missile, self-guided missiles, torpedoes, depth charges and twin AM-23 automatic cannon. The Indian Navy and the south Indian state of Andhra Pradesh have decided to convert the aircraft into a museum at a cost of US$ 0.75 million. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 153 Related: Human Error Proves to be Indian Navy’s Biggest Worry India Says US Sanctions Won’t Affect S-400 Deal With Russia India to Share Nuclear Expertise for Bangladesh’s Rooppur Nuclear Plant Tags: Tu-154, Indian Navy, India TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Vince 10:50 25.03.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete These are good planes. They should sell them back to Russia. Reply K.Tin reply toVince(Show commentHide comment) 05:05 26.03.2017 | 0 | Edit | Delete Vince, or india can use it for making them bomber.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 18:40No Cigar: Fresh US Sanctions Highly Unlikely to Hurt Russian Arms Exports 18:30Full Coverage: Russia Upgrades Its Air Defense Shield to Strikingly New Level 18:23Bang! Five Most Unusual Handguns in the World (PHOTO, VIDEO) 18:22Alleged iPad Terror Plot Prompts US and UK to Ban Computers From Airplanes 17:49Mosul Airstrikes: US Seeks to 'Shift Blame' for Civilian CasualtiesAll news Enough is Enough! Jehovah’s Witnesses Face Ban in Russia 16969 We Mean Business: Syria Will Fire Scuds at Israel in Response to Airstrikes 14167 With Russia's Help, India's Fleet of Su-30s is About to Get a Whole Lot Deadlier 10800 Saying Goodbye? US F-15s May Soon Retire 7915 China May Launch 2nd Liaoning Aircraft Carrier Late April 6780All news Enough is Enough! Jehovah’s Witnesses Face Ban in Russia 98 We Mean Business: Syria Will Fire Scuds at Israel in Response to Airstrikes 69 The Expendables: Kiev Dismayed After Realizing West Sees It as 'Waste Material' 40 Not My Fault: Trump Deflects Blame for Health Care Defeat 26 Symbolic End: Missile Cruiser 'Ukraine' Being Sold Off for Scrap Metal 22All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Life Through 'Challenge': Best of the 6th Hamdan International Photography Award Little Shop of Terror Death From the Sky: The US Air Force's Mistaken Airstrikes News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
  Universe TodaySpace and astronomy news Login Login Home Members Guide to Space Carnival Photos Videos Forum Contact Privacy Blastoff of ULA Delta IV rocket carrying the Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) comsat to orbit for the U.S. Air Force from Space Launch Complex-37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Boeing, Delta IV, Earth, Kennedy Space Center, Launches, Military, Missions, United Launch Alliance Nighttime Delta IV Blastoff Powers Military Comsat to Orbit for U.S. Allies: Photo/Video Gallery Article Updated: 26 Mar , 2017 by Ken Kremer Blastoff of ULA Delta IV rocket carrying the Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) comsat to orbit for the U.S. Air Force from Space Launch Complex-37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com CAPE CANAVERAL AIR FORCE STATION, FL – The second round of March Launch Madness continued with the thunderous nighttime blastoff of a ULA Delta IV rocket powering a super swift military communications satellite to orbit in a collaborative effort of U.S. Allies from North America, Europe and Asia and the U.S. Air Force. The next generation Wideband Global SATCOM-9 (WGS-9) military comsat mission for the U.S. Force lifted off atop a United Launch Alliance (ULA) Delta IV from Space Launch Complex-37 (SLC-37) on Saturday, March 18 at 8:18 p.m. EDT at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Florida. Check out this expanding gallery of spectacular launch photos and videos gathered from my space journalist colleagues, myself and spectators ringing the space coast under crystal clear early evening skies. A key feature in this advanced Block II series WGS satellite is inclusion of the upgraded digital channelizer that nearly doubles the available bandwidth of earlier satellites in the series. WGS-9 can filter and downlink up to 8.088 GHz of bandwidth compared to 4.410 GHz for earlier WGS satellites. It supports communications links in the X-band and Ka-band spectra. ULA Delta IV rocket streaks to orbit carrying WGS-9 tactical communications satellite for the U.S. Air Force and international partners from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, at 8:18 p.m. EDT on Mar. 18, 2017. Credit: Julian Leek Note that Round 3 of March Launch Madness is tentatively slated for March 29 with the SpaceX liftoff of the first ever reused Falcon 9 first stage from historic pad 39 on NASA’s Kennedy Space Center. The WGS-9 satellite was paid for by a six nation consortium that includes Canada, Denmark, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, New Zealand and the United States. It joins 8 earlier WGS satellites already in orbit. The partnership was created back in 2012 when the ‘WGS-9 Memorandum of Understanding (MOU)’ was signed by Defense organizations of the six countries. The WGS-9 MOU agreement to fund the satellite enabled the expansion of the WGS system with this additional satellite added to the existing WGS constellation. “The agreement provides all signatories with assured access to global wideband satellite communications for military use,” according to the US Air Force. Watch this launch video compilation from Jeff Seibert: Video Caption: Launch of WGS-9 satellite continues USAF Breaking Barriers heritage. This ULA Delta 4 launch of the WGS-9 satellite on Mar 18, 2017 marks the start of the 70th anniversary of the United States Air Force. That was also the year that U.S. Air Force Captain Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier. Credit: Jeff Seibert Watch this launch video from Ken Kremer: Video Caption: ULA/USAF Delta IV launch of Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) from pad 37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on 18 Mar. 2017 – as seen in this remote video taken at the pad. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com WGS-9 was built by Boeing. The 217 foot tall Delta IV Medium+ rocket launched in the 5,4 configuration with a 5 meter diameter payload fairing that stands 47 feet tall, and 4 solid rocket boosters to augment the first stage thrust of the single common core booster. The payload fairing was emblazoned with decals commemorating the 70th anniversary of the USAF, as well as Air Force, mission and ULA logos. A United Launch Alliance (ULA) Delta IV rocket carrying the Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) mission for the U.S. Air Force launches at 8:18 p.m. EDT on Mar. 18, 2017 from Space Launch Complex-37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl – reflecting beautifully in the pad pond. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Blastoff of ULA Delta IV rocket carrying the Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) comsat to orbit for the U.S. Air Force from Space Launch Complex-37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Orbital ATK manufactures the four solid rocket motors. The Delta IV common booster core was powered by an RS-68A liquid hydrogen/liquid oxygen engine producing 705,250 pounds of thrust at sea level. A single RL10B-2 liquid hydrogen/liquid oxygen engine powered the second stage, known as the Delta Cryogenic Second Stage (DCSS). The booster and upper stage engines are both built by Aerojet Rocketdyne. ULA constructed the Delta IV Medium+ (5,4) launch vehicle in Decatur, Alabama. Launch of USAF WGS-8 milsatcom on ULA Delta IV rocket from pad 37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017. Credit: Julian Leek The DCSS will also serve as the upper stage for the maiden launch of NASA heavy lift SLS booster on the SLS-1 launch slated for late 2018. That DCSS/SLS-1 upper stage just arrived at the Cape last week – as I witnessed and reported here. Saturday’s launch marks ULA’s 3rd launch in 2017 and the 118th successful launch since the company was formed in December 2006 as a joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin. Blastoff of ULA Delta IV rocket carrying the Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) comsat to orbit for the U.S. Air Force from Space Launch Complex-37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Stay tuned here for Ken’s continuing Earth and planetary science and human spaceflight news. Ken Kremer Launch of USAF WGS-8 milsatcom on ULA Delta IV rocket from pad 37 on Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017. Dawn Leek Taylor Two AF Generals and a Delta! Major General David D. Thompson, Vice Commander Air Force Space Command, Peterson Air Force Base, CO, and Brig. Gen. Wayne R. Monteith, Commander of the 45th Space Wing Commander and Eastern Range Director at Patrick Air Force Base, Fla, celebrate successful Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) launch for the U.S. Air Force on ULA Delta IV from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017, with the media gaggle on base post launch with Delta pad 37 in background right. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com Liftoff of ULA Delta IV with WGS-9 milsatcom on Mar 18, 2017 as seen soaring above the pool at the Quality Inn Kennedy Space Center in Titusville, FL. Credit: Wesley Baskin Eerie view of ULA Delta IV blastoff of WGS-9 milsatcom on Mar 18, 2017 as seen soaring over residential area in Titusville, FL. Credit: Melissa Bayles ULA Delta IV rocket prior to blastoff with the Wideband Global SATCOM (WGS-9) mission for the U.S. Air Force from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Fl, on Mar. 18, 2017. Credit: Ken Kremer/kenkremer.com ULA Delta IV blastoff of WGS-9 satcom on Mar 18, 2017 from Cape Canaveral AFS with long vapor exhaust trail as seen roaring over residential area in Titusville, FL. Credit: Ashley Carrillo ULA Delta IV blastoff of WGS-9 satcom on Mar 18, 2017 from Cape Canaveral AFS with long vapor exhaust trail as seen roaring over residential area in Titusville, FL. Credit: Ashley Carrillo ULA Delta IV blastoff of WGS-9 satcom on Mar 18, 2017 from Cape Canaveral AFS with long vapor exhaust trail as seen roaring over residential area in Titusville, FL. Credit: Ashley Carrillo ULA Delta IV blastoff of WGS-9 satcom on Mar 18, 2017 from Cape Canaveral AFS with long vapor exhaust trail as seen roaring over residential area in Titusville, FL. Credit: Ashley Carrillo Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related By Ken Kremer  -       Dr. Ken Kremer is a speaker, research scientist, freelance science journalist (Princeton, NJ) and photographer whose articles, space exploration images and Mars mosaics have appeared in magazines, books, websites and calendars including Astronomy Picture of the Day, NBC, FOX, BBC, SPACE.com, Spaceflight Now, Science and the covers of Aviation Week & Space Technology, Spaceflight and the Explorers Club magazines. Ken has presented at numerous educational institutions, civic & religious organizations, museums and astronomy clubs. Ken has reported first hand from the Kennedy Space Center, Cape Canaveral, NASA Wallops, NASA Michoud/Stennis/Langley and on over 70 launches including 8 shuttle launches. He lectures on both Human and Robotic spaceflight - www.kenkremer.com. Follow Ken on Facebook and Twitter Watch Stars Orbit The Milky Way’s Supermassive Black Hole Juno’s Monday Jupiter Flyby Promises New Batch of Images & Science 45th space wing, Air Force Space Command, Boeing, Cape Canaveral Air Force Station, Delta IV rocket, Featured, SLC-37, U.S. Air force, ULA, United Launch Alliance, USAF, WGS-8, wgs-9, Wideband Global SATCOM 9, Wideband Global SATCOM system Related posts What About a Mission to Titan? Juno’s Monday Jupiter Flyby Promises New Batch of Images & Science Watch Stars Orbit The Milky Way’s Supermassive Black Hole Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Comments RSS Feed Subscribe to Universe Today via Email Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Join 6,275 other subscribers Email Address Solar System The Sun Mercury Venus Earth Mars Jupiter Saturn Uranus Neptune Pluto © Copyright 2017    Universe Today TOP Powered by Fraser Cain Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Close Help make Universe Today better today! See no ads, get videos early, hang out with the team
Sunday, March 26, 2017 Subscriber Services Legal Ads Homes Autos Jobs Classified The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Celebrate 150 Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Komen Race for the Cure Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Business Home   Business Stocks finish mixed as GOP pulls plug on health care bill     By Marley Jay The Associated Press March 25, 2017   Today’s Business stories Eugene glass artist makes best of unexpected New Year’s Eve surprise Business Beat Business Datebook More Business »   NEW YORK — U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Hospital stocks soared in response, while companies that stand to benefit from other Trump proposals faltered. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill’s impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the worst week for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. “You’re going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform,” he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively light as investors waited for answers about the state of Trump’s business-friendly agenda. That may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. Those stocks fell when the bill was introduced because investors were concerned hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. Insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump’s proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. More Business articles »     RG Business Local business news sent to your inbox every Thursday.         Today’s Business stories Business Eugene glass artist makes best of unexpected New Year’s Eve surprise Business Business Beat Business Business Datebook     Sports Oregon Men's Basketball Oregon Ducks are headed to the Final Four with 74-60 win over Kansas Jayhawks KANSAS CITY, Mo. — Oregon led by 11 points with less than one minute remaining when its celebration started. Jordan Bell and Dillon Brooks yelled to Dylan Ennis that they were headed to the Final … Oregon Ducks basketball is climbing to new heights Oregon Ducks coach Dana Altman says Jordan Bell had the game of his career against the Kansas Jayhawks Ducks pull another stunner More Sports » Lifestyles Personalities A new woman Changing genders brings a life into balance for 48-year-old UO grad student It’s difficult to miss the enthusiasm, smile and swagger of 48-year-old Bethany Grace Howe. Usually spotted in brightly colored skirts or floral-patterned gowns, the University of Oregon School of Journalism doctoral student and graduate employee … Debut novel deeply rooted in Oregon soil arrives to acclaim A secret life Chuck Berry showed he could write, too More Lifestyles » Discovery Oregon Coast Lighthouse, heavy winds add to Cape Blanco’s awesome allure  The oldest, westernmost lighthouse in Oregon sits on a dramatically exposed perch over the Pacific  One late-summer afternoon, a passing storm’s south wind screams across Cape Blanco. Its breathtaking persistence makes it easy to imagine how, in long-ago days before safety glass, the wind also would take pebbles, even seabirds, … Mount Angel Abbey a picture-perfect restorative retreat Bend museum showcases Oregon’s teeming high desert Fun just ahead, all around the Bend area More Discovery »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
× Thank you for Reading. Please log in, or sign up for a new account and purchase a subscription to continue reading. Please purchase a subscription to continue reading. Your current subscription does not provide access to this content. Sign Up Log In Purchase a Subscription × Let's Confirm You're In Our Delivery Area Sorry, this zipcode is not in our deliverable area for this subscription service. Re-enter zip code or sign up for digital access. Get digital access Please confirm you are in our delivery area Zip Code Cancel Confirm You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 45° Overcast Tehachapi, CA (93561) Today Partly cloudy. High 53F. Winds NW at 15 to 25 mph.. Tonight A few clouds. Slight chance of a rain shower. Low 37F. Winds WNW at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: March 26, 2017 @ 8:35 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Contact Us Personnel Advertise e-Edition Subscribe News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Classifieds Weather Close 1 of 4 Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Brigadier General Carl Schaefer discusses work at Edwards Air Force Base at a media roundtable. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Edwards Air Force Base covers some 308,000 acres and is like a city with homes, stores, schools and more in addition to its military presence. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Brigadier General Carl Schaefer shows the vastness of Edwards Air Force Base. All of Washington, D.C., could fit within its boundaries. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Many of the street signs around Edwards Air Force Base denote the famous flyers who trained at the facility. Edwards AFB looks to the future By JILL BARNES NELSON jbnelson@tehachapinews.com jbnelson Mar 24, 2017 Updated 13 hrs ago Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Brigadier General Carl Schaefer discusses work at Edwards Air Force Base at a media roundtable. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Edwards Air Force Base covers some 308,000 acres and is like a city with homes, stores, schools and more in addition to its military presence. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Brigadier General Carl Schaefer shows the vastness of Edwards Air Force Base. All of Washington, D.C., could fit within its boundaries. Jill Barnes Nelson / Tehachapi News Many of the street signs around Edwards Air Force Base denote the famous flyers who trained at the facility. EDWARDS AFB — If you use the GPS on your cell phone, you can thank the Air Force. “One of our core missions is global vigilance,” said Brigadier General Carl Schaefer of the 412th Test Wing at Edwards Air Force Base. “Part of that is making GPS work around the globe and keeping it operational. You can thank an airman for that.” Schaefer was among the speakers at a media roundtable held March 22. Global GPS is just one way the Air Force is helping average Americans, he said. He also described some of the emerging technologies the Air Force is investigating, along with what his military branch is doing to keep the country safe. “We're always there; we keep eyes on everything 24/7,” said Schaefer, who has been base commander since March 2015. “We move equipment for humanitarian support as well as keeping us safe. But we need to keep growing to meet our future military needs and upgrade our networks to keep us current with 21st century technology. We're like the iPhone. We need upgrades periodically.” He said a lot is being accomplished at EAFB. Schaefer is in charge of the more than 12,000 active duty, reserve, civil service and defense contractors at the base. He also leads a wing of 7,847 personnel in testing and evaluation of fighter planes at the facility. The grounds itself encompasses some 308,000 acres with 29,000 feet of runways. The runways are big enough that they could host every National Football League game on a given Sunday. Work on the installation Schaefer calls himself the “mayor” of the installation, which is a like a mini-city with homes, stores, schools, playgrounds and some 573 feet of roads. All of Washington, D.C., could fit within its boundaries. A lot of work gets done in this city. “We test and evaluate weapon systems to ensure they are ready for combat,” he said. “We also work with the Marines, Army and Navy on the different testing, along with testing for different nations and other allies and partners. It's a joint effort.” Schaefer, who was commissioned in 1990, noted that EAFB is the birthplace for modern aviation, beginning with early gunnery ranges in the 1930s, to first test flights in the 1940s. It was where secret testing was conducted when it was still called Muroc Air Base, and it was where Chuck Yeager broke the sound barrier for the first time. The base was renamed for Glen Edwards, a contemporary of Yeager, who died on a test flight in 1948. Early pilots traveled to the miles of dry lake beds around the current base for testing and other maneuvers. The Air Force is celebrating its 70th anniversary this year and Edwards will have a big party in October. A video about the base, played during the roundtable, relayed the sentiments of its personnel. “This is where barriers are broken and records set. We fly faster, longer, safer. We make our enemies tremble. We go farther and set standards. We chase excellence. We are leaders and we achieve more today, than yesterday, but we are never finished. The future is on the way,” the video said. Top test pilots “I may be biased but our test pilot school is the best in the world,” said the brigadier general, who was a member of the school in 2000. “The planes are built off-site at places like Boeing and Northrop-Grumman, but we do all the testing. It takes many months of high-risk tests to check for safety.” Test pilots for the school are among the best of the best and it's been reported that it costs about $1 million for each pilot trained at the school. Schaefer showed a video of a new technology that can save lives should a pilot pass out due to elevated g-forces. Similar to cars that stop in anticipation of a crash, these new planes have the technology to right themselves if the pilot passes out. On the video, you can hear the pilot of an F-16 talking, then silence as he becomes unconscious in an extreme turn. The altitude gauge starts to plummet as his commander keeps in contact, but there's no response. Before the plane almost hits the ground, it rights itself and begins to climb. Moments later, the pilot wakes and is able to continue his mission. A life is saved. “He got to return to his family,” Schaefer said. “He was only seconds from dying. The new technology saved him and the plane.” A 'national asset' The brigadier general calls Edwards a “national asset,” not just for all the work done on base but for the economic impact it brings to the local area. He said the total economic impact for the 2016 fiscal year was about $2.7 billion. “We're the largest employer in the area,” he said. “The payroll for the base is around $700 million, along with nearly $400 million in expenditures. But we also are good environmental stewards. We conserved 40 percent of our water during the drought and we're getting ready to build a solar facility.” Along with keeping up with technology, one of the Schaefer's goals is to improve infrastructure. “It would take $600 million to fix everything,” he said. “It starts with equipment; much of it is old. We need better infrastructure now to build for the future.” Schaefer also thanked the surrounding communities for their support of Edwards. “Community pours out their support for us and we publicly thank them,” he said. “It's a good feeling.” He also said that the Air Force has a little catching up to do in some areas. “We continue to have the best possible people working for us,” he said. “We feel we should be the hub of innovation. We have the capabilities to do that.” More information EAFB leader says windmills can cause 'clutter' during testing EDWARDS AFB — When it comes to the windmills in Tehachapi, personnel at Edwards Air Force Base wish they were built someplace else. jbnelson Follow jbnelson Close Get email notifications on jbnelson daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever jbnelson posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow jbnelson Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today This Week's e-Edition Login Subscribe Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Tehachapi man charged with infant's murder was investigated over Facebook post months earlier Letter to the editor: TUSD's pay proposal doesn't pass muster Concern grows as theft, vandalism hit area Taya Sheen blogs: 'Fighting faithfully because I still have things to do' Edwards AFB looks to the future TVRPD to curtail outside use of activity center Teachers, TUSD still at odds over contract The last whistle: Model train store Trains, Etc. set to close April 30 Susan Marie Palmer, 1957-2017 Macias scores unanimous decision over Soriano Images Videos Sorry, there are no recent results for popular videos. Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Classifieds Traffic Sections News Sports Obituaries Lifestyle Opinion Multimedia Sponsored Online Features Services Subscription Services Submission Forms Classifieds Search Visitor-guide Weather Contact Information TehachapiNews.com 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA 93561 Phone: (661) 822-6828 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com © Copyright 2017 Tehachapi News, 411 N. Mill Street Tehachapi, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Vegas Strip reopens after gunman surrender, fatal shooting News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories U.S. reveals airstrike role Violence erupts at pro-Trump rally GOP finger-pointing begins in wake of health care failure Killer known for his temper Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Oregon dominates to reach Final Four Zags reach Final Four Leonard leads Spurs past N.Y. Indiana hires Dayton's Miller Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Stocks wobble, end mixed as GOP pulls vote on health bill Photos: Siena career fair KeyBank donates $2 million, remains optimistic amid Wall Street Niskayuna Co-op manager resigning Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories New restaurants to know about in Troy Picks of the week New on DVD: 'Sing' beastly fun; 'Robocop' sequels a little rusty Who's coming here soon Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Deeds & Deals Today's Birthdays People in the news: Best wishes for 'Dancing' gig Sipping: Wine pick of the week Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Rotterdam Aquarium Makes Big Splash In memoriam to Old Man Winter A positive week: the update! Boobs. My first Mammogram and an MRI adventure to boot. TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Program's aim: workers with building restoration skills Editorial: Cronies with benefits Churchill: Albany Freihofer's run loses a dedicated giver Amid woes, sector looks to its future Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Prefab home offers energy efficiency Deeds & Deals A natural feel to new art at office buildings House of the Week: Victorian in Ballston Spa Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings High-value Honest Weight Co-op coupons coming Thursday Ring in New Year’s Eve on a budget with these money-saving Tips for hosting a Super Bowl party on a budget Amazon: 50% off Crocs for the family, today only MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/business/article/Stocks-wobble-end-mixed-as-GOP-pulls-vote-on-11026765.php Stocks wobble, end mixed as GOP pulls vote on health bill Banks, small companies biggest losers; Starbucks, Nike make notable gains Marley Jay, Associated Press Published 7:54 pm, Friday, March 24, 2017 Photo: Mark Lennihan Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Stocks are opening higher on Wall Street, on Friday, March 24, 2017, led by gains in technology companies and banks. (AP Photo/Mark Lennihan) ORG XMIT: NYML513 less In this Jan. 12, 2017, photo, traders work on the Mizuho Americas trading floor in New York. Stocks are opening higher on Wall Street, on Friday, March 24, 2017, led by gains in technology companies and banks. ... more Photo: Mark Lennihan Image 2 of 2 FILE - This Feb. 5, 2015 file photo shows the Anthem logo at the health insurer's corporate headquarters in Indianapolis. Anthem is buying rival Cigna, in a deal valued at $54.2 billion announced Friday, July 24, 2015, that will create the nation's largest health insurer by enrollment, covering about 53 million patients in the U.S. (AP Photo/Michael Conroy, File) ORG XMIT: NY111 less FILE - This Feb. 5, 2015 file photo shows the Anthem logo at the health insurer's corporate headquarters in Indianapolis. Anthem is buying rival Cigna, in a deal valued at $54.2 billion announced Friday, July ... more Photo: Michael Conroy Stocks wobble, end mixed as GOP pulls vote on health bill 1 / 2 Back to Gallery New York U.S. stocks flirted with sharp losses but managed a mixed finish after Republicans canceled a vote on their health care bill because it became clear the bill would fail. Investors didn't trade much as they waited for answers about the state of President Donald Trump's business-friendly agenda. For the second day in a row, stocks started higher and wilted as it became clear the health care bill was in trouble. The Dow Jones industrial average plunged as much as 126 points in afternoon trading on reports of the bill's impending failure, although Wall Street cut its losses after the vote was canceled. Consumer-focused companies like Nike, Starbucks and clothing company PVH rose. The health care act became something of a proxy for the rest of the Trump agenda and it dominated the market for most of this week. It was the worst week for stocks since the week before the presidential election. Banks and small-company stocks, which made huge gains after Trump was elected, both suffered their biggest losses in more than a year. President Trump and other Republican leaders said they were moving on from health care, and Michael Scanlon, a portfolio manager for Manulife Asset Management, said investors will be glad if that happens. "You're going to see a very quick pivot to corporate tax reform," he said. A corporate tax cut could give stocks a large boost by increasing profits, and it might also raise tax revenue. After the close of trading, House Speaker Paul Ryan said Republicans will proceed with tax reform proposals, but acknowledged the health care debacle will make that task more difficult. The Standard & Poor's 500 index finished down 1.98 points, or 0.1 percent, at 2,343.98. The Dow lost 59.86 points, or 0.3 percent, to 20,596.72 as Goldman Sachs and Boeing sank. Technology companies inched higher and the Nasdaq composite rose 11.04 points, or 0.2 percent, to 5,828.74. The Russell 2000 index of smaller-company stocks added 1.22 points, or 0.1 percent, to 1,354.64. Trading was relatively quiet, which may have contributed to the big fluctuations. Hospitals and insurers that do a lot of business with Medicaid celebrated the demise of the bill. HCA Holdings, the largest U.S. hospital company, climbed $2.87, or 3.5 percent, to $86.04 and Community Health Systems jumped 84 cents, or 9.7 percent, to $9.54. Among Medicaid-focused companies, Centene and Molina Healthcare each gained about 5 percent. The American Health Care Act would likely have left more Americans uninsured and would make big changes to Medicaid, a joint federal-state health program for low-income Americans. When the bill was introduced, those stocks fell because investors were worried that hospitals would have to take in more patients who lack insurance and that insurers would get less money from Medicaid. With the 2010 Affordable Care Act alive for another day, insurance companies slumped. Cigna fell $3.36, or 2.3 percent, to $142.82 and Anthem shed $2.63, or 1.6 percent, to $126.77. With Trump and majority Republicans unable to pass the first big item on their agenda, there were some signs of concern that his proposals of tax cuts, infrastructure spending, and regulatory cuts will take longer. Those are aspects of Trump's proposed agenda Wall Street is excited about. Most Popular 1 Woman hit by car in Albany 2 Vegas Strip reopens after gunman surrender, fatal shooting 3 GE cutting jobs in Schenectady 4 SEEN: Fourth Annual Backstage Ball 5 Propane tanker tipped over in Saratoga County 6 M/C pay order will be coming 7 Icy conditions Sunday for some Cap Region areas View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business & Economy Business & Economy Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Media Search form Search The Middle East’s Leading English Language Daily Search form Search Last updated: 1 min 26 sec ago Saudi Arabia Middle East World Business Corporate News Sports Lifestyle Art & Culture fashion Offbeat Travel Science & Technology Food & Health Motoring Opinion Editorial Letters Media Jobs Egypt’s last Jews aim to keep alive heritage Iran imposes sanctions on 15 US companies Dustin Johnson, Jon Rahm advance to Match Play semifinals Wall lifts Wizards over Cavs 127-115 Oregon, Gonzaga reach NCAA Final Four Mi-Rim Lee grabs Kia Classic lead UK police still think Westminster attacker acted alone 4 dead, 23 wounded in grenade attack in southern Philippines Arrests after scuffle breaks out at California Trump rally Arrogate comes from last to win $10M Dubai World Cup easily You are here Home Business & Economy US business spending picking up Business & Economy US business spending picking up /node/1073896/business-economy US business spending picking up Reuters | Published — Sunday 26 March 2017 A recovery in oil prices from multi-year lows is driving demand for equipment in the energy sector, helping to lift the US automobile industry. (Reuters) WASHINGTON: New orders for US-made capital goods unexpectedly fell in February, but a surge in shipments amid demand for machinery and electrical equipment supported expectations for an acceleration in business investment in the first quarter. Manufacturing is recovering from a prolonged slump, driven by the energy sector, bucking a slowdown in the broader economy. The Federal Reserve last week described business investment as appearing to have “firmed somewhat.” “The evidence is building that manufacturing activity is on something of an upswing and that capital spending on business equipment is poised to advance for the second consecutive quarter,” said John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York. The Commerce Department said on Friday that non-defense capital goods orders excluding aircraft, a closely watched proxy for business spending plans, dipped 0.1 percent last month after rising 0.1 percent in January. That suggested a slowdown in business spending in the second quarter. Shipments of these so-called core capital goods jumped 1 percent after declining 0.3 percent in January. Core capital goods shipments are used to calculate equipment spending in the government’s gross domestic product (GDP) measurement. Last month’s jump reflected increases in orders at the end of 2016. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast core capital goods orders rising 0.6 percent last month. Orders for machinery inched up 0.1 percent while shipments increased 0.9 percent. Orders for electrical equipment, appliances and components advanced 2.2 percent, the biggest increase in seven months, and shipments rose 1.5 percent. A recovery in oil prices from multi-year lows is driving demand for equipment in the energy sector, helping to lift the manufacturing sector. Manufacturing, which accounts for about 12 percent of the US economy is also being underpinned by a burst of confidence amid promises by the Trump administration to slash taxes for businesses, boost infrastructure spending and repeal some regulations. Details of the fiscal stimulus package, however, remain vague, resulting in a moderation in orders for equipment in the last couple of months. A separate report on Friday from data firm Markit showed its US manufacturing sector index fell in March to a five-month low. “Business optimism has been at cycle highs since the start of the year, but has yet to translate into commensurate strength in real activity,” said Sarah House, an economist at Wells Fargo Economics in Charlotte, North Carolina. Spending on equipment is expected to pick up after a 1.9 percent annualized growth pace in the fourth quarter. Still, that will likely be insufficient to offset the drag on GDP from slower consumer spending and a wider trade deficit. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting the economy growing 1 percent in the first quarter after expanding at a 1.9 percent pace in the final three months of 2016. Last month, a 4.3 percent jump in demand for transportation equipment offset the dip in core capital goods bookings and hoisted overall orders for durable goods. Durable goods’ orders rose 2.3 percent in January. Civilian aircraft orders soared 47.6 percent in February, driven by an increase in plane orders at Boeing. Orders for motor vehicles and parts fell 0.8 percent in February, while orders for defense aircraft declined 12.8 percent. There were increases in orders for primary metals, but orders for fabricated metal products fell, as did those for computers and electronic products. Unfilled orders for core capital goods increased 0.2 percent last month after rising 0.5 percent in January. Inventories of overall durable goods rose 0.2 percent last month. WASHINGTON: New orders for US-made capital goods unexpectedly fell in February, but a surge in shipments amid demand for machinery and electrical equipment supported expectations for an acceleration in business investment in the first quarter. Manufacturing is recovering from a prolonged slump, driven by the energy sector, bucking a slowdown in the broader economy. The Federal Reserve last week described business investment as appearing to have “firmed somewhat.” “The evidence is building that manufacturing activity is on something of an upswing and that capital spending on business equipment is poised to advance for the second consecutive quarter,” said John Ryding, chief economist at RDQ Economics in New York. The Commerce Department said on Friday that non-defense capital goods orders excluding aircraft, a closely watched proxy for business spending plans, dipped 0.1 percent last month after rising 0.1 percent in January. That suggested a slowdown in business spending in the second quarter. Shipments of these so-called core capital goods jumped 1 percent after declining 0.3 percent in January. Core capital goods shipments are used to calculate equipment spending in the government’s gross domestic product (GDP) measurement. Last month’s jump reflected increases in orders at the end of 2016. Economists polled by Reuters had forecast core capital goods orders rising 0.6 percent last month. Orders for machinery inched up 0.1 percent while shipments increased 0.9 percent. Orders for electrical equipment, appliances and components advanced 2.2 percent, the biggest increase in seven months, and shipments rose 1.5 percent. A recovery in oil prices from multi-year lows is driving demand for equipment in the energy sector, helping to lift the manufacturing sector. Manufacturing, which accounts for about 12 percent of the US economy is also being underpinned by a burst of confidence amid promises by the Trump administration to slash taxes for businesses, boost infrastructure spending and repeal some regulations. Details of the fiscal stimulus package, however, remain vague, resulting in a moderation in orders for equipment in the last couple of months. A separate report on Friday from data firm Markit showed its US manufacturing sector index fell in March to a five-month low. “Business optimism has been at cycle highs since the start of the year, but has yet to translate into commensurate strength in real activity,” said Sarah House, an economist at Wells Fargo Economics in Charlotte, North Carolina. Spending on equipment is expected to pick up after a 1.9 percent annualized growth pace in the fourth quarter. Still, that will likely be insufficient to offset the drag on GDP from slower consumer spending and a wider trade deficit. The Atlanta Fed is forecasting the economy growing 1 percent in the first quarter after expanding at a 1.9 percent pace in the final three months of 2016. Last month, a 4.3 percent jump in demand for transportation equipment offset the dip in core capital goods bookings and hoisted overall orders for durable goods. Durable goods’ orders rose 2.3 percent in January. Civilian aircraft orders soared 47.6 percent in February, driven by an increase in plane orders at Boeing. Orders for motor vehicles and parts fell 0.8 percent in February, while orders for defense aircraft declined 12.8 percent. There were increases in orders for primary metals, but orders for fabricated metal products fell, as did those for computers and electronic products. Unfilled orders for core capital goods increased 0.2 percent last month after rising 0.5 percent in January. Inventories of overall durable goods rose 0.2 percent last month. Comments View the discussion thread. MORE FROM Business & Economy Uber grounds self-driving cars after accident WASHINGTON: Uber has grounded its fleet of self-driving cars pending an investigation into the... Britain’s poorest, excluded from banking, turn to high-cost credit: Report LONDON: Poorer people in Britain are being excluded from the financial system and forced to rely on... World equities wobble as Trump health bill vote canceled How a border tax could divide Boeing and its suppliers EU recommends suspending drugs tested by Indian firm India’s Reliance Industries penalized for alleged fraud Load more Uber grounds self-driving cars after accident Ford has family in mind this Mother’s Day Margot Robbie, Nissan’s first electric vehicle ambassador TOUS’ Riyadh store marks jewelry brand’s growth in GCC Lulu’s World Food Expo will kick off today Kenaz Jewelry, a fast-growing diamond brand in KSA Latest News Egypt’s last Jews aim to keep alive heritage Iran imposes sanctions on 15 US companies Dustin Johnson, Jon Rahm advance to Match Play semifinals Wall lifts Wizards over Cavs 127-115 Oregon, Gonzaga reach NCAA Final Four Mi-Rim Lee grabs Kia Classic lead Opinion — Khalid Abdulla-Janahi — Leadership through ethics — Khalaf Ahmad Al-Habtoor — Why you should not invest in Iran! — Yossi Mekelberg — Populists of all the world unite (or rather not...) — Manuel Almeida — Iraq offers a window of opportunity for the Arab League — Bjorn Lomborg — Using data to find the middle ground — Maria Dubovikova — The complications in Yemen More in Opinion MOST POPULAR Day Week Month Most Read Shared Dubai travelers hit as laptop ban takes off 5095 views Hindus and Muslims clash in home state of India’s PM; 1 dead, 14 injured 3183 views India’s Reliance Industries penalized for alleged fraud 1376 views Expat remittances play key role in national growth 1355 views Saudi Arabia, Pakistan to work closely within ‘Vision 2030’ 1324 views Prove you are ‘leaders of Europe,’ Tusk tells Rome summit 1112 views Most Read Shared 90-day amnesty period allows illegal workers to return to Saudi Arabia 32205 views International schools in KSA see enrollment drop 25% 16755 views Viral video of Turkish proposal in front of Islam’s Kaaba sparks anger online 16091 views Saudization directly affects economic growth: Labor minister 15531 views Young Saudi nurses struggle with expectations versus reality of the job 13669 views Israeli soldiers seize boy, shoot dead teen 10578 views Most Read Shared 90-day amnesty period allows illegal workers to return to Saudi Arabia 32205 views 90-day amnesty granted to residency, labor violators in Saudi Arabia 21019 views International schools in KSA see enrollment drop 25% 16755 views Viral video of Turkish proposal in front of Islam’s Kaaba sparks anger online 16091 views Saudization directly affects economic growth: Labor minister 15531 views Young Saudi nurses struggle with expectations versus reality of the job 13669 views Contact Us About Arab news Advertise Privacy & Terms of Service © 2017 SAUDI RESEARCH & PUBLISHING COMPANY, All Rights Reserved And subject to Terms of Use Agreement.
Follow Sign in / Sign up Home Climate Politics Health Care Supreme Court Russia Features Video Resist Alan PykeBlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Deputy Economic Policy Editor, ThinkProgress. Poverty, criminal-justice profiteering, police violence, & robber barons. Tips: apyke@americanprogress.org Mar 25 Trump’s bumped-up Pentagon budget means a gold rush for defense contractors More guns and less butter is great news, if you’re a middle-man for military hardware. CREDIT: AP Photo/Andrew Harnik President Trump’s first budget erases scores of domestic spending programs and inflicts steep cuts on most others, dramatically accelerating a years-long downward trend in how much America invests in its own people. The administration justifies canceling programs that heat very poor people’s homes through the winter and ensure people don’t go hungry by saying they haven’t delivered strong enough results to justify their relatively low cost. But while Trump’s plan slashes the “butter” portion of federal spending, it throws a large new pile of money at the “guns” part. Trump’s proposed 9 percent increase in baseline Defense spending doesn’t rank with the largest one-year jumps in Pentagon funding. President Reagan threw double-digit budget hikes at the agency more than once, for example. But Trump’s $54 billion increase sits, in percentage terms, on par with President George W. Bush’s “global war on terror” budgets from the early 2000s. The 78 programs Trump wants to eliminate don’t even pay for his border wall Here are the things Donald Trump says the government should stop doing forever.thinkprogress.org Bush’s decision to open the floodgates following the September 11th attacks ended up getting taxpayers fleeced by a long list of unscrupulous war profiteers. A mix of long-time defense hardware manufacturers and dilettante opportunists pored over procurement lists published by the Pentagon to identify things Washington needed but didn’t necessarily want to get factory-direct. Buy low on a few thousand sidearms destined for Afghanistan’s new national police force, sell high to the DOD, and go home rich. Today, Trump is counting on Office of Management and Budget director Mick Mulvaney to prevent his big military budget from becoming cash carrion for the next generation of vultures. Mulvaney cut his teeth as a spending hawk particularly wary of Pentagon numbers, as the Huffington Post’s Zach Carter notes, but is now caping for a budget that dumps lots more money into some of the very programs he built a reputation criticizing. “To maintain his credibility and demonstrate that Trump’s new ‘hard power’ defense priorities weren’t just an excuse to throw money away, Mulvaney needed to sniff out wasteful endeavors,” Carter writes. “He appears to have missed at least one.” Trump budget cuts amount to ‘a homelessness plan,’ advocates say Trump promised to rebuild inner cities. But he wants to slash HUD’s budget, devastating New York’s poor.thinkprogress.org The example in question, highlighted in a letter to Defense Secretary James Mattis from Rep. Ro Khanna (D-CA) last week, is a company called TransDigm Group. The word “company” implies an organization that creates things of value that would not otherwise exist and finds a way to sell them for more than they cost to produce. TransDigm is the other kind of company — the kind that looted Bush’s war budgets for tens of millions in profits before most Americans had ever heard the name “Barack Obama.” TransDigm doesn’t manufacture parts that the Pentagon needs for drones, ships, weapons, or ground vehicles. It finds companies that do, buys them out, and then radically hikes the sales price of parts the Pentagon can’t get elsewhere. Khanna flagged examples where a part that used to cost DOD less than $700 suddenly got marked up to $5,474 a pop. TransDigm gets 80 percent of its revenue from firms where it holds a monopoly over military hardware components, according to Carter’s report. Khanna’s letter will probably trigger an Inspector General’s investigation, a tweak to an appropriations rule, or a plain-old name-and-shame campaign to change TransDigm’s business model. But even if Mulvaney or Trump can rid the Pentagon of this particular parasite, they’ll still be throwing gobs of money at an industry full of bad actors. Trump’s ‘draconian’ budget devastates rural communities already hanging by a thread The White House wants to cut programs that are critical to sparsely populated areas.thinkprogress.org Defense contractors are notorious for their predatory relationship with taxpayer money — even the big guys who actually do make the things they sell, unlike TransDigm’s weird little empire. Boeing, for example, got caught marking up spare helicopter parts by 177,000 percent back in 2011. Many others have committed wage theft against their workers, violated workplace safety laws, or been caught engaging in fraud — and continued winning lucrative Pentagon deals anyway. As the defense industry salivates over Trump’s generosity, the mood is grimmer for the tens of millions of Americans who rely on the domestic programs Mulvaney and his boss say aren’t worth the trouble anymore. Congress Military Donald Trump Politics 5 8 BlockedUnblockFollowFollowing Alan Pyke Deputy Economic Policy Editor, ThinkProgress. Poverty, criminal-justice profiteering, police violence, & robber barons. Tips: apyke@americanprogress.org Follow ThinkProgress Moving news forward. Share 5 Never miss a story from ThinkProgress, when you sign up for Medium. Learn more Never miss a story from ThinkProgress Get updatesGet updates
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS World News LATEST NEWS Centre constantly undermining Parliament, says Sitaram Yechury Tell Sri Lanka to stop nabbing fishermen: Tamil Nadu Chief Minister K Palaniswami to PM India doesn't impose its views on anyone: PM Narendra Modi No idea of introducing new denomination notes at present: RBI Haryana CM Manohar Lal Khattar announces sops for traders Terrorism has thrown a big challenge to humanity: Narendra Modi Pollution, climate change affecting everyone: Rajnath Singh Was asked not to speak to media till Wednesday: Shiv Sena MP Ravindra Gaikwad Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation Brandwire Banking/FinanceMedia/EntertainmentNGOs & CSRServicesTechnology Defence Analysis & Geo-StrategyIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & GovtMobility & WeaponsInternal SecurityEquipment & Ordnance International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRCSR CompendiumET 2Good 4GoodCSR Practitioner SeriesNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives More SportsScienceEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News ET Home›News›International›World News 04:05 PM | 24 Marmarket stats SENSEX 29,42189.24 NIFTY 50 9,10821.70 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,8000.0 USD/INR 65.41-0.12 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW China's C919 passenger jet moves closer to maiden flight By Reuters | Mar 25, 2017, 08.04 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » COMAC | China | C919 passenger jet | Boeing | Airbus A320 A committee of 63 aviation specialists from across China had agreed that the C919 is technically ready for its maiden flight, Chinese news agency Xinhua reported. Tax planning: How to complete all tax work before March 31 BEIJING: China's C919 passenger jet, the symbol of its lofty aviation ambitions, has passed a major technical assessment, and has moved closer to its first flight, the official Xinhua news agency reported on Saturday. A committee of 63 aviation specialists from across China had agreed the C919 is technically ready for its maiden flight, Xinhua reported, citing the aircraft's Shanghai-based maker Commercial Aircraft Corp of China (COMAC). The C919's first flight has been delayed at least twice since 2014 because of production issues. State media reported last month that the jet could take to the skies in the first half of this year. The committee had proven that the C919 was technically airworthy, but the jet was still subject to electromagnetic compatibility and taxiing tests before it could make its first flight, according to Xinhua. The narrow-body aircraft, capable of carrying up to 168 passengers, would be competing with Boeing's new generation 737 and Airbus's updated A320. The C919 has a standard range of 4,075 km. COMAC previously said it had received 570 orders for the C919 passenger jet from 23 customers. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Check Out These Top Crossover SUVs New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Vikings: The Strategy Game Phenomenon of 2017 Vikings: Free Online Game Search For Any High School Yearbook, It's Free ClassmatesMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times Quiz Your Knowledge: 12 Insomnia Questions WebMD Top Business Phone Offers You Shouldn't Pass Up. Business Phone Offers Meet the Easiest Way for Online Shoppers to Get Unbelievab.. Tophatter Here's Why This Company is the "Apple of Underwear"... The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage UK Parliament terror attack: What we know so far What went wrong and why Cyrus Mistry was shown the door Miss Universe: Miss France Iris Mittenaere Wins Crown READ MORE ON » COMAC | China | C919 passenger jet | Boeing | Airbus A320 To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented They offered struggling Arvind Kejriwal accommodation, AAP pays back with tickets Despite all the fuss, Yogi Adityanath's Gorakhpur is no case study of polarisation Tamil Nadu man deposits Rs 246 crore in account, will pay 45% of it as tax Data suggests Congress under Rahul Gandhi not doing as badly as it seems View: Adityanath’s rise marks the end of a 100-year-old battle More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive: Uttarakhand election results|Elections Results 2017 Sensex|Gold rate today Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs RBI Monetary Policy Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Sun   26 Mar 2017 Search Home Latest News Local News Arab News World News Business Sports BNA Reports BNA video Civil service culture Français عربي  c King's support to BIAS hailed 05 : 33 PM - 25/03/2017 Manama, Mar. 25 (BNA): President of the Supreme Organising Committee of the Bahrain International Airshow (BIAS), Shaikh Abdulla bin Hamad Al Khalifa, has lauded the success of BIAS in attracting mega civil and military aviation industry companies during the previous four editions. He also highlighted the wide coverage of the event by regional and international media outlets, news agencies and social media networks, which, he said, promoted the kingdom as a host for the most prestigious aviation industry shows in which mega companies are eager to take part. Shaikh Abdulla credited His Majesty King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa with the outstanding success of BIAS, noting that the idea of the event was the brainchild of HM the King, who, thanks to his forward-looking vision, wanted to place the kingdom on the map of world capitals that host such a world-class event such as Paris, London, Moscow, Berlin, Singapore, Dubai and Sydney. He added that BIAS crowns the kingdom’s long history as meeting point thanks to its strategic location which, he said, has contributed to making it a link between the East and the West and an important venue for the progress of the aviation industry since the 19th century. Shaikh Abdulla bin Hamad also lauded the great cooperation of the government, led by His Royal Highness Prime Minister Prince Khalifa bin Salman Al Khalifa, through removing all obstacles, which, he explained contributed to the success of BIAS, spurred the trade movement and consolidated Bahrain’s good reputation at the international level. He also paid tribute to His Royal Highness Prince Salman bin Hamad Al Khalifa, the Crown Prince, Deputy Supreme Commander and First Deputy Prime Minister, whose support has stimulated the adoption of value-added ideas that would contribute to consolidating Bahrain’s leading status, promote it as an investment-friendly destination and revitalise the national economy through attracting mega events that generate new job opportunities for Bahrainis , give the new generation opportunities to refine their skills and improve their experience by interacting with world companies participating in the show. Shaikh Abdulla added that the change of the date of the fifth edition from January, 2018 to November, 2018, has significantly encouraged more companies to join BIAS 2018, set to be held on November 14-16, 2018 at the Al-Sakhir Air Base. He commended the efforts exerted by the Civil Aviation Affairs at the Ministry of Transportation and Telecommunications, in cooperation with the Bahrain Defence Force (BDF), Royal Bahrain Air Force (RBAF) and the British Farnborough International, to ensure the success of the event. He also thanked all committees for their dedication in preparing the strategic plans and programmes to ensure the success of the next edition. Transportation and Telecommunications Affairs Minister and Deputy President of BIAS Supreme Organising Committee, Kamal bin Ahmed Mohammed, said that following directives from Shaikh Abdulla bin Hamad Al Khalifa, the Transportation Ministry has participated in many international exhibitions and events to promote BIAS and attract the maximum number of aviation industry companies to it. According to the minister, the Ministry has succeeded in selling about 80 percent of the space allocated to chalets for mega world companies, such as the European Airbus Company, US Boeing Company, US Gulf Stream Company, British BAE System, Lockheed Martin, the French Thales Group, the Italian Leonardo Group, in addition to a number of mega Russian, Turkish and Indian companies, and others from the Middle East and North Africa. He added that the remaining 20 percent space has been booked by other companies, and will be sold after the participation in the International Paris Air Show 2017 Le Bourget, to be held in Paris in June. The minister added that the air display space had been to expanded to 9,000 square metres, in line with the desire of small and medium-sized international companies to increase their activities. W H Q BNA 1336 GMT 2017/03/25 Number of readings : 896        Last updated : 05 : 33 PM - 25/03/2017 INFORMATION AFFAIRS AUTHORITY © 2017 , ALL RIGHTS RESERVED About | Contact Us | Privacy Policy | Media Visa | Newspapers | Term of Use | RSS
  You are here: Home > Business > Transport C919 passenger jet passes assessment for maiden flight 0 Comment(s)Print E-mail Xinhua, March 25, 2017 Adjust font size: A C919, the first of the domestically produced large passenger aircraft, rolls off the assembly line in Shanghai on Nov. 2, 2015. [China Daily] China's first large domestically designed and built passenger jetliner has passed a major technical assessment, bringing it closer to its maiden flight, sources with the developer said Saturday. An evaluation committee consisting of 63 aviation specialists from across China has agreed the C919 is technically ready for its maiden flight, said the Shanghai-based aircraft maker, Commercial Aircraft Corp. of China (COMAC) in a press release. The experts have worked in seven teams to assess the jet's design, structure and performances, which they have tested in labs, on board and during low-speed taxiing, it said. The committee has proven the C919 is technically airworthy but the jet is still subject to electromagnetic compatibility and taxiing tests before it takes to the air. The jet was built in 2015 and COMAC completed the onboard systems installation as well as major static and system integration tests before the technical assessment. The C919, with over 150 seats and a standard range of 4,075 kilometers, is expected to compete with the updated Airbus 320 and Boeing's new-generation 737, which currently dominate the market. By the end of 2016, 21 customers had placed orders for more than 500 C919 aircraft, and COMAC expects to sell at least 2,000. China's first regional commercial aircraft, the ARJ21, began commercial operation in June 2016. Follow China.org.cn on Twitter and Facebook to join the conversation. ChinaNews App Download Print E-mail Go to Forum >>0 Comment(s) No comments. Add your comments... User Name Required Your Comment Enter the words you see:    Racist, abusive and off-topic comments may be removed by the moderator. Send your storiesGet more from China.org.cnMobileRSSNewsletter C919 passenger jet passes assessment for maiden flight China's first large domestically designed and built passenger jetliner has passed a major technical assessment, bringing it closer to its maiden flight, sources with the developer said Saturday. Xinhua Xinhua
