Mon, 1 May 2017 Travel News Asia Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Exclusive HD Video Interviews with VIPs Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ TravelNewsAsia.com Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Gulf Air to Take Delivery of First Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner in April 2018 Gulf Air will take delivery of its first Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft in April 2018.  The aircraft will operate the airline’s long haul routes, gradually replacing its Airbus A330s.  A total of 5 Boeing 787-9 Dreamliner aircraft are scheduled to have entered Gulf Air’s fleet by end-2018 with an additional 2 aircraft arriving by end-2019 and 3 arriving by end-2020. Gulf Air’s Boeing 787-9 Dreamliners will offer 282 seats in a two-class configuration, with 26 Falcon Gold Class seats and 256 Economy Class seats. “The 787 customer base is growing not just globally but in the Middle East as well with airlines such as Gulf Air taking delivery of the Dreamliner,” said Marty Bentrott (pictured), Vice President – Sales, The Middle East, Turkey, Russia & Central Asia, Boeing Commercial Airplanes. “We are confident that the 787-9 will help Gulf Air achieve a new level of efficiency and profitability and will contribute to their future growth and success.” The 787 family features large windows; cleaner air that is also more humid and at a higher pressure for greater comfort; large overhead bins; LED lighting; and technology that senses and counters turbulence for a smoother ride.  See also: Tony Fernandes (AirAsia) and Gary Chapman (Emirates) Talk Aviation @ WTTC Global Summit 2017 - HD Video as well as other HD Videos and Podcasts. See other recent news regarding: Gulf Air, Bahrain, Dreamliner, 787-9. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet Scoot to Launch Long Haul Flights; Takes Delivery of B787 with Crew Bunks AirAsia to Establish Airline in China Park Hyatt Opens in Bangkok, Thailand Howard Johnson Opens First Hotel in South Korea Air Canada Rouge Installing High-Speed Internet on Airbus A319s Int. Arrivals to Solomon Islands Surpass Target Delta to Launch Daily Rio de Janeiro - NYC Flights Fiji Airways Appoints Marc Cavaliere as CMO UNWTO Executive Council Recommends New Secretary-General Star Alliance Launches Mileage Millionaire Competition Nanuku Auberge Resort Fiji Appoints GM AccorHotels and ICESAP to Launch Accreditation Scheme Dusit to Make Vietnam Debut in December MHG Signs First Avani in New Zealand Delta's Relocation to T2 and T3 at LAX Starts Tonight Air Canada to Launch its Own Loyalty Program in 2020 Delta Expands A321-200 Order; Defers 10 A350 Deliveries Primera Air Orders Eight Boeing 737 MAX 9s Thai Airways Recruiting Cabin Crew Rugby: Scotland and Italy Announce Squads for Singapore Test Belmond Opens Reservations Office in Manila Shinta Mani Hotels Appoints Executive Chef Hilton Partners UNWTO's Year of Sustainable Tourism Scott Dunn Opens Regional HQ in Singapore Carlson Rezidor Appoints EVP Rugby: HK Name Squad Ahead of ARC Tie with Japan Skye Hotel Suites in Sydney to Open August Park Plaza Noida Rebrands as Radisson Noida Thai AirAsia Reports Q1 Net Profit of Baht 570m Korea Airports Expands Use of ARINC vMUSE SIA Charity Run 2017 to Take Place 8 October Third Global 7000 Completes Maiden Flight Amadeus to Boost Presence in Indonesia Cycling: SpiceRoads Updates Brand Identity Tourism Security Discussed in Madrid Shinta Mani Appoints Corporate DOSM Qatar Cargo to Open Transit Facility; Launch LHR Flights Philippines to Host UNWTO Conference on Tourism Statistics SilkAir Upgrades Inflight Entertainment System Turkish Airlines Offering Laptop to Business Class Cebu Pacific Thrilled with New Puerto Princesa Airport Four Seasons Kuwait Now Accepting Reservations IndiGo Signs Deal for 50 ATR 72-600s Airbus Begins Production of First US Built A320 Leonardo Partners UK Royal Air Force's New RCO Qatar Airways Launches Yanbu Flights Delta and Aeromexico Launch JCA RBH to Manage London Luton Airport Hotel Somerset Ekamai Bangkok Set to Open 181 Units on 15 May New Ticket Options for 2017 Singapore F1 Grand Prix Etihad Aviation Names Interim Group CEO Latest Trends of Chinese Travellers Tokyo Creates New Logo to Promote City Northstar Acquires BHN's Hotel Investment Events Sofitel Singapore City Centre Appoints Executive Chef USAF Completes Test Flight of Talon HATE American Appoints SVP Los Angeles Thai Airways Receives New AOC AccorHotels Opens Mercure Bangkok Makkasan Movenpick Signs Hotel in Sylhet, Bangladesh A350-1000 Completes Fuel Tests in Wales Qatar Airways Official Airline of FIFA Until 2022 First Italian-Built F-35B Rolls Out of Production AA Increases Flights to Amsterdam, Barcelona and Rome STR to Help CHTA Advance Caribbean Hotel Performance UNWTO Publishes New Report on LGBT Tourism Record Number of Aircraft Movements and Cargo at HIA Hotel de Crillon in Paris to Reopen 5 July Etihad Airways Increases Kozhikode Flights Rezidor and Carlson Create Global Steering Committee ReviewPro Appoints VP of Sales North America Taleb Rifai Thanks Outgoing WTTC President Ascott Buys Hotel Central Fifth Avenue New York Singapore Airlines Operating Green Package Flights Airline Industry Improves Baggage Handling Scoot-Tiger Signs Distribution Agreement with Sabre Changi's T4 to Have Over 80 Outlets Hotels in London Report Record Q1 RevPAR Micasa Hotel Apartments Yangon to Rebrand Boeing KC-46A Tanker Joins Flight Test Program What's Going to Happen to The Dusit Thani Bangkok Hotel? HD Video Interview Aviation with AirAsia and Emirates - HD Video from GSBKK Free Hotel in Doha with a Qatar Stopover Vietjet to Launch Hanoi - Dong Hoi Flights Finnair to Increase Capacity to Several Lapland Airports Stopover in Abu Dhabi with Etihad Airways Cathay Pacific to Serve More Betsy Beer Show More Travel News Jet Airways to Launch Chennai - Paris and Bengaluru - Amsterdam Marriott Expands Modular Construction Initiative Ilyushin Finance Orders One More Q400 for Jambojet Buenos Aires to Host WTTC Global Summit Emirates Opens New Airport Lounge in Bangkok Shangri-La Opens Kerry Hotel, Hong Kong Hong Kong Airlines to Resume Saigon Flights Etihad to Upgrade Sydney Flights with A380 Air China to Launch Beijing-Astana and Beijing-Zurich Wow Air Takes Delivery of Airbus A320neo EAG Appoints MD of Hala Group Gulf Air to Get First B787-9 in April 2018 Dusit Signs Chatuchak Market Hotel MHG Opens Avani Hotel in Lisbon, Portugal Vietjet Launches Singapore - Hanoi China Southern Signs Deal for 20 A350-900s AirAsia Launches KL - Bhubaneswar, India Element Kuala Lumpur Appoints GM Transport Canada and EASA Award Steep Approach Certs to CS100 Opening Press Con of WTTC Global Summit 2017 APAC Airlines Carried 25.5m Pax in March Thai AirAsia to Launch Daily Bangkok - Danang Flights David Scowsill to Leave WTTC in June BA's Multi-Million GBP Re-Design of New York JFK T7 New Primary Flight Display for Commercial Aviation JAC Launches First ATR 42-600 Flights Bangkok Airways Launches Bike On Board Service Thai Airways Expands Codeshare with Thai Smile Qatar Cargo to Launch Fourth Pharma Express Service from Basel Ascott Opens Citadines in Makassar, Indonesia Movenpick Signs First Resort in Maldives Etihad Appoints CEO Airline Equity Partners Air Astana to Increase Flights to Key Destinations Second Boeing T-X Aircraft Begins Test Flights Asiana Takes Delivery of First A350-900 Rockwell Collins Launches New Flight Data Display Etihad to Operate Year-Round A380 Flights to Paris Travelport Appoints New VP of PR and Corporate Comms AccorHotels Opens Novotel Bangkok Sukhumvit 20 Hilton Opens Resort in Jiuzhaigou, China Global Standards, Cooperation and Data Key to Keeping Aviation Safe HMH Appoints Aboudi Asali as CEO Exec Appointments at The Murray, HK Hotel Vic in Hong Kong Appoints GM / DOSM Air Canada Participating in Biofuel Project EU Hotel Industry Reports Q1 Increase in ADR, OR & RevPAR Israel Reports 49% Increase in Arrivals from India Qatar Airways to Launch Third Daily Flight to Bali, Indonesia Thai AirAsia Receives AOC Re-Certification from CAAT APAC Hotels Report Q1 2017 Increase in RevPAR Special NZ Welcome Planned for British & Irish Lions Dorsett to Transform Shepherd's Bush Palladium in London London City Airport Looking for New CEO Bombardier Appoints Chief Information Officer Outrigger Appoints Account Director SEA PAL to Enhance Passenger Experience with Crew Tab Bologna Airport Installs Scan&Fly Bag Drop SAS to Launch Flights to Eilat, Israel Holiday Inn Bellingham First to Feature H4 Design Roshan Mendis Moving to London as Sabre's SVP Fiji Airways Celebrates HK7s Victory with Promotion Cathay Pacific to Increase and Upgrade Flights to Manchester IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures Pictures from Hong Kong Sevens 2017 HK7s and The Park Lane HK, a Pullman Hotel - HD Video Interview Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News Scoot to Launch Long Haul Flights; Takes Delivery of B787 with Crew Bunks AirAsia to Establish Airline in China Park Hyatt Opens in Bangkok, Thailand Howard Johnson Opens First Hotel in South Korea Air Canada Rouge Installing High-Speed Internet on Airbus A319s Int. Arrivals to Solomon Islands Surpass Target Delta to Launch Daily Rio de Janeiro - NYC Flights Fiji Airways Appoints Marc Cavaliere as CMO UNWTO Executive Council Recommends New Secretary-General Star Alliance Launches Mileage Millionaire Competition Nanuku Auberge Resort Fiji Appoints GM AccorHotels and ICESAP to Launch Accreditation Scheme Dusit to Make Vietnam Debut in December MHG Signs First Avani in New Zealand Delta's Relocation to T2 and T3 at LAX Starts Tonight Air Canada to Launch its Own Loyalty Program in 2020 Delta Expands A321-200 Order; Defers 10 A350 Deliveries Primera Air Orders Eight Boeing 737 MAX 9s Thai Airways Recruiting Cabin Crew Rugby: Scotland and Italy Announce Squads for Singapore Test Belmond Opens Reservations Office in Manila Shinta Mani Hotels Appoints Executive Chef Hilton Partners UNWTO's Year of Sustainable Tourism Scott Dunn Opens Regional HQ in Singapore Carlson Rezidor Appoints EVP Rugby: HK Name Squad Ahead of ARC Tie with Japan Skye Hotel Suites in Sydney to Open August Park Plaza Noida Rebrands as Radisson Noida Thai AirAsia Reports Q1 Net Profit of Baht 570m Korea Airports Expands Use of ARINC vMUSE SIA Charity Run 2017 to Take Place 8 October Third Global 7000 Completes Maiden Flight Amadeus to Boost Presence in Indonesia Cycling: SpiceRoads Updates Brand Identity Tourism Security Discussed in Madrid Shinta Mani Appoints Corporate DOSM Qatar Cargo to Open Transit Facility; Launch LHR Flights Philippines to Host UNWTO Conference on Tourism Statistics SilkAir Upgrades Inflight Entertainment System Turkish Airlines Offering Laptop to Business Class Cebu Pacific Thrilled with New Puerto Princesa Airport Four Seasons Kuwait Now Accepting Reservations IndiGo Signs Deal for 50 ATR 72-600s Airbus Begins Production of First US Built A320 Leonardo Partners UK Royal Air Force's New RCO Qatar Airways Launches Yanbu Flights Delta and Aeromexico Launch JCA RBH to Manage London Luton Airport Hotel Somerset Ekamai Bangkok Set to Open 181 Units on 15 May New Ticket Options for 2017 Singapore F1 Grand Prix Etihad Aviation Names Interim Group CEO Latest Trends of Chinese Travellers Tokyo Creates New Logo to Promote City Northstar Acquires BHN's Hotel Investment Events Sofitel Singapore City Centre Appoints Executive Chef USAF Completes Test Flight of Talon HATE American Appoints SVP Los Angeles Thai Airways Receives New AOC AccorHotels Opens Mercure Bangkok Makkasan Movenpick Signs Hotel in Sylhet, Bangladesh A350-1000 Completes Fuel Tests in Wales Qatar Airways Official Airline of FIFA Until 2022 First Italian-Built F-35B Rolls Out of Production AA Increases Flights to Amsterdam, Barcelona and Rome STR to Help CHTA Advance Caribbean Hotel Performance UNWTO Publishes New Report on LGBT Tourism Record Number of Aircraft Movements and Cargo at HIA Hotel de Crillon in Paris to Reopen 5 July Etihad Airways Increases Kozhikode Flights Rezidor and Carlson Create Global Steering Committee ReviewPro Appoints VP of Sales North America Taleb Rifai Thanks Outgoing WTTC President Ascott Buys Hotel Central Fifth Avenue New York Singapore Airlines Operating Green Package Flights Airline Industry Improves Baggage Handling Scoot-Tiger Signs Distribution Agreement with Sabre Changi's T4 to Have Over 80 Outlets Hotels in London Report Record Q1 RevPAR Micasa Hotel Apartments Yangon to Rebrand Boeing KC-46A Tanker Joins Flight Test Program What's Going to Happen to The Dusit Thani Bangkok Hotel? Free Hotel in Doha with a Qatar Stopover Vietjet to Launch Hanoi - Dong Hoi Flights Finnair to Increase Capacity to Several Lapland Airports Stopover in Abu Dhabi with Etihad Airways Cathay Pacific to Serve More Betsy Beer Jet Airways to Launch Chennai - Paris and Bengaluru - Amsterdam Marriott Expands Modular Construction Initiative Ilyushin Finance Orders One More Q400 for Jambojet Buenos Aires to Host WTTC Global Summit Emirates Opens New Airport Lounge in Bangkok Shangri-La Opens Kerry Hotel, Hong Kong Hong Kong Airlines to Resume Saigon Flights Etihad to Upgrade Sydney Flights with A380 Air China to Launch Beijing-Astana and Beijing-Zurich Wow Air Takes Delivery of Airbus A320neo EAG Appoints MD of Hala Group Gulf Air to Get First B787-9 in April 2018 Aviation with AirAsia and Emirates - HD Video from GSBKK Dusit Signs Chatuchak Market Hotel Special NZ Welcome Planned for British & Irish Lions HK7s and The Park Lane HK, a Pullman Hotel - HD Video Interview IATA Questions New US and UK Security Measures High-Res Pictures of Hong Kong Sevens Pictures of 2017 King's Cup Elephant Polo Future of Avani Hotels - HD Video Interview with Group Director Travelodge Hotels Asia HD Video Interview Margarita Forés - Interview with Asia's Best Female Chef Ascott's Brands and Expansion Plans - HD Video Interview HD Videos from AAPA's 60th Assembly of Presidents Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2017 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
Jump to Navigation AU EDITION | Monday, May 15, 2017 As of 4:42 PM AEST Subscribe AU Edition Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition U.K. Edition U.S. Edition FOLLOW | Make IBT your homepage Search Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment News Qantas' first non-stop Perth to London flight departing soon; tickets on sale By Frenalyn Wilson on May 15 2017 12:31 PM 0 0 0 0 A Qantas Airways Airbus A330-300 jet takes off from Sydney International Airport over the city skyline, December 18, 2015. Reuters/Jason Reed Qantas’ new Boeing 787 Dreamliner is slated to start daily non-stop flights between Perth and London on March 24, 2018 and tickets are reportedly on sale. In favour of its new service, the airline will axe its Airbus A380 flights from Melbourne to London via Dubai. The West Australian reported that a return economy fare was offered for a “very competitive” $2270. The first flight in the 236-seat Boeing 787-9 will take off from Perth next year and will land at London’s Heathrow Airport. Qantas chief executive Alan Joyce revealed through the news outlet last month that flights from Perth to Berlin, Rome and Paris were the next nonstop routes on Qantas’ radar. The Perth to London travels will start at Melbourne and will obtain both QF9 and QF10 numbers of the Melbourne-London service according to the Australian Business Traveller. The travel will take 18 hours, the longest Qantas flight and the third-longest passenger flight worldwide. Joyce was confident that the service would result to a new level of convenience Australians had not experienced before.  “We’ve said the Qantas Dreamliner is a game changer and that’s now becoming real,” he said. The new Qantas service makes it possible to link Australia and the United Kingdom in a single hop, which used to take four days and seven stops.  Joyce said Qantas was aware that the Perth to London flight was long, but not much longer compared to the airline’s Sydney to Dallas service. Additionally, Joyce said a “very high level of comfort” was added to each of the cabins and seat count was lower than most of their competitors.  He also teased that Qantas is making tweaks to its in-flight service in order to assist customers in enjoying the journey even more. The airline stretched its marketing partnership with Tourism Western Australia in order to maximise the tourism benefits of its latest service. “It’s great for Qantas and for Australian aviation, but a world-first route like this is also great exposure for Western Australia,” Joyce said. WA tourism said it could add $9 million-$36 million a year into the economy of Western Australia. The amount would depend on passenger load. The state government invested $14million to upgrade domestic terminal T3 with border services. Amity Travel’s Luke Chittock anticipated a high demand for the service, specifically in the premium cabins. He said an increasing number of passengers were asking for nonstops. Read more: Aldi’s biggest sale in Australia starts on May 20 Gov't reveals cyber attack in Australian businesses is rising CBS This Morning/YouTube Submit Correction 0 0 0 Related Qantas chief Alan Joyce’s pie-thrower says the attack was a stand against gay marriage Qantas chief Alan Joyce shoved with meringue pie in face Join the Discussion 0 0 0 Search Most Shared Most Read 1 Bruno Mars Australia tour 2018: Itinerary, ticket details 0 Shares 2 This company is giving away a free 'Outlander' tour 0 Shares 3 ‘Designated Survivor’ Season 2 confirmed 0 Shares 4 ‘Game of Thrones’ season 7 full trailer soon 0 Shares 5 Google Pixel 2 concept design impress 0 Shares 6 ‘Outlander’ season 3: ‘Out of this world performance’ 0 Shares 7 ‘Outlander’ star Sam Heughan shares new picture 0 Shares 8 Rod Laver explains why Roger Federer can beat Rafael Nadal at 2017 French Open 0 Shares 9 ‘Vikings’ season 5 will blow socks off; Filming all wrapped up 0 Shares 10 Warriors vs Spurs Game 1 live stream: Western Conference Finals live streaming, preview 0 Shares Follow Us Please enter a valid email Like us Follow us Full site feed Manufacturers get $100-million fund as automotive producers leave Australia Qantas crowned Australia’s most attractive employer NT okays $800m Northern Gas Pipeline, Jemena poised to solve Australia's gas crisis Caltex Australia announces $20 million fund to compensate underpaid employees Gov't reveals cyber attack in Australian businesses is rising Telstra Wifi calling capability enabled for iPhone, Samsung Galaxy users More Business Economy Markets Companies Real Estate Banking & Finance FDA to require restaurants to post nutritional info for their menu starting May 5 Melania Trump welcomes Queen Rania of Jordan, heads to an all-girls school Pump hydro storage can help build 100 percent renewable energy grid Study shows Western Australians are unhappiest at work; older, female employees are more satisfied Egyptians unite after church bombing; Abdel Fatah el-Sisi declares state of emergency Trump to visit China; Xi approves 100-day trade talks plan More News Australia Asia Pacific Africa The Americas Europe Middle East Stats: Rafael Nadal wins record-tying 30th ATP Masters 1000 title with fifth Madrid Open crown Warriors vs Spurs Game 1 live stream: Western Conference Finals live streaming, preview Spanish Grand Prix live streaming: Watch Formula 1 online and on TV Rafael Nadal vs Dominic Thiem live stream: Watch Madrid Open finals online Australian tennis star Nick Kyrgios finally gets a head coach Kawhi Leonard injury update: Spurs star unlikely for Game 2 on Tuesday More Sports AFL NRL Rugby Union Cricket Soccer Tennis Motor Sports Basketball NFL Fight Sports More 'Tekken x Street Fighter' may resume development Fitbit wearable specs revealed 'Red Dead Redemption 2' PC compatibility will not be announced soon Facebook denies targeting young Australians, Kiwis based on their emotional state Xbox One and Xbox 360 Deals With Gold until May 9 announced: ‘Street Fighter X Tekken’ and ‘DmC: Definitive Edition’ among the best deals Gaming writer Chet Falizek parts amicably with Valve, ‘Half-Life 3’ future bleaker More Life Environment & Science Health & Wellbeing Gaming Technology Travel & Food Fashion & Beauty Art & Design 'Avengers: Infinity War' may introduce new generation of Avengers Marvel may re-acquire film rights with 'Spider-Man: Homecoming' James Gunn hints 'Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3' release date ‘The Last Kingdom’: Exclusive interview with Alexander Dreymon '13 Reasons Why' season 2: What to expect One more character may not make it to the second season of 'Riverdale' More Entertainment Movies TV Celebrities Music McLaren 570GT Review: Grand, But No Touring Car IBTimes Newsletters Sign up to get the latest headlines delivered to your inbox every morning. We value your privacy. Your email address will not be shared. Sections Home Business News Sports Life Entertainment IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Careers Contact Terms of Service Privacy Policy IBT Media Syndication Editions Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Ebola Virus Outbreak Amtrak Crash TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Travel Consumer Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 11 2017, 4:46 am ET Boeing Halts Test Flights of New 737 Over Engine Issue Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement DALLAS — Boeing is suspending test flights of a new airliner because of a possible problem in the manufacturing of a key engine part. The company said Wednesday that it still plans to deliver the first Boeing 737 Max later this month, and production will continue. A Boeing 737 MAX 9 under construction at the company's production facility in Renton, Washington, on Feb. 13. Jason Redmond / Reuters file The news sent Boeing Co. shares down nearly 4 percent, although they recovered partly to close at $183.18, down $2.31, or 1.3 percent. Chicago-based Boeing was notified last week of a potential issue involving turbine engine discs produced by a supplier to engine maker CFM International. Boeing said it has not experienced any problems with the discs during more than 2,000 hours of testing. It poses no safety concerns for travelers because no airlines are yet flying the 737 Max but it could mean a costly disruption if the problem persists. Timely delivery is important to planemakers as they get most of the payment for a plane when it is handed to the buyer. The Max is designed to be a more fuel-efficient version of the workhorse 737, Boeing's most popular commercial plane. Malaysia's Malindo Air plans to take delivery of the first Max in a few days and begin using it for passenger flights before July. Dallas-based Southwest Airlines Co. expects to begin using the plane this fall. It said Boeing had not warned it of any delays to its delivery schedule. Related: China's 'Homegrown' Competitor to 737 Takes to the Skies American Airlines Group Inc., which has 100 737 MAX jets on order, declined to comment when contacted by Reuters. The discs in question are made by a supplier to CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and France's Safran. GE spokeswoman Jamie Jewell declined to identify the supplier. She said GE and Safran will work with the supplier to find and correct any shortcomings in the manufacturing process while also turning to a backup supplier to keep production of engines on schedule. A Boeing logo on one of the firm's 737 Max 9 jets. Jason Redmond / AFP - Getty Images file In a written statement, Boeing said it will work with CFM "to understand the precise scope and root cause of the quality issue." New planes and parts go through extensive testing to turn up problems before passengers go on board. Cai von Rumohr, an analyst with Cowen and Co., said "this doesn't look like a serious concern" because Boeing still expects to deliver the first plane this month and it appears to be a fixable manufacturing problem rather than a design flaw. Boeing has built about 9,500 single-aisle 737s since the late 1960s. The company said it has taken more than 3,700 orders for the Max, which carries a list price of $112.4 million to $119.2 million, although airlines routinely get big discounts. Contributors Associated Press and Reuters Topics Travel, Tech News, U.S. news, World First Published May 11 2017, 4:44 am ET Next Story Emirates Airlines Reports 82% Plunge in Profits Amid U.S. Laptop Ban advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News State of Alaska Department of Revenue Increases Position in Greenhill & Co., Inc. (GHL) Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Stake Reduced by West Coast Financial LLC Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc. Has $345,000 Stake in Boeing Co (BA) LGT Capital Partners LTD. Boosts Position in Celgene Co. (CELG) Granite Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 3,894 Shares of Boeing Co (BA) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (FIS) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Fiserv Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (FISV) Cantor Fitzgerald Weighs in on Fluidigm Co.’s FY2017 Earnings (FLDM) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Expected to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $35.91 Per Share FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Johnson Outdoors Inc. (JOUT) Issued By Forward View Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Buys 5,455 Shares of Tripadvisor Inc (TRIP) Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (REIT) (RHP) Stake Lowered by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Stake Decreased by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Sells 230 Shares of Matson, Inc. (MATX) FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Stake Lowered by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Has $887,000 Stake in Sabra Health Care REIT Inc (SBRA) Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Has $870,000 Stake in Childrens Place Inc (PLCE) Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC First Financial Corp IN Has $108,000 Stake in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Mascoma Wealth Management LLC Increases Position in Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc. Has $345,000 Stake in Boeing Co (BA) May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc. held its position in Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 1,950 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock at the end of the first quarter. Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc.’s holdings in Boeing were worth $345,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors have also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Kernodle & Katon Asset Management Group LLC bought a new position in shares of Boeing during the third quarter worth approximately $102,000. Farmers & Merchants Trust Co of Chambersburg PA bought a new position in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter worth approximately $106,000. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. raised its position in shares of Boeing by 124.9% in the third quarter. Jackson Grant Investment Advisers Inc. now owns 830 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $109,000 after buying an additional 461 shares during the period. Thomas J. Herzfeld Advisors Inc. bought a new position in shares of Boeing during the fourth quarter worth approximately $109,000. Finally, TLP Group LLC bought a new position in shares of Boeing during the third quarter worth approximately $126,000. Institutional investors own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 183.25 on Friday. The company’s 50-day moving average is $180.26 and its 200-day moving average is $165.63. Boeing Co has a 52-week low of $122.35 and a 52-week high of $187.21. The firm has a market capitalization of $110.61 billion, a PE ratio of 22.58 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last announced its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. Boeing had a net margin of 5.18% and a return on equity of 239.48%. The business had revenue of $20.98 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $21.27 billion. During the same period in the previous year, the business posted $1.74 earnings per share. Boeing’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.3% on a year-over-year basis. Analysts forecast that Boeing Co will post $9.39 EPS for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, May 12th will be issued a $1.42 dividend. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, May 10th. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 3.10%. Boeing’s payout ratio is 74.25%. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: This piece of content was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece of content on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The original version of this piece of content can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/macnealy-hoover-investment-management-inc-has-345000-stake-in-boeing-co-ba.html. A number of research analysts recently commented on the stock. Canaccord Genuity reiterated a “hold” rating and issued a $162.00 price target (up previously from $150.00) on shares of Boeing in a research note on Sunday, January 29th. Buckingham Research lowered shares of Boeing from a “neutral” rating to an “underperform” rating and set a $140.00 price target on the stock. in a research note on Monday, February 13th. Vetr upgraded shares of Boeing from a “strong sell” rating to a “sell” rating and set a $162.71 price target on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 13th. Gabelli reiterated a “buy” rating on shares of Boeing in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Barclays PLC reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $190.00 price target (up previously from $175.00) on shares of Boeing in a research note on Thursday, March 16th. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have assigned a hold rating and fifteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $166.39. In other news, SVP Timothy John Keating sold 32,500 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Friday, May 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $184.51, for a total value of $5,996,575.00. Following the completion of the sale, the senior vice president now directly owns 107,437 shares in the company, valued at approximately $19,823,200.87. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, EVP Leanne G. Caret sold 2,400 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Wednesday, May 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $182.73, for a total transaction of $438,552.00. Following the completion of the sale, the executive vice president now owns 44,710 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $8,169,858.30. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last 90 days, insiders sold 63,403 shares of company stock valued at $11,666,138. Company insiders own 0.58% of the company’s stock. Boeing Company Profile The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Boeing Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News State of Alaska Department of Revenue Increases Position in Greenhill & Co., Inc. (GHL) Starbucks Co. (SBUX) Stake Reduced by West Coast Financial LLC Macnealy Hoover Investment Management Inc. Has $345,000 Stake in Boeing Co (BA) LGT Capital Partners LTD. Boosts Position in Celgene Co. (CELG) Granite Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 3,894 Shares of Boeing Co (BA) Equities Analysts Issue Forecasts for Fidelity National Information Servcs Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (FIS) Equities Analysts Set Expectations for Fiserv Inc’s FY2017 Earnings (FISV) Cantor Fitzgerald Weighs in on Fluidigm Co.’s FY2017 Earnings (FLDM) Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Expected to Earn FY2017 Earnings of $35.91 Per Share FY2017 Earnings Forecast for Johnson Outdoors Inc. (JOUT) Issued By Forward View Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Buys 5,455 Shares of Tripadvisor Inc (TRIP) Ryman Hospitality Properties, Inc. (REIT) (RHP) Stake Lowered by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Beazer Homes USA, Inc. (BZH) Stake Decreased by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Sells 230 Shares of Matson, Inc. (MATX) FARO Technologies, Inc. (FARO) Stake Lowered by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Has $887,000 Stake in Sabra Health Care REIT Inc (SBRA) Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Has $870,000 Stake in Childrens Place Inc (PLCE) Urban Outfitters, Inc. (URBN) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC First Financial Corp IN Has $108,000 Stake in QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Mascoma Wealth Management LLC Increases Position in Comcast Co. (CMCSA) Granite Investment Advisors LLC Acquires 3,894 Shares of Boeing Co (BA) May 14th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Granite Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) by 8.1% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 51,796 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock after buying an additional 3,894 shares during the period. Boeing accounts for about 1.6% of Granite Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings, making the stock its 22nd largest position. Granite Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in Boeing were worth $9,161,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds have also bought and sold shares of BA. Capital World Investors boosted its stake in Boeing by 5.7% in the third quarter. Capital World Investors now owns 50,414,174 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $6,641,563,000 after buying an additional 2,737,375 shares during the period. State Street Corp boosted its stake in Boeing by 4.9% in the fourth quarter. State Street Corp now owns 28,345,503 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $4,412,830,000 after buying an additional 1,323,732 shares during the period. Morgan Stanley boosted its stake in Boeing by 27.0% in the third quarter. Morgan Stanley now owns 5,580,896 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $735,229,000 after buying an additional 1,186,424 shares during the period. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. boosted its stake in Boeing by 1,283.9% in the fourth quarter. Asset Management One Co. Ltd. now owns 1,034,999 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $161,129,000 after buying an additional 960,213 shares during the period. Finally, Capital Research Global Investors boosted its stake in Boeing by 4.3% in the third quarter. Capital Research Global Investors now owns 20,586,605 shares of the aircraft producer’s stock worth $2,712,079,000 after buying an additional 857,985 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 74.66% of the company’s stock. Boeing Co (NYSE:BA) opened at 183.25 on Friday. Boeing Co has a 52 week low of $122.35 and a 52 week high of $187.21. The stock has a 50 day moving average price of $180.26 and a 200 day moving average price of $165.63. The firm has a market cap of $110.61 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 22.58 and a beta of 1.08. Boeing (NYSE:BA) last issued its earnings results on Wednesday, April 26th. The aircraft producer reported $2.01 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.91 by $0.10. Boeing had a return on equity of 239.48% and a net margin of 5.18%. The firm had revenue of $20.98 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $21.27 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm earned $1.74 earnings per share. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was down 7.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts expect that Boeing Co will post $9.39 EPS for the current year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Friday, June 2nd. Investors of record on Friday, May 12th will be issued a $1.42 dividend. This represents a $5.68 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 3.10%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, May 10th. Boeing’s payout ratio is currently 74.25%. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was first posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another website, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of international trademark and copyright laws. The correct version of this piece can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/14/granite-investment-advisors-llc-acquires-3894-shares-of-boeing-co-ba.html. A number of analysts have recently commented on BA shares. Vetr upgraded Boeing from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $183.96 price objective for the company in a research report on Wednesday, April 12th. Gabelli restated a “buy” rating on shares of Boeing in a research report on Friday, April 7th. Cowen and Company boosted their price objective on Boeing from $185.00 to $195.00 and gave the company an “outperform” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc restated a “sell” rating and issued a $134.00 price objective on shares of Boeing in a research report on Thursday, April 27th. Finally, Morgan Stanley cut Boeing from an “overweight” rating to an “equal weight” rating and boosted their price objective for the company from $185.00 to $190.00 in a research report on Monday, March 13th. They noted that the move was a valuation call. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, six have issued a hold rating and fifteen have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $166.39. In related news, EVP Leanne G. Caret sold 2,400 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction on Wednesday, May 3rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $182.73, for a total value of $438,552.00. Following the transaction, the executive vice president now owns 44,710 shares in the company, valued at $8,169,858.30. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through this hyperlink. Also, SVP Bertrand Marc Allen sold 15,470 shares of Boeing stock in a transaction on Tuesday, May 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $183.62, for a total value of $2,840,601.40. Following the completion of the transaction, the senior vice president now owns 43,801 shares in the company, valued at approximately $8,042,739.62. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 63,403 shares of company stock worth $11,666,138 in the last quarter. 0.58% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Boeing The Boeing Company is an aerospace company. The Company’s segments include Commercial Airplanes; Defense, Space & Security (BDS), such as Boeing Military Aircraft (BMA), Network & Space Systems (N&SS) and Global Services & Support (GS&S), and Boeing Capital (BCC). The Commercial Airplanes segment develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft and provides related support services, to the commercial airline industry. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding BA? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Boeing Co (NYSE:BA). Receive News & Ratings for Boeing Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Boeing Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Monday, May 15, 2017  |  Shaban 19, 1438 Business Things to do today UAE Prayer Times People & Politics UAE Weather Sign In Edit Profile Sign Out UAE World Business Sport Arts & Life Opinion Blogs Personal Finance Aviation Banking Economy Energy The Life Markets Media Property Retail Technology Telecoms Travel & Tourism A Boeing 737 MAX with a Leap engine. The plane maker has restarted some flights after engine problems led to the aircraft being grounded. Jason Redmond / AFP Boeing resumes some 737 Max test flights May 14, 2017 Updated: May 14, 2017 01:31 PM Related Boeing halts new Max jet liner test flights as debut looms American Airlines shrinks legroom on new 737 jetliners Canada’s second-largest airline’s profit nosedives ahead of fleet expansion Dubai Aerospace Enterprise buys 263-plane leasing firm Related Boeing halts new Max jet liner test flights as debut looms American Airlines shrinks legroom on new 737 jetliners Canada’s second-largest airline’s profit nosedives ahead of fleet expansion Dubai Aerospace Enterprise buys 263-plane leasing firm Boeing resumed flights of its new 737 Max jetliners on a limited basis at the weekend, setting the stage for the first commercial delivery after a potential engine flaw temporarily grounded the single-aisle aircraft. Regulators cleared the planes to fly as long as they are powered by spare engines that do not include the possibly defective part, the Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said. The supplier CFM International, a joint venture of General Electric and Safran, alerted the plane maker late last week to a manufacturing quality problem with low-pressure turbine discs in the Leap engines. Boeing is racing to inspect the engines and meet delivery commitments to Indonesia’s Lion Mentari Airlines, the largest Max customer. Lion Air’s delivery has been delayed four days, and it will receive the first one on May 22, said the director Edward Sirait. The Lion affiliate Malindo Airways will use the first jet. "The plan remains to start deliveries this month," he said. Norwegian Air Shuttle is also slated to receive its first 737 Max in late May. On Wednesday, Boeing revealed a possible quality or manufacturing defect in the Leap 1-B model, created specifically for the Max. The plane-maker hadn’t detected any issues with the low pressure turbine during more than 2,000 hours of flight testing. Boeing also had a small stash of Leap engines on hand that were unaffected, Alder said. Inspectors will tear down and examine about 30 affected engines at facilities in the United States and France, said Rick Kennedy, a spokesman for GE. The components came from a single disc supplier, and the 737 Max planes being flown now use discs from two other manufacturers. Bloomberg Pages: Add your comment View all comments More Aviation Boeing resumes some 737 Max test flights Emirates group full year profit falls 70 per cent as airline grapples with higher costs and reduced fares Airlines face difficulty as they report lower profit margins, Iata says Analysis: As Emirates looks ahead, it faces a tricky balancing act MOST VIEWED Business | All Marsa Al Arab project near Burj Al Arab to feature two new luxury islands Marsa Al Arab: Dubai’s next mega-project unveiled - video Two kilometres of beaches, two man-made islands and a displaced water park: Dubai’s Marsa Al Arab megaproject – in pictures Most Dubai shoppers turn to online retailers for frequent purchases UAE on high alert over WannaCry attack Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, Q1 2017 – in pictures Afghanistan may be a major jewel in China’s Belt and Road Initiative Saudi Aramco takes tentative steps on IPO disclosure path Giving stocks as gifts, and other Warren Buffett techniques from the woman who studied them Emaar residential launches lift profit amid ‘positive economy’ More Most Viewed Emirati fisherman recovering after shark attack off Khorfakkan Marsa Al Arab project near Burj Al Arab to feature two new luxury islands Serving Emirati food will be mandatory for Abu Dhabi hotels UAE drivers to have black points for minor offences wiped off licences Dubai Ruler meets Queen Elizabeth II at UK horse endurance race - in pictures Dubai Police hunt for man who jumped from car to motorcycle on Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed Road Marsa Al Arab: Dubai’s next mega-project unveiled - video Mohammed bin Zayed visits Trump ahead of US president’s trip to Saudi Arabia ‘Only a matter of time’ until ransomware virus hits UAE, experts say New school calendar means longer winter break for pupils in Dubai and Northern Emirates More Most Viewed Back to the top EDITOR'S PICKS Your Money blog: How to get your finances in order before you start investing Weak demand and increasing supply hurt prospects for Abu Dhabi property Where Dubai rents have risen and fallen, Q1 2017 – in pictures Where Abu Dhabi rents have risen and fallen, 2016 – in pictures FOLLOW US Tweets by @TheNationalUAE SPOTLIGHT The UAE is well placed to take the lead in renewable energy storage West Bank votes in election which underlines Palestinian split Switch to Mobile Site About us Contact us Work with us Privacy policy Terms and conditions Advertise with us Subscribe Sitemap super.ae alittihad.ae thenational.ae anazahra.com ngalarabiya.com adtv.ae adradio.ae admedia.ae
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 28 mins S&P 500 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Dow 30 20,896.61 -22.81 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,121.23 +5.27 (+0.09%) Boeing resumes 737 MAX test flights after brief grounding Reuters May 12, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share (Adds details) By Alwyn Scott May 12 (Reuters) - Boeing Co said on Friday it resumed test flights of its $110-million 737 MAX 8 jetliner, just two days after saying it had grounded the entire fleet to address an engine problem. The resumption of flights, which the plane maker said was backed by air safety regulators, is good news for Boeing and engine-maker CFM International, a joint venture between General Electric Co and Safran SA of France. CFM had said flaws in the forging of a disc inside the engine could have led to cracks. Boeing grounded the fleet late last week, and announced it on Wednesday, just days before it planned to deliver its first 737 MAX 8 to an airline. Inability to fly the plane could have threatened Boeing's ability to deliver the new jetliners on time. The company said a 737 MAX 8 took off around 12:15 pm Pacific Time on Friday. Boeing spokesman Doug Alder said regulators supported the resumption of flights. "Our plan remains to start deliveries this month," he said, noting the flights are with planes that do not have the suspect discs. Alder declined to say when the inspection and possible repair of any engines with the suspect discs would be complete. The engines, known as the LEAP-1B, were being shipped back to plants in Lafayette, Indiana, and Villeroche, France, for inspection. Safran Aircraft Engines Chief Executive Olivier Andries told reporters on Thursday that the company hoped to fix the problem "within a few weeks." Alder also declined to estimate the potential cost, or say whether any faulty discs had been found so far. The problem stemmed from a forging issue noticed on low-pressure turbine discs after they were sent to CFM from a supplier. A second supplier had stepped up production, CFM said. Andries said on Thursday that CFM still hoped to deliver as many as 500 LEAP engines this year, including variants used by Airbus And China's COMAC. (Reporting by Alwyn Scott in Seattle and Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next 1 Big Reason Why Boeing's Dreamliner Profitability Is Set to Rise -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool GOP wins in reversing Obama-era rules on guns, environment Associated Press Trump is reportedly considering a massive White House shakeup Business Insider Warren Buffett gives employees the one thing they really need to be successful Yahoo Finance The Trumponomics report card Yahoo Finance Video Home Depot, Walmart — What to watch in the markets this week Yahoo Finance How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Finance Sears CEO's master plan to profit off the demise of his stores is taking a turn for the worst Business Insider This chart watcher says a classic market theory could presage a 15-20% drop in stocks CNBC Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, The Finale Yahoo Finance Video REVEALED: The hedge funds who bought Snap Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett says if you want steady reliable returns, this instrument 'makes the most sense' CNBC Secretary of State Rex Tillerson: I Won’t ‘Compromise My Own Values’ for Trump Fortune In Wisconsin, ID law proved insurmountable for many voters Associated Press What to Watch in the Markets in the Week Ahead Yahoo Finance Video Stocks waver as retail wreck rolls on Yahoo Finance Donald Trump could be impeached over firing of James Comey, says professor who called election chilly: The only way Trump gets impeached is if republicans choose America over billionaires... fat chance of that happening. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Ebola Virus Outbreak Amtrak Crash TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement News U.S. news World Investigations Crime & Courts Asian America Latino NBCBLK News May 12 2017, 12:19 pm ET Faulty Repairs Cause $4 Million in Damage to Air Force One’s Oxygen System by Hans Nichols Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement One of the president's Air Force One planes was put at risk when mechanics used contaminated tools during "heavy maintenance" last April, causing roughly $4 million in damages, according to the Air Force. The contamination occurred in April of last year while President Barack Obama was still president. Because of unsafe cleaning procedures, there was a risk of fire breaking out on the plane. Secret Service agents stand by as Air Force One departs from Dallas Love Field Airport March 12, 2016 in Dallas. Ashley Landis / Getty Images pool file Three Boeing mechanics working on the plane, "failed to follow proper maintenance procedures leading to the contamination of the oxygen system," according to a report by the Air Force Materiel Command. They were working on a VC-25A, one of two specially configured Boeing 747-200B aircraft, which are known as Air Force One when they fly the president. Boeing repaid for the damages at its own expense. After he was elected but before he assumed office, President Donald Trump threatened to cancel an order with Boeing for two updated 747's that would join the Air Force One fleet. Play Facebook Twitter Embed Inside Trump's Beef With Boeing Over Air Force One 2:07 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/827068995570" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> "Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion," he said on twitter. "Cancel order!" But on his inaugural flight as president, he called one of the current versions "beautiful," and a "great plane." Hans Nichols Twitter Email Topics U.S. news, Military First Published May 12 2017, 12:19 pm ET Next Story 'WannaCry' Malware Attack Could Just Be Getting Started: Experts advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman In-Flight Entertainment & Connectivity (IFEC) Market to worth over USD 8.5 billion by 2024 : Global Market Insights Inc. In-Flight Entertainment & Connectivity (IFEC) Market size was valued at over USD 3 billion in 2015 and is expected to reach USD 8.5 billion by 2024, growing at 13.3% CAGR from 2016 to 2024. Need for increasing passenger travel time experience, development of innovative wireless solutions on BYOD (bring your own device) and growing availability of HD contents are anticipated to drive industry demand. The technology includes moving map systems, audio and video entertainment, personal televisions and in-flight movies. Furthermore, audio and video entertainment provides passengers with a wide range of movies, videos and music libraries. Connectivity services include satellite and internal telephony, data communication and Wi-Fi. Request for an in-depth table of contents for this report @ www.gminsights.com/request-toc/upcoming/691 Increasing demand for comfort accompanied by commercial aviation & fleet expansion are expected to fuel in-flight entertainment and connectivity market growth through 2024. Launch of high throughput satellite (HTS) has enabled added connectivity through Ka band for geo-positioning services, media content and several other applications. The rising prominence of digital advertising as well as free Wi-Fi services is predicted to propel in-flight entertainment and connectivity market size in the coming years. For instance, in 2015, Global Eagle Entertainment (GEE) tied up with Fiji Airways for introducing advertising sales and sponsorship spots. In July 2016, Finnair announced to install Wi-Fi for the A330 fleet and selected airbus aircrafts serving long & short-haul routes. The installation of Wi-Fi on its long haul routes is expected to complete by May 2017. Transavia and Qantas airlines are providing Samsung VR to passengers featuring movies, virtual tour of cockpit or virtual flight tracker. Huge investments associated with the technology, stringent regulatory framework by Federal Aviation Authority (FAA), and high installation costs may hamper growth. Demand for advance digital content along with high maintenance associated with installations may pose a challenge to the in-flight entertainment and connectivity market size. In October 2013, FAA allowed the use of PEDs (portable electronic devices) inside flight by following regulatory norms assigned by FCC (Federal Communications Commission). These efforts are expected to strengthen IFEC market growth over the forecast period. In-flight entertainment and connectivity market share can be segmented by product into hardware, connectivity and content. Hardware can be further segregated into portable and non-portable devices. On the basis of content, it can be categorized into movies, TV shows, music, radio and games. Hardware suppliers have been shifting focus towards content service delivery, thereby positioning themselves as system integrators. For instance, hardware vendors such as Panasonic Avionics Corporation have formed a strategic alliance to add international content as a part of their hardware in-flight entertainment and connectivity system package. They have obtained contracts from live television service suppliers to fulfill this purpose. In September 2011, Panasonic unveiled eXW wireless streaming media solution catering to consumer’s preferred demands. Thales group in September 2012 announced that LAN Airlines is appointing for AVA wireless streaming media solution owing to shift in passenger’s preference from stored content browsing to web based access. Make an inquiry for buying this report @ www.gminsights.com/inquiry-before-buying/691 Based on aircraft type, the industry can be classified into business jets, narrow-body aircraft (NBA), very large aircraft (VLA), wide-body aircraft (WBA). The industry expects potential demands from WBA such as Boeing, 747, 767 and 787 Dreamliner, owing to high adoption of these systems. The NBA segment (for example Boeing 757, Airbus 320 and Boeing 737) is forecast to gradually gain more importance due to low turnaround time, increased frequency and optimal fuel management. U.S. in-flight entertainment and connectivity market will remain a major regional segment through the forecast timeline due to improved high speed broadband support infrastructure, growing data usage in air & ground applications and customizable features offered to its users. Asia Pacific is anticipated to witness rapid growth due to rising consumer living standards and growing air travel frequency. Key participants are Panasonic Avionics, GoGo, OnAir, Honeywell, Global Eagle Entertainment, Inmarsat, Rockwell Collins, Thales, and Zodiac Aerospace. Several participants are focusing on mergers and acquisitions in order to enhance their service portfolio with high speed services at economical rates in single and twin-aisle aircraft. Browse Related Reports: • Commercial Aviation Crew Management Systems Market Size, Industry Analysis Report, Regional Outlook (U.S., Germany, UK, Italy, Russia, China, India, Japan, South Korea, Brazil, Mexico, Saudi Arabia, UAE, South Africa), Application Development Potential, Price Trends, Competitive Market Share & Forecast, 2017 – 2024 www.gminsights.com/industry-analysis/commercial-aviation-… About Global Market Insights: Global Market Insights, Inc., headquartered in Delaware, U.S., is a global market research and consulting service provider; offering syndicated and custom research reports along with growth consulting services. Our business intelligence and industry research reports offer clients with penetrative insights and actionable market data specially designed and presented to aid strategic decision making. These exhaustive reports are designed via a proprietary research methodology and are available for key industries such as chemicals, advanced materials, technology, renewable energy and biotechnology. Contact Us: Arun Hegde Corporate Sales, USA Global Market Insights, Inc. Phone: 1-302-846-7766 Toll Free: 1-888-689-0688 Email: sales@gminsights.com Web: www.gminsights.com Blog: gminsights.wordpress.com Connect with us: Facebook | Google+ | LinkedIn | Twitter This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsMedia & Telecommunications Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Genoa Pharmaceuticals Secures $62 Million Series A Financing, Adds to Leadership Team Next PostNext EMEA (Europe, Middle East and Africa) Baby Milk Powder Market Report 2017-Market Research Report Store Search Recent Posts Afghan women have an important role to play in achieving peace in Afghanistan 2017 to 2022 Global Rotary Tattoo Machines Sales Market Research Analysis Report U.S. Census Bureau Daily Feature for May 15: Police Week UBank Unveils RoboChat, Australia’s First Virtual Assistant For Home Loan Applications Integrated With IBM Watson Eldorado to Acquire Integra Gold Corporation RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global And China Unmanned Aircraft System Industry 2017 Market Research Report If you want to ask a sample report or make an order, please contact us: Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ In this report, the global Unmanned Aircraft System market is valued at USD XX million in 2016 and is expected to reach USD XX million by the end of 2022, growing at a CAGR of XX% between 2016 and 2022. The Global And China Unmanned Aircraft System Industry 2017 Market Research Report is a professional and in-depth study on the current state of the Unmanned Aircraft System industry. Firstly, the report provides a basic overview of the industry including definitions, classifications, applications and industry chain structure. The Unmanned Aircraft System market analysis is provided for the international market including development history, competitive landscape analysis, and major regions’ development status. Secondly, development policies and plans are discussed as well as manufacturing processes and cost structures. This report also states import/export, supply and consumption figures as well as cost, price, revenue and gross margin by regions (United States, EU, China and Japan), and other regions can be added. Then, the report focuses on global major leading industry players with information such as company profiles, product picture and specification, capacity, production, price, cost, revenue and contact information. Upstream raw materials, equipment and downstream consumers analysis is also carried out. What’s more, the Unmanned Aircraft System industry development trends and marketing channels are analyzed. Finally, the feasibility of new investment projects is assessed, and overall research conclusions are offered. In a word, the report provides major statistics on the state of the industry and is a valuable source of guidance and direction for companies and individuals interested in the market. Global Unmanned Aircraft System market competition by top manufacturers, with production, price, revenue (value) and market share for each manufacturer; the top players including Lockheed Martin Northrop Grumman Boeing Da-Jiang Parrot SA 3D Robotics AeroVironment Xaircraft AscTec ………. If you want to ask a sample report or make an order, please contact us: Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ Key Topics Covered:  Chapter One Industry Overview of Unmanned Aircraft System Chapter Two Manufacturing Cost Structure Analysis of Unmanned Aircraft System Chapter Three Technical Data and Manufacturing Plants Analysis of Unmanned Aircraft System Chapter Four Capacity, Production and Revenue Analysis of Unmanned Aircraft System by Regions, Types and Manufacturers Chapter Five Price, Cost, Gross and Gross Margin Analysis of Unmanned Aircraft System by Regions, Types and Manufacturers Chapter Six Consumption Volume, Consumption Value and Sale Price Analysis of Unmanned Aircraft System by Regions, Types and Applications Chapter Seven Supply, Import, Export and Consumption Analysis of Unmanned Aircraft System Chapter Eight Major Manufacturers Analysis of Unmanned Aircraft System Chapter Nine Marketing Trader or Distributor Analysis of Unmanned Aircraft System Chapter Ten Industry Chain Analysis of Unmanned Aircraft System Chapter Eleven Development Trend of Analysis of Unmanned Aircraft System Chapter Twelve New Project Investment Feasibility Analysis of Unmanned Aircraft System Chapter Thirteen Conclusion of the Global Unmanned Aircraft System Industry 2017 Market Research Report Related Reports: Japan Unmanned Aircraft System Industry Market Research Report 2017 China Unmanned Aircraft System Industry Market Research Report 2017 Europe Unmanned Aircraft System Industry Market Research Report 2017 United States Unmanned Aircraft System Industry Market Research Report 2017 India Unmanned Aircraft System Industry Market Research Report 2017 Note:We also offer Germany/Korea/Australia/Brazil/Russia/India/Indonesia/Malaysia/Europe/Asia/Asia-Pacific/North America/Latin America/South America/AMER/EMEA/Africa etc Countries/Regions and Sales/Industry Versions Respectively Thank you so much for reading the article. If you are interested in the report or have any question, please feel free to contact me. Looking forward to your email. Lynne | Sr. Manager – Global Sales QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher. QYResearch focus on Market Survey and Research Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ QYResearch established in 2007, focus on custom research, management consulting, IPO consulting, industry chain research, data base and seminar services. the company owned a large basic data base (such as National Bureau of statistics database, Customs import and export database, Industry Association Database etc), experts resources (included energy automotive chemical medical ICT consumer goods etc industries experts who own more than 10 years experiences on marketing or R&D), professional survey team (the team member with more than 3 years market survey experience and more than 2 years depth expert interview experience),Excellent data analysis team (SPSS statistics and PPT graphics process team); QYResearch has always pursuit product quality, adhere to the quality is the soul of business. Through the companys years of effort and a lot of customer support, QYResearch consulting group creative design method of many high-quality markets investigation and research team with rich experience. Today, QYResearch brand has become the consulting industry with quality assurance consulting brand. The company has 2500 global well-known customers, covering energy automobile pharmaceutical chemical agriculture more than 30 industries, services from the data analysis and recommendations-Consulting landing one-stop solution, and research regions cover China,US,EU,Asia,Middle East and Africa,South America,Australia,etc Global all regions,and also built research or marketing center in China USA UK France Hongkong etc regions. currently, QYResearch has become the first choice and worth trusted consulting brand in Global and China business consulting services. Lynne | Sr. Manager – Global Sales QYResearch CO.,LIMITED Professional Market Research Report Publisher. QYResearch focus on Market Survey and Research Email: lynne@qyresearch.com Web: qyresearchglobal.com/ Room 2311 VILI International Building No.167 Linhe West Road Tianhe District Guangzhou City Guangdong Province.  This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsBusiness, Economy, Finances, Banking & Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rugby Equipment Market Professional Survey Report 2017 Analysis and Forecasts to 2022 Next PostNext Touchscreen Controller Market Shares, Strategies, and Forecasts, Worldwide, 2016 to 2025 |The Insight Partners Search Recent Posts Smart Learning Systems Global Market Size, Share, Demand, Growth, Opportunities, Analysis of Top Key Player and Forecast to 2022 Real estate market sustainable by design not accident Global Rugby Balls Market 2017 Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Data Center Physical Security Market Research Report 2025 -Market Size and Forecast |The Insight Partners High Performance Data Analytics Market to 2025 Forecast & Future Industry Trends |The Insight Partners RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits Startup Resources Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Alphabet’s Waymo will partner with Lyft on self-driving technology Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin says BE-4 rocket test goes awry, but tests will resume soon This high-school freshman went to Microsoft Build: What he learned about AI, the cloud and the future Microsoft calls out NSA, CIA for ‘stockpiling of vulnerabilities’ after major ransomware cyberattack Paul Allen calls inaugural Upstream Festival a success with 30K attendees, 360 performances Inside a ‘secret show,’ Shins frontman James Mercer talks apps, musical inspiration and more Week in Review: Most popular stories on GeekWire for the week of May 7, 2017 Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Seattle entrepreneur Matt Hulett joins Pioneer Square Labs to pursue new ideas in eSports The race for machine learning talent continues, as Apple acquires Madrona-backed Lattice Data GeekWire Calendar Picks: Explore art and science at Consilience; get feedback on your next great startup idea; and more Seattle Children’s Hospital to test new VR medical technology that could change the lives of patients Interview: Astronaut Mike Massimino looks back at Hubble – and looks ahead to space tourism Amazon says caller blocking for Alexa/Echo is coming, amid customer complaints Microsoft issues ‘highly unusual’ ransomware patch for XP and other old Windows versions This Week in Seattle: AG won’t stop suing Trump, Amazon HQ to host homeless shelter, new bike shares ride into town Microsoft Build recap and analysis: Key takeaways from the big developer event The Week in Geek: A historic Echo-to-Echo call, a new direction for Windows, and tech’s ‘megalopolis’ GeekWire Deals: Build a beautiful website with SnapPages—no design experience needed Hip-hop star Macklemore on handling success, working with radio, and his loyalty to Seattle Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Welcome to the new West Coast ‘megalopolis:’ Diving into the complex relationship between Seattle and Silicon Valley Python in Seattle, JavaScript in NYC? Study reveals top coding languages across major cities Amazon to create permanent shelter for homeless families on its Seattle campus ‘You know who can afford a house in Seattle?’ Code Fellows pulls divisive ad touting software salaries Jeff Bezos explains Amazon’s artificial intelligence and machine learning strategy Real estate lawyer sues Zillow, calls Zestimate a ‘tremendous roadblock’ to selling her home Trump signs cybersecurity executive order, mandating a move to cloud computing Go play near traffic! City of Seattle to officially open Arcade Park, as Pac-Man chomps pavement Microsoft issues ‘highly unusual’ ransomware patch for XP and other old Windows versions Warren Buffett praises Jeff Bezos — but has one word for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares Elon Musk’s Tesla starts taking orders for solar glass roof tiles; delivery due this year Living on the edge: Microsoft prepares developers for shift to edge computing Why doesn’t Harvard want to talk about its mystery Microsoft Azure project? Amazon unveils $230 touch-screen ‘Echo Show’ and Alexa voice calling Former Bitly CMO returns to Seattle, creates VC fund to provide NW startups with more early-stage cash Amazon Music product leader explains why Alexa is only available in 3 countries so far Warning: Elon Musk posts dizzying views of his first tunnel boring tests in L.A. Microsoft PowerPoint’s new trick: Real-time language translation LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman: This is the common trait of every successful startup Trending: Paul Allen calls inaugural Upstream Festival a success with 30K attendees, 360 performances Space & Science Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin says BE-4 rocket test goes awry, but tests will resume soon by Alan Boyle on May 14, 2017 at 6:12 pmMay 14, 2017 at 10:05 pm Comments  1 Share  36 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! In a photo from March 2017, the BE-4 rocket engine’s powerpack is installed on a stand at Blue Origin’s West Texas proving ground for start transient testing. (Blue Origin Photo) In a rare update, the Blue Origin space venture founded by Amazon billionaire Jeff Bezos reported that it lost a set of powerpack test hardware for its BE-4 rocket engine over the weekend, but added that such a setback is “not unusual” during development. “That’s why we always set up our development programs to be hardware-rich,” the company tweeted today. “Back into testing soon.” Blue Origin is headquartered in Kent, Wash., but the BE-4 is being tested at its facility in West Texas, on ranchland owned by Bezos. The current round of engine testing is key to the company’s fortunes: Blue Origin is planning to use the BE-4, which is powered by liquefied natural gas, on its own New Glenn orbital-class rocket. Blue Origin already has started lining up satellite customers for the New Glenn. In addition, Boeing is said to be considering a modified version of the BE-4 for its proposed XS-1 military space plane. Most crucially, the BE-4 is the “Plan A” propulsion system for United Launch Alliance’s next-generation Vulcan launch vehicle, which is meant to take the place of ULA’s workhorse Atlas 5 rocket. “Plan B” is Aerojet Rocketdyne’s AR-1 engine, which is currently behind the BE-4 in development but completed a critical design review last week. Aerojet says the AR-1 will become available in 2019. ULA has said the outcome of Blue Origin’s full-scale BE-4 engine tests will determine whether it goes with Plan A or Plan B, with billions of dollars at stake for the companies concerned. The BE-4 and Aerojet’s kerosene-fueled AR-1 are both designed to provide more than 500,000 pounds of thrust, but Blue Origin’s approach is considered riskier because it requires creating a new type of engine. Blue Origin’s advantage is that it’s been working on the technology for several years already, funded primarily by Bezos (with some investment from ULA). Bezos sent out tweets showing off the first fully assembled BE-4 engine in March. Correction for 10 p.m. PT May 14: Aerojet’s engine is the AR-1, not the AR-4 (as previously reported). Love space and science? Sign up for our GeekWire Space & Science email newsletter for top headlines from Alan Boyle, GeekWire’s aerospace and science editor. GeekWire aerospace and science editor Alan Boyle is an award-winning science writer and veteran space reporter. Formerly of NBCNews.com, he is the author of "The Case for Pluto: How a Little Planet Made a Big Difference." Follow him via CosmicLog.com, on Twitter @b0yle, and on Facebook and Google+. Comments 1 Share  36 Tweet Share  4 Reddit Email Previous StoryThis high-school freshman went to Microsoft Build: What he learned about AI, the cloud and the future Next StoryAlphabet’s Waymo will partner with Lyft on self-driving technology Filed Under: Space  Tagged With: BE-4 rocket engine • Blue Origin • commercial space GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Jeff Bezos gives a geeky boost to Blue Origin’s BE-4 rocket engine boost pump Jeff Bezos introduces Eutelsat as Blue Origin’s first New Glenn rocket customer Jeff Bezos does a deep dive into bearings in Blue Origin’s BE-4 rocket engine update Jeff Bezos’ Blue Origin space venture has plans for big expansion of Seattle-area HQ Previous StoryThis high-school freshman went to Microsoft Build: What he learned about AI, the cloud and the future Next StoryAlphabet’s Waymo will partner with Lyft on self-driving technology Subscribe to GeekWire's Space & Science weekly newsletter Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: Build a beautiful website with SnapPages—no design experience needed GeekWire Deals: A crazy-affordable waterproof camera to capture your summer adventures Most Popular on GeekWire Saturday Night Live spoof: Amazon ‘Echo Silver’ is ‘designed for the greatest generation’ Welcome to the new West Coast ‘megalopolis:’ Diving into the complex relationship between Seattle and Silicon Valley Python in Seattle, JavaScript in NYC? Study reveals top coding languages across major cities Amazon to create permanent shelter for homeless families on its Seattle campus Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. VP Software EngineeringAllrecipes / Meredith Digital Associate Systems EngineerWildTangent, Inc. Marketing DirectorSeeq Corporation × Subscribe to GeekWire Newsletters Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers A Word From Our Sponsors Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Non-Compete Agreements: Ties that bind the unwary, often unfairly Read More Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Venture investing in the Pacific Northwest stays strong Read More Do you love sports? Have a passion for technology and innovation? Get your tickets to this one-of-a-kind event here. Seattle University’s Master of Software Engineering Information session May 8th & June 5th Non-Compete Agreements: Ties that bind the unwary, often unfairly Read More Your Adventure Awaits at Suncadia Your adventure awaits at picksuncadia.com. Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Windows Phone Windows 8 Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video North Korea says new missile can carry nuclear warhead German leader’s party wins key regional vote Attorney General Becerra urges Cal grads to fight for change Experts fear surge of extortion plot victims as workweek opens News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Trade groups appeal to Beijing to postpone cybersecurity law North Korea: New long-range missile can carry heavy nuke Schools face vexing test: Which kids will sexually attack? Roadside bombing wounds 4 paramilitary troops in Pakistan Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Warriors overcome 25-point deficit to take Game 1 from Spurs Gregg Popovich says Steve Kerr has ‘gone through hell’ past 2 Giants win third straight with rare onslaught of runs Zaza Pachulia defends play on which Kawhi Leonard got injured Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Thousands of flights could be affected by proposed laptop ban Apple wants to transform historic Carnegie Library Chinatown sees tourism slowdown, blames Trump travel ban SF to Uber: Provide driver info — it’s the law A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Page and stage natural bedfellows in ‘Smut’ The latest from Dear Abby The Lorraine Hansberry produces ‘Home,’ finds one In “Snatched,” Amy Schumer grabs at film comedy stardom Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog No Blue Bottle for Lower Haight following neighborhood opposition Thousands of baby salmon die in hatchery mishap Hayes Valley's Boxing Room to turn into Spanish spot named 'Avocado hand' is sending people to the ER because people don't Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis NorCal couple weds on Mount Everest and the photos are How to design a sustainable home 10 best spots for trailer & yurt camping Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Westin Nanea Ocean Villas offer memories of Hawaii’s royal past New and renovated SF hotels ready for summer season Hangzhou: Dynamic city steeped in ancient mystique Pint-size carry-ons that fit new budget fare limits Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog ‘Storybook’ four-bedroom Tudor in historic Hot Property: Custom-built Glen Park home features amazing views Epic $8.4-million Santa Cruz cliff house has floating glass Kentfield estate enjoys sunny pool deck, idyllic locale Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Busting through job search fears Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/Mining-the-moon-for-rocket-fuel-to-get-us-to-Mars-11145524.php Mining the moon for rocket fuel to get us to Mars Gary Li, University of California, Los Angeles Updated 5:21 pm, Sunday, May 14, 2017 Gary Li, University of California, Los Angeles; Danielle DeLatte, University of Tokyo; Jerome Gilleron, Georgia Institute of Technology; Samuel Wald, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Therese Jones, Pardee RAND Graduate School (THE CONVERSATION) Forty-five years have passed since humans last set foot on an extraterrestrial body. Now, the moon is back at the center of efforts not only to explore space, but to create a permanent, independent space-faring society. Planning expeditions to Earth’s nearest celestial neighbor is no longer just a NASA effort, though the U.S. space agency has plans for a moon-orbiting space station that would serve as a staging ground for Mars missions in the early 2030s. The United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing, is planning a lunar fueling station for spacecraft, capable of supporting 1,000 people living in space within 30 years. Billionaires Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos and Robert Bigelow all have companies aiming to deliver people or goods to the moon. Several teams competing for a share of Google’s US$30 million cash prize are planning to launch rovers to the moon. Latest news videos We and 27 other students from around the world recently participated in the 2017 Caltech Space Challenge, proposing designs of what a lunar launch and supply station for deep space missions might look like, and how it would work. Right now all space missions are based on, and launched from, Earth. But Earth’s gravitational pull is strong. To get into orbit, a rocket has to be traveling 11 kilometers a second – 25,000 miles per hour! Any rocket leaving Earth has to carry all the fuel it will ever use to get to its destination and, if needed, back again. That fuel is heavy – and getting it moving at such high speeds takes a lot of energy. If we could refuel in orbit, that launch energy could lift more people or cargo or scientific equipment into orbit. Then the spacecraft could refuel in space, where Earth’s gravity is less powerful. The moon has one-sixth the gravity of Earth, which makes it an attractive alternative base. The moon also has ice, which we already know how to process into a hydrogen-oxygen propellant that we use in many modern rockets. NASA’s Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter and Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite missions have already found substantial amounts of ice in permanently shadowed craters on the moon. Those locations would be tricky to mine because they are colder and offer no sunlight to power roving vehicles. However, we could install big mirrors on the craters’ rims to illuminate solar panels in the permanently shadowed regions. Rovers from Google’s Lunar X Prize competition and NASA’s Lunar Resource Prospector, set to launch in 2020, would also contribute to finding good locations to mine ice. Depending on where the best ice reserves are, we might need to build several small robotic moon bases. Each one would mine ice, manufacture liquid propellant and transfer it to passing spacecraft. Our team developed plans to accomplish those tasks with three different types of rovers. Our plans also require a few small robotic shuttles to meet up with nearby deep-space mission vehicles in lunar orbit. One rover, which we call the Prospector, would explore the moon and find ice-bearing locations. A second rover, the Constructor, would follow along behind, building a launch pad and packing down roadways to ease movements for the third rover type, the Miners, which actually collect the ice and deliver it to nearby storage tanks and an electrolysis processing plant that splits water into hydrogen and oxygen. The Constructor would also build a landing pad where the small near-moon transport spacecraft we call Lunar Resupply Shuttles would arrive to collect fuel for delivery as newly launched spacecraft pass by the moon. The shuttles would burn moon-made fuel and would have advanced guidance and navigation systems to travel between lunar bases and their target spacecraft. When enough fuel is being produced, and the shuttle delivery system is tested and reliable, our plan calls for building a gas station in space. The shuttles would deliver ice directly to the orbiting fuel depot, where it would be processed into fuel and where rockets heading to Mars or elsewhere could dock to top up. The depot would have large solar arrays powering an electrolysis module for melting the ice and then turning the water into fuel, and large fuel tanks to store what’s made. NASA is already working on most of the technology needed for a depot like this, including docking and fuel transfer. We anticipate a working depot could be ready in the early 2030s, just in time for the first human missions to Mars. To be most useful and efficient, the depot should be located in a stable orbit relatively near both the Earth and the moon. The Earth-moon Lagrangian Point 1 (L1) is a point in space about 85 percent of the way from Earth to the moon, where the force of Earth’s gravity would exactly equal the force of the moon’s gravity pulling in the other direction. It’s the perfect pit stop for a spacecraft on its way to Mars or the outer planets. Our team also found a fuel-efficient way to get spacecraft from Earth orbit to the depot at L1, requiring even less launch fuel and freeing up more lift energy for cargo items. First, the spacecraft would launch from Earth into Low Earth Orbit with an empty propellant tank. Then, the spacecraft and its cargo could be towed from Low Earth Orbit to the depot at L1 using a solar electric propulsion tug, a spacecraft largely propelled by solar-powered electric thrusters. This would let us triple the payload delivery to Mars. At present, a human Mars mission is estimated to cost as much as US$100 billion, and will need hundreds of tons of cargo. Delivering more cargo from Earth to Mars with fewer rocket launches would save billions of dollars and years of time. Building a gas station between Earth and the moon would also reduce costs for missions beyond Mars. NASA is looking for extraterrestrial life on the moons of Saturn and Jupiter. Future spacecraft could carry much more cargo if they could refuel in space – who knows what scientific discoveries sending large exploration vehicles to these moons could enable? By helping us escape both Earth’s gravity and dependence on its resources, a lunar gas station could be the first small step toward the giant leap into making humanity an interplanetary civilization. This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article here: http://theconversation.com/mining-the-moon-for-rocket-fuel-to-get-us-to-mars-76123. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Emmy-winning actor Boothe dies at 68 ESPN reporter hospitalized after scare at Warriors game Robbery suspect shot in chest by Fairfield store clerk 4 teens cited for battering man on BART CHP officers find kitten clinging to underside of patrol car Nudists to celebrate 'Summer of Love' with SF parade Depp to play notorious Silicon Valley tycoon N. Korea says new missile can carry `large' nuclear warhead Leonard isn't mad at Zaza over injury, but fans on Twitter are Warriors rally from 25 down to beat Spurs in Game 1 Local celeb brothers snag photos with Curry after Game 1 Iguodala sits out second half of Game 1 with injury SF native reportedly in consideration to replace Sean Spicer Clapper: US government 'under assault' by Trump Woman unknowingly wears engagement ring for over a year Couple’s wedding registry to help out SF animal shelter 2 California senators at center of Trump-Comey storm Loneliness of a GOP centrist in Berkeley TODAY'S TOP PICKS Twitter not kind to new Miss USA over health care, feminism 'Big Bang Theory' star makes a bang with partner in New York Teammates get chuckle out of Draymond's teen look Most Popular 1 Trump reportedly considering replacing Spicer with Bay Area's... 2 Woman unwittingly wears engagement ring for over a year before... 3 Scientists identify 50-foot creature that washed up on an... 4 Warriors overcome 25-point deficit to take Game 1 from Spurs 5 Warriors get kick out of Draymond Green’s teenage afro 6 Family says JetBlue booted it from flight over a birthday cake 7 Powers Boothe, Emmy-Winning Character Actor, Dies at 68 8 'Big Bang Theory' star makes a bang with partner in New York 9 Palo Alto-native Franco brothers sit courtside, snag photos... 10 Nudists to celebrate 'Summer of Love' with parade through San... LATEST NEWS Emmy-winning actor Boothe dies at 68 ESPN reporter hospitalized after scare at Warriors game Robbery suspect shot in chest by Fairfield store clerk 4 teens cited for battering man on BART CHP officers find kitten clinging to underside of patrol car Nudists to celebrate 'Summer of Love' with SF parade Depp to play notorious Silicon Valley tycoon N. Korea says new missile can carry `large' nuclear warhead View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Editions Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Sections Home Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Search Services Newsletter Read on Play Newsstand Information Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Contact us Donate Friends of The Conversation Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Edition: Available editions United States Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom Donate Become an author Sign up as a reader Sign in Get newsletter Search Academic rigor, journalistic flair Arts + Culture Economy + Business Education Environment + Energy Ethics + Religion Health + Medicine Politics + Society Science + Technology Follow Topics Scientists at work Mining the moon for rocket fuel to get us to Mars May 14, 2017 8.04pm EDT Gary Li, Danielle DeLatte, Jerome Gilleron, Samuel Wald, and Therese Jones Authors Gary Li Ph.D. Candidate in Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, University of California, Los Angeles Danielle DeLatte Ph.D. Student in Aeronautics & Astronautics, University of Tokyo Jerome Gilleron Ph.D. Candidate in Aerospace Engineering, Georgia Institute of Technology Samuel Wald Ph.D. Student in Aeronautics and Astronautics, Massachusetts Institute of Technology Therese Jones Ph.D. Candidate in Public Policy, Pardee RAND Graduate School Disclosure statement Gary Li receives funding from the American Society for Engineering Education (ASEE). Danielle DeLatte receives funding from the University of Tokyo. Jerome Gilleron is a member of Space Generation Advisory Council. Therese Jones receives funding from the Homeland Security Operations and Analysis Center and the National Defense Research Institute. She is affiliated with RAND. Samuel Wald does not work for, consult, own shares in or receive funding from any company or organization that would benefit from this article, and has disclosed no relevant affiliations beyond the academic appointment above. Partners University of California provides funding as a founding partner of The Conversation US. View all partners Republish this article Republish our articles for free, online or in print, under Creative Commons license. Between the Earth and the moon: An artist’s rendering of a refueling depot for deep-space exploration. Sung Wha Kang (RISD), CC BY-ND Email Twitter Facebook LinkedIn WhatsApp Messenger Forty-five years have passed since humans last set foot on an extraterrestrial body. Now, the moon is back at the center of efforts not only to explore space, but to create a permanent, independent space-faring society. Planning expeditions to Earth’s nearest celestial neighbor is no longer just a NASA effort, though the U.S. space agency has plans for a moon-orbiting space station that would serve as a staging ground for Mars missions in the early 2030s. The United Launch Alliance, a joint venture between Lockheed Martin and Boeing, is planning a lunar fueling station for spacecraft, capable of supporting 1,000 people living in space within 30 years. Billionaires Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos and Robert Bigelow all have companies aiming to deliver people or goods to the moon. Several teams competing for a share of Google’s US$30 million cash prize are planning to launch rovers to the moon. We and 27 other students from around the world recently participated in the 2017 Caltech Space Challenge, proposing designs of what a lunar launch and supply station for deep space missions might look like, and how it would work. The raw materials for rocket fuel Right now all space missions are based on, and launched from, Earth. But Earth’s gravitational pull is strong. To get into orbit, a rocket has to be traveling 11 kilometers a second – 25,000 miles per hour! Any rocket leaving Earth has to carry all the fuel it will ever use to get to its destination and, if needed, back again. That fuel is heavy – and getting it moving at such high speeds takes a lot of energy. If we could refuel in orbit, that launch energy could lift more people or cargo or scientific equipment into orbit. Then the spacecraft could refuel in space, where Earth’s gravity is less powerful. The moon has one-sixth the gravity of Earth, which makes it an attractive alternative base. The moon also has ice, which we already know how to process into a hydrogen-oxygen propellant that we use in many modern rockets. Roving Luna NASA’s Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter and Lunar Crater Observation and Sensing Satellite missions have already found substantial amounts of ice in permanently shadowed craters on the moon. Those locations would be tricky to mine because they are colder and offer no sunlight to power roving vehicles. However, we could install big mirrors on the craters’ rims to illuminate solar panels in the permanently shadowed regions. Mining operations on the moon, an artist’s rendering. Sung Wha Kang (RISD), CC BY-ND Rovers from Google’s Lunar X Prize competition and NASA’s Lunar Resource Prospector, set to launch in 2020, would also contribute to finding good locations to mine ice. Imagining a moon base Depending on where the best ice reserves are, we might need to build several small robotic moon bases. Each one would mine ice, manufacture liquid propellant and transfer it to passing spacecraft. Our team developed plans to accomplish those tasks with three different types of rovers. Our plans also require a few small robotic shuttles to meet up with nearby deep-space mission vehicles in lunar orbit. An artist’s rendering of lunar rover concepts. Sung Wha Kang (RISD), CC BY-ND One rover, which we call the Prospector, would explore the moon and find ice-bearing locations. A second rover, the Constructor, would follow along behind, building a launch pad and packing down roadways to ease movements for the third rover type, the Miners, which actually collect the ice and deliver it to nearby storage tanks and an electrolysis processing plant that splits water into hydrogen and oxygen. The Constructor would also build a landing pad where the small near-moon transport spacecraft we call Lunar Resupply Shuttles would arrive to collect fuel for delivery as newly launched spacecraft pass by the moon. The shuttles would burn moon-made fuel and would have advanced guidance and navigation systems to travel between lunar bases and their target spacecraft. A gas station in space An artist’s rendering of a fuel depot for refueling deep-space missions. Sung Wha Kang (RISD), CC BY-ND When enough fuel is being produced, and the shuttle delivery system is tested and reliable, our plan calls for building a gas station in space. The shuttles would deliver ice directly to the orbiting fuel depot, where it would be processed into fuel and where rockets heading to Mars or elsewhere could dock to top up. The depot would have large solar arrays powering an electrolysis module for melting the ice and then turning the water into fuel, and large fuel tanks to store what’s made. NASA is already working on most of the technology needed for a depot like this, including docking and fuel transfer. We anticipate a working depot could be ready in the early 2030s, just in time for the first human missions to Mars. To be most useful and efficient, the depot should be located in a stable orbit relatively near both the Earth and the moon. The Earth-moon Lagrangian Point 1 (L1) is a point in space about 85 percent of the way from Earth to the moon, where the force of Earth’s gravity would exactly equal the force of the moon’s gravity pulling in the other direction. It’s the perfect pit stop for a spacecraft on its way to Mars or the outer planets. Leaving Earth Our team also found a fuel-efficient way to get spacecraft from Earth orbit to the depot at L1, requiring even less launch fuel and freeing up more lift energy for cargo items. First, the spacecraft would launch from Earth into Low Earth Orbit with an empty propellant tank. An artist’s rendering of a solar electric propulsion tug above an asteroid. NASA Then, the spacecraft and its cargo could be towed from Low Earth Orbit to the depot at L1 using a solar electric propulsion tug, a spacecraft largely propelled by solar-powered electric thrusters. This would let us triple the payload delivery to Mars. At present, a human Mars mission is estimated to cost as much as US$100 billion, and will need hundreds of tons of cargo. Delivering more cargo from Earth to Mars with fewer rocket launches would save billions of dollars and years of time. A base for space exploration Building a gas station between Earth and the moon would also reduce costs for missions beyond Mars. NASA is looking for extraterrestrial life on the moons of Saturn and Jupiter. Future spacecraft could carry much more cargo if they could refuel in space – who knows what scientific discoveries sending large exploration vehicles to these moons could enable? By helping us escape both Earth’s gravity and dependence on its resources, a lunar gas station could be the first small step toward the giant leap into making humanity an interplanetary civilization. Space NASA Mars Space travel Rocket science Moon Gravity Commercial space travel deep space travel Space exploration Earth deep space Rockets Tweet Share Get newsletter Newsletter Help combat alt-facts and fake news and donate to independent journalism. Tax deductible. Make a donation You might also like The author posing with a fully-functional model of the Curiosity rover on Earth, not Mars. Scientists at work: my other office is on Mars Unlike science fiction films featuring grotesque aliens and faraway galaxies, Ridley Scott’s The Martian depicts a sci-fi space mission that could soon be science fact. 20th Century Fox How close are we to actually becoming Martians? Mars mission with plasma rockets concept. NASA Traveling to Mars with immortal plasma rockets What can what’s on the moon tell us about our home planet? NASA Exploring our moon today to learn more about Earth’s youth billions of years ago Most popular on The Conversation Trump will likely win reelection in 2020 Arguments why God (very probably) exists Fishing for favors: how inmates lure prison staffers What’s behind the fidget spinner fad? Brain-imaging modern people making Stone Age tools hints at evolution of human intelligence How African-Americans disappeared from the Kentucky Derby The forgotten origins of the modern gay rights movement in WWI Macron beats Le Pen, but can he lead France? Blasphemy isn’t just a problem in the Muslim world Physics of poo: Why it takes you and an elephant the same amount of time Expert Database Find experts with knowledge in:* Want to write? Write an article and join a growing community of more than 50,100 academics and researchers from 2,025 institutions. Register now The Conversation Community Community standards Republishing guidelines Friends of The Conversation Research and Expert Database Our feeds Donate Company Who we are Our charter Our team Partners and funders Contributing institutions Resource for media Contact us Stay informed Subscribe to our Newsletters Email address ✔ Africa Australia France Global United Kingdom United States Follow us on social media Privacy policy Terms and conditions Corrections Copyright © 2010–2017, The Conversation US, Inc.
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 15 May 2017 Leasing option for Malaysia Airlines as demand rises by b.k. sidhu Chief executive officer Peter Bellew(pic) said a decision on the type of aircraft will be made by the end of June. (Malaysia Airlines will take delivery of the first of six new A350-XWB aircraft by year-end.) PETALING JAYA: Malaysia Airlines Bhd will lease a dozen second-hand wide-body aircraft from now till the end of 2019 while waiting for new aircraft deliveries, as it does not have enough capacity to serve nine key routes across Asia. Chief executive officer Peter Bellew said a decision on the type of aircraft will be made by the end of June. He said passenger loads were rising and demand for the airline’s services, including business class, was growing. “We just don’t have enough capacity, so we are looking at six wide-body A330 for 2018 and six more in 2019. The nine routes are across Japan, Taiwan, China, India and Indonesia,” Bellew said. “In the longer term, till 2023, we would need 30 to 35 wide-body aircraft,” he said. The airline will take delivery of the first of six new A350-XWB aircraft by year-end, which will be used to replace the A380 superjumbos that will be converted to cater to haj flights under a plan named “Project Hope”. The haj flights will begin at the end of the year. The airline has also ordered 25 of the new B737-Max 8 planes, with delivery deadlines starting from the end of 2019. However, with Boeing facing engine issues, there could be delays in the delivery. “The biggest challenge is the lack of business class seats, as we have seen a 90% increase in bookings over the last nine months. Wide-body planes will have lie-flat beds and twin aisle, which gives great comfort,” he said. “This will allow us to grow sensibly with minimum risk on existing routes with a high degree of certainly and success,” he said. The airline shrunk its route network after being hit by two major air disasters in 2014, but now wants to grow market share across Asia. While the airline was shrinking its network three years ago, rivals were building up inventories of new aircraft that could compete on lower operating costs and higher fuel efficiencies than the age-old guzzlers. It takes three to four years to get a new aircraft, but that also depends on the model picked. Experts believe Malaysia Airlines will need to finalise a new fleet and replacement strategy fast, as the airline’s rivals in the region have the latest planes fitted with the latest livery. There will also be a need to invest in on-board entertainment and food offerings to stay ahead of the competition. An aviation expert pointed out that a number of the MAS aircraft were “old and tired” and needed to be replaced. “We would need to build the fleet by 2023 close to 30 to 35 wide-body aircraft. We will also need to replace some of the older A330 from 2019 onwards,” Bellew said. He said the airline was evaluating whether to acquire Airbus A330-neos or B787s in the wide-body aircraft category for replacement and growth. This will be for delivery from 2019 onwards. He added that the B787 had greater distance potential, while the A330-neos were in production, but there would not be any more orders of the A350 aircraft. While waiting for these planes to be delivered, Bellew said the airline would lease. MAS currently operates 77 jets. Instead of forking out huge amounts of cash for the planes, the airline has opted for a leasing arrangement for them, meaning that it will get the new planes but the leasing company will own them. MAS will not be burdened with having to raise cash to buy planes. On passenger loads and market share, he said the airline had seen a stark recovery on its KL-London-KL route with loads of around 80% in the first quarter. “Forward bookings over the next six months are also encouraging, up 31% from the same time last year,” he added. He said targeted and aggressive sales campaigns led to much better loads. Marketing campaigns were kick-started in August and September last year after a lull period focusing on the all-inclusive value fares offered with no hidden extras. On the overall load factor, Bellew said “it was looking very good with quarter one passenger count increasing double digits by 12.9% year-on-year to 3.6 million passengers”. “There is a very aggressive price war in the Malaysian domestic market, particularly for flights in Peninsular Malaysia and to Kuching. MAS is not dropping our prices, but will focus on our quality,” he pointed out. Tags / Keywords: Airlines , Investing , malaysia airlines Related Stories Related Stories Extra wide body Airbus planes more efficient Owner of Malaysia Airlines names top execs of 'Project Hope' Malaysia Airlines to add new routes, hire more staff by year-end Malaysia Airlines offers to lease A330s from Alitalia Mayday! Mayday! We have a PR disaster You May Be Interested America First divides G-7 even as ministers warm to Mnuchin UMW-OG bags RM151m contracts from Petronas Carigali Malindo Air offers 2mil promotional seats Western Digital seeks arbitration in row over Toshiba's $18bil chip sale PublicInvest Research retains Neutral on Dayang 10 after work habits for personal success Others Also Read ‘Every sen given must be accounted for‘ Honouring the woman who loves us unconditionally Property Related advertisement Latest News Maybank IB: Genting Malaysia's TP maybe trimmed if decision of US resort casino unfavourable Maybulk remains cautious for 2017 amid volatile dry bulk market StanChart Research: Manufacturing sector likely to boost Malaysia's Q1 growth OCBC Al-Amin Bank launches Shariah-compliant 360 savings account UMW-OG bidding for 33 jobs worth RM3.2b Most Viewed in Business Malindo Air offers 2mil promotional seats AirAsia to launch new Chinese low cost carrier Poultry based CCK surges to multi-year highs Shot in the arm for MK Land UMW-OG bags RM151m contracts from Petronas Carigali Extra wide body Airbus planes more efficient Bursa Malaysia trails behind key Asian markets Cautious start for Bursa Malaysia, ringgit firm Petronas Chemicals Q1 earnings surge on higher prices Will oil drop, China crackdown kill emerging market rally? advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Editorials Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Editorials Letters Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Donna Blankinship All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Editorials Editorials Letters Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Donna Blankinship All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Editorials Log In Subscribe Editorials With Mary’s Place space, Amazon delivers a powerful message of acceptance and support Originally published May 14, 2017 at 12:02 pm Updated May 12, 2017 at 3:45 pm A rendering of two new office buildings planned for Amazon’s downtown Seattle campus. Part of one building is being given to Mary’s Place to use as a shelter for women and families. (Amazon.com) Amazon’s donation of space on its campus for a permanent homeless family shelter is wonderful gift for many reasons. Share story By Seattle Times editorial board The Seattle Times LIKE Seattle’s other successful startups, Mary’s Place pursued an innovative new model. The nonprofit began providing temporary shelter to homeless families in the dot-com era, in 1999, with angel funding from a Boeing employees’ charitable fund. Mary’s Place creates temporary shelters for homeless families in unused buildings, increasing capacity at minimal cost. It also brings a mix of public services and volunteer support to its shelters, to get struggling parents back on their feet. “It’s all about loving our neighbor,” said Marty Hartman, Mary’s Place executive director. Top Opinion Stories With Mary’s Place space, Amazon delivers a powerful message of acceptance and support | Editorial Americans lose when funds for global health research are cut | Op-Ed Who will save the Republic? | Timothy Egan / Syndicated columnist Shippers, union must work to prevent port slowdown | Editorial Fix the price of car tabs and limit the impact on ST3 | Op-Ed Visiting NYC, Trump’s immigration policies are hard to fathom | My Take This smart, scrappy and nimble approach made Mary’s Place a breakout success, just like the local companies that have recently made it a focus of their engagement on the regional homeless crisis. Amazon.com took this to a new level, literally, last week when it gave Mary’s Place half the space in one of its new buildings — rent-free, forever. The six-story, 47,000-square-foot space will have room for more than 200 people in 65 rooms. Every week seems to bring a new story of business leaders doing great things to assist and accelerate the regional response to the homeless crisis and support those among us most needing help. In boosting Mary’s Place, Amazon, Starbucks, Microsoft, Nordstrom and others are endorsing a response that emphasizes partnerships, collaboration, flexibility and focus on immediately addressing the needs of children and families in crisis. They’re helping the agency provide up to 170,000 bed nights in 10 shelters this year. That’s up from 2,300 nights in 2010, when Mary’s Place ran one downtown shelter and another that rotated through places of worship. Amazon’s latest gift is special for many reasons. The value of the donated real-estate alone, a premium spot in its glittering downtown campus, is immeasurable. A spokesman said it will cost the company “tens of tens of millions of dollars.” There is also value in having such diversity on Amazon’s campus. A company obsessed with serving every customer will benefit from a constant reminder of the range of human experience. It should help employees maintain perspective as stock grants make them millionaires, while making a concrete statement about the company’s values and culture. In Seattle’s current bubble of prosperity, it’s all too easy to forget that everyone’s not doing so well. Any one of us could have a streak of bad luck and need a helping hand someday. To the children and families at Mary’s Place, Amazon is delivering a powerful message of acceptance and support: they are worthy of such a place, Amazon sees their potential and it wants to help them succeed. In turn, Amazon and Seattle might be seen by these families as a place of opportunity, where they can build a better future that might someday exceed their wildest dreams. Editorial board members are editorial page editor Kate Riley, Frank A. Blethen, Donna Gordon Blankinship, Brier Dudley, Mark Higgins, Jonathan Martin, William K. Blethen (emeritus) and Robert C. Blethen (emeritus). View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Previous Story Shippers, union must work to prevent port slowdown Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Monday, May 15, 2017 Weather: 43° Forecast Classifieds: Homes Jobs Businesses Classifieds Digital Edition Subscribe Make a Payment Sign In Search: Sections News Sports Opinion Obituaries Go! Lifestyle Media Blogs Farmers market freshens up for 2017 season Carol Newhouse, wife of congressman, dies from cancer RepWatch | Comey? I hardly know ye More Headlines Two hurt in Highway 28 head-on  Fire District 1 seeking property tax increase  Candidate filing period starts Monday  Everyday Business | Take a peek at downtown’s vacant spaces  Community invited to meet Mansfield superintendent finalists  Other News Northwest Local National World Elections Business Prep focus: Kodiaks crowned at 1A District 6 softball championship Prep spotlight: Kimes launches into national recognition Prep spotlight: Fitting together | A superb defense and an explosive offense have led the Eastmont softball team to a stunning 2017 season More Headlines Prep Saturday: Wenatchee baseball team advances to state with win over Eastmont  Storm lose WNBA season-opening game to defending champs Sparks  Rams fall to Ravens in Renton; Wenatchee Valley offense improves  WVC baseball team splits with Chukars  Prep Friday: Eastmont baseball team keeps season going with win over Moses Lake  Other Sports Professional Local High School National Rec Shop local and give local Safety Valve: Letters from readers A political ax murder More Headlines Pathetic pretext  World Editorial Board | Cheers, Mom  World Editorial Board | Our shared river  World Editorial Board | Who we are  Safety Valve: Letters from readers  Other Opinion Local Solutions Richard James Ehrenberg Lorraine Adams (Melos) Ward C. Garrett More Headlines Lorna Larsen  Delean “DeDe” Crown  James Donald Taylor  Robert A. Hensel  John Robert “Bob” Duncan  World Editorial Board | Cheers, Mom World Editorial Board | Our shared river World Editorial Board | Who we are More Headlines Safety Valve: Letters from readers  Festivals, food and shopping: Treat mom this weekend  Wells House tour to raise funds, celebrate progress  Check it out: Our arts and entertainment picks for the week  The Planner  Other Go! Arts Music Events Movies That’s a wrap! Apple Blossom Festival recognizes its brightest stars Wenatchee Youth Circus ready for D.C. performance Osborn Elementary’s Trail Blazers club runs, explores for fun More Headlines ESD honors Richardson, Andruss from Cascade School District  Museum honors partners at its annual meeting  The ‘Holy Fire’ makes its way to Wenatchee  St. Joe’s May Fest features traditional Hispanic cuisine, bands  Bike rodeo offers a fun approach to bike safety  Other Lifestyle Food Neighbors At Home Health Family & Faith Your News videos Stars on Ice photos Photo Gallery: Hell On Hooves Rodeo photos Photo Gallery: Apple Blossom Grand Parade More Galleries Photo Gallery: Classy Chassis Parade 2017 Photo Gallery: Wenatchee Valley College softball win Photo Gallery: Keyes Fibre Youth Parade Photo Gallery: Chief for a Day Photo Gallery: A day with Queen Amy Other Multimedia Latest Videos Latest Photos Photo Galleries Share Your Photos Webcams Winemakers Journal: Sacramento wine tasting a the Old Sugar Mill Winemakers Journal: Spring racking and pruning Hillary Schwirtlich | Love those spring wildflowers? Thank a pollinator today! More Headlines WVC softball wins East championship Greg Asimakoupoulos | Learning how to spell L-O-V-E Boys tennis, girls golf win league championships Dave Bartholomew | Convenience comes at a price League-leading Knight softball takes to the road Friday, Saturday Other Blogs Index Community Connections Blog Directory Staff Blogs Recent Posts Staff Posts Blog Photos Blog Videos Weather The latest extended forecast from The Weather Channel Remove this weather forecast Related content Webcams » Tonight Lo42° Partly Cloudy Monday Hi62° Increasing Clouds Monday Night Lo46° Rain Tuesday Hi54° Rain Likely Tuesday Night Lo43° Chance Rain then Mostly Cloudy Wednesday Hi62° Slight Chance Showers Wednesday Night Lo45° Slight Chance Showers then Partly Cloudy Thursday Hi69° Mostly Sunny Thursday Night Lo48° Mostly Clear Friday Hi75° Sunny More for you:Obituaries Richard James Ehrenberg  Lorraine Adams (Melos)  Ward C. Garrett  Lorna Larsen  Delean “DeDe” Crown  James Donald Taylor  Robert A. Hensel  John Robert “Bob” Duncan  Roberta Jean Jones  Jean J. Hinderer  Funeral Service Directory  Peggy Reifsnyder  Paul L. Wilson  Robert A. Hensel  Louise Julia Hurst  Ward C. Garrett Website Staff May 14, 2017, 10:38 a.m. Send to Kindle Buy this photo Photo provided Ward C. Garrett Wenatchee, WA Ward Carlyle Garrett, born May 10, 1935, to James Eugene and Ella Ethelyn (Jesseph) Garrett in Wenatchee, WA, passed away May 11, 2017. Ward was born and raised in Wenatchee, where he attended elementary, junior high and high school, graduating in 1953. He entered the Army in 1954, taking his basic training at Fort Ord, CA, and his advanced training as a Mobile Field Lab Technician at Brooks Army Medical Center at San Antonia, TX. Following his advanced training, Ward was stationed at Madigan Army Hospital at Fort Lewis, WA. After his service years, Ward attended Wenatchee Valley Junior College and the University of Washington, before going to work for The Boeing Company in 1958. In 1995, Ward retired from his job as Chief Business Systems Analyst for Manufacturing and Tooling Operations, where he was responsible for designing/documenting/certifying and implementing mainframe systems with desk top applications. His last system (On-line Tooling and Information System- OTIS), was still in use some 20-plus years following his retirement. Ward is survived by his wife, Karen; two children: Michael David Garrett (wife, Tanya) of Bellevue, WA, and Stacy Dyan Score of Auburn, WA; three grandchildren: Kendra Conder (husband, Seth), Jordyn and Kyle Garrett; and step-daughter, Suzanne M. Harn. He was preceded in death by his parents, James and Ethelyn; and his beloved sister, Marilyn. The family would like to thank the doctors and staff at Confluence Medical Center for the excellent care and treatment Ward received in fighting his cancer, (multiple myeloma), from 2007 until his passing. He was able to enjoy life and his favorite activities: senior softball, golf, and fly fishing, and his wonderful family and close friends during his treatment years due to their caring efforts. At Ward’s request, no services will be held. A remembrance will be held at a future date. Anyone wishing to make a donation in Ward’s name should make it to a local charity of their choice. Heritage Memorial Chapel, East Wenatchee, WA, is assisting the family with arrangements. Questions about commenting? See our Disqus commenting FAQ or our full commenting policy. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Comments Help A few important points: You must have a Disqus account to comment (your Wenatchee World login and Disqus login are completely separate) You must provide your first and last name Your comment must be civil For more information see our Disqus commenting FAQ or our full commenting policy × Advertisements   SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram APPS Apple iOS Google Play SERVICES Subscribe Make a Payment Online Sign-Up Help Digital Edition E-mail Newsletters Newspaper in Education Special Publications Commercial Print Advertise With Us CALENDAR NCW Calendar Add an Event CONTACT US Paper Delivery Issue World of Savings Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Vacation Stop Letter to the Editor Staff Directory Contact Us MULTIMEDIA Videos Photos Photo Galleries Webcams CLASSIFIEDS Homes Jobs Business Classifieds PARTNERS The Art of Community NCW Foothills Magazine Lake Chelan This Week Medical, Health & Wellness Directory Quincy Valley Post-Register The Washington Post National Weekly Wenatchee Mom Blog Wenatchee Valley Business World © The Wenatchee World 2017 Terms of Use Forum Standards Privacy Policy
About us Membership Contact us Mon May 15, 2017 Home Society Economy Politics Sports Culture Multimedia Iran Air secures final contract for purchase of 20 turboprops with ATR Economy April 15, 2017 TEHRAN- Iran's national flag carrier, Iran Air, signed a final contact with French-Italian aircraft manufacturer ATR for purchasing 20 turboprop passenger planes on Thursday, IRNA reported. The agreement was signed in Tehran between the Managing Director of Iran Air Farhad Parvaresh and the CEO of ATR Christian Scherer. Four of the accorded 70-seat ATRs will be delivered to Iran within a month and five ones of them will be received by 2017 yearend, Parvaresh said, the rest will arrive by the end of 2018. Iran Air plans to purchase 20 other airplanes in future, he added.  As Parvaresh informed, ATR has vowed to assist Iran with training pilots and providing technical services, too. Jointly owned by Airbus and Italian company Leonardo, ATR said the deal is worth $536 million at list prices, Reuters reported.  The contract with ATR follows deals between Iran Air and plane giants Airbus and Boeing for 180 passenger jets. It is signed after months of talks that required navigating a way through separate U.S. sanctions and regulations still in place. Few days ago, the Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) of the U.S. Department of the Treasury issued Boeing and Airbus the required permit for selling their accorded 180 airplanes to Iran. Transport Minister Abbas Akhoundi announced in mid-January that renovation of the fleet of Iran Air has begun, adding that according to the contracts with world major plane makers, Iran Air is to receive 200 new planes, of which 100 will be purchased from Airbus and 80 from Boeing. The first, second and third planes that Iran has purchased from the European aviation giant Airbus landed in Tehran on January 12, March 11, and March 25,  2017, respectively. Parvaresh announced in late March that the country will receive four new Airbus planes in 2017 and five other Airbus jets in 2018. As recently reported, Boeing will deliver the first 777 airplane to Iran within a month. Related News First Boeing 777 to join Iran fleet within a month Iran to receive 3 ATR airplanes in 3 weeks 1st ATR airplane will join Iranian air fleet in a week Iran expects ATR deal to be signed next week Iran to receive 4 ATR airplanes by Friday ATR voices readiness for supplying Iran’s ordered airplanes Russia Eyeing to Produce Ilyushin Passenger Planes in Iran Tags ATR aircrafts Christian Scherer Farhad Parvaresh IranAir Managing Director of Iran Air turboprops Leave a Comment Name Email Your Message * Please enter the correct answer 6 + 2 = Latest Persepolis midfielder Rafiei on Heidenheim’s radar: report There is high turnout in healthy democracy: ex-CIA analyst  Prosecutor: Election troublemakers would be ‘slapped’ No rally in favor of candidates allowed: Tehran governor Raisi: Candidates should have plans to resolve problems Iran’s annual saffron exports up 60% yr/yr Intl. railway expo to kick off in Tehran Don't miss Rouhani’s economic legacy Abyaneh village, open-air museum of living traditions Guerra Edizioni exec calls Tehran book fair big chance for Italian publishers  Mausoleum of Oljaytu reveals 14th-century Persian architecture Iran’s Qeshm Island becomes UNESCO Global Geopark Top About us Membership Contact us Home Society Economy Politics Sports Culture Multimedia Copyright 2016. Tehran Times Daily Newspaper All rights reserved. Developed by: Nastooh Designed by: Pixel Studio
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News politics Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air White House FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE: Trump talks about obstructions, from the media to Democrats, with Judge Jeanine Pirro Published May 13, 2017 Fox News Facebook Twitter Comments Email Print   President Donald Trump discussed his next steps and ways to connect with the American people amid many obstructions — from the media to Democrats — during an interview with Jeanine Pirro for "Justice With Judge Jeanine" on Saturday. “We’ve freed up this system, which was all glued up, so that people can build houses and they can build factories and they can build so much,” Trump said. “Our trade deals are about to come. They’re going to be unbelievable. We’re doing things and I honestly believe that people see it. But there’s no question, it would be wonderful to go fast, but I want it to be done right.” The president believes everyday Americans can see the successes of his administration. He said, “What I’m most proud about is what’s happening with the country. You look at jobs are way up. It’s going to be unbelievable the trade deals we’re making for this country. We have the worst trade deals ever made by any country anywhere and we’re making them into great deals. The business that we’re now reopening with China that’s been gone for many, many years, especially when you look at natural gas, and especially when you look at the deal we just made on cattle. It’s really something special.” Trump talked about the busyness of being president and how his life now is “having meeting after meeting” — from “cutting the price of the airplanes with Lockheed” to “cutting the price of airplanes with Boeing.” “I’m a very active president. I’m doing like — I’m dealing with China, I’m dealing with Japan, I’m dealing with North Korea, I’m dealing with all of these different things,” Trump said. “I am a very active person. I have a lot of very positive things going on right up here for this country.” Trump added later in the interview,  “Another president, Jeanine, will sit in the Oval Office and do practically nothing all day. I’m doing every minute of the day I’m doing something. I’m cutting prices, I’m — we’re going — this nation has such unbelievable potential.” The president dismissed media accounts about his efforts to repeal and replace ObamaCare: “It wasn’t really an initial failure. It was just a continuation of a negotiation.” “Obamacare is dead, it’s dying. I’ve been saying that for a long time,” the president said. “Now Aetna just pulled out, the big insurance company just pulled out, and we have to come up with a plan, because Obamacare is dead.” The president also dismissed a New York Times article saying he demanded loyalty from FBI Director James Comey, whom he abruptly fired on Tuesday. His administration is on a fast track to nominate a replacement and several candidates were interviewed Saturday at the Department of Justice. “I want loyalty to the country. I mean I want loyalty to the United States of America. I want him to do a good job — or her — to do a great job,” Trump said. Beyond the media, the president commented on opposition from the Democrats. “Well, they’re obstructionists,” Trump said. “I mean what they want to do is obstruct and delay, and I’m actually very surprised with Chuck Schumer because I know him; I’ve known him for a long time. I cannot — I really am surprised that he’s become such — he’s gone so far left in order to get into the Elizabeth Warren group that I think he’s hurting himself.” The president added, “And I also don’t think they can win any more elections unless they start changing their tune.” The president, however, is very optimistic about the Republican Party. “We’re going to end up winning. We’ve been winning. We won, and now you look, we have the House, we have the Senate.” At the end of the interview, Judge Jeanine asked the president about what his late brother, Fred, who died in 1981 at 42 of complications associated with alcoholism, would think of his younger brother’s achievements. “We’re going to have, I think, I would love to say one of the truly great impacts of any president on the lives and the betterment of lives, people of this nation,” said Trump, noting his brother would be very proud. “Fred would be looking down and he would say keep going. And I would tell you if it were different. If I thought he would be looking down and saying you can do better here or there, I think he’d be very proud of the things that we’ve accomplished, having to do with everything from jobs to the military to the borders. You see what’s happening on the borders,” Trump said. “We’re going to have to solve some big problems, like the North Korea problem that we’ve been talking about. But I think he’d be very proud.” Advertisement Trending in Politics McConnell thinks Garland as FBI director 'fantastic idea,' ex-adviser says Clapper: US govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing Haley says US will 'tighten the screws' on North Korea, after recent missile test Warner: Trump firing Comey has 'appearance' of quashing FBI's Russia probe Tillerson says he tries daily to earn Trump's confidence Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News politics Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air White House FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE: Trump talks about obstructions, from the media to Democrats, with Judge Jeanine Pirro Published May 13, 2017 Fox News Facebook Twitter Comments Email Print   President Donald Trump discussed his next steps and ways to connect with the American people amid many obstructions — from the media to Democrats — during an interview with Jeanine Pirro for "Justice With Judge Jeanine" on Saturday. “We’ve freed up this system, which was all glued up, so that people can build houses and they can build factories and they can build so much,” Trump said. “Our trade deals are about to come. They’re going to be unbelievable. We’re doing things and I honestly believe that people see it. But there’s no question, it would be wonderful to go fast, but I want it to be done right.” The president believes everyday Americans can see the successes of his administration. He said, “What I’m most proud about is what’s happening with the country. You look at jobs are way up. It’s going to be unbelievable the trade deals we’re making for this country. We have the worst trade deals ever made by any country anywhere and we’re making them into great deals. The business that we’re now reopening with China that’s been gone for many, many years, especially when you look at natural gas, and especially when you look at the deal we just made on cattle. It’s really something special.” Trump talked about the busyness of being president and how his life now is “having meeting after meeting” — from “cutting the price of the airplanes with Lockheed” to “cutting the price of airplanes with Boeing.” “I’m a very active president. I’m doing like — I’m dealing with China, I’m dealing with Japan, I’m dealing with North Korea, I’m dealing with all of these different things,” Trump said. “I am a very active person. I have a lot of very positive things going on right up here for this country.” Trump added later in the interview,  “Another president, Jeanine, will sit in the Oval Office and do practically nothing all day. I’m doing every minute of the day I’m doing something. I’m cutting prices, I’m — we’re going — this nation has such unbelievable potential.” The president dismissed media accounts about his efforts to repeal and replace ObamaCare: “It wasn’t really an initial failure. It was just a continuation of a negotiation.” “Obamacare is dead, it’s dying. I’ve been saying that for a long time,” the president said. “Now Aetna just pulled out, the big insurance company just pulled out, and we have to come up with a plan, because Obamacare is dead.” The president also dismissed a New York Times article saying he demanded loyalty from FBI Director James Comey, whom he abruptly fired on Tuesday. His administration is on a fast track to nominate a replacement and several candidates were interviewed Saturday at the Department of Justice. “I want loyalty to the country. I mean I want loyalty to the United States of America. I want him to do a good job — or her — to do a great job,” Trump said. Beyond the media, the president commented on opposition from the Democrats. “Well, they’re obstructionists,” Trump said. “I mean what they want to do is obstruct and delay, and I’m actually very surprised with Chuck Schumer because I know him; I’ve known him for a long time. I cannot — I really am surprised that he’s become such — he’s gone so far left in order to get into the Elizabeth Warren group that I think he’s hurting himself.” The president added, “And I also don’t think they can win any more elections unless they start changing their tune.” The president, however, is very optimistic about the Republican Party. “We’re going to end up winning. We’ve been winning. We won, and now you look, we have the House, we have the Senate.” At the end of the interview, Judge Jeanine asked the president about what his late brother, Fred, who died in 1981 at 42 of complications associated with alcoholism, would think of his younger brother’s achievements. “We’re going to have, I think, I would love to say one of the truly great impacts of any president on the lives and the betterment of lives, people of this nation,” said Trump, noting his brother would be very proud. “Fred would be looking down and he would say keep going. And I would tell you if it were different. If I thought he would be looking down and saying you can do better here or there, I think he’d be very proud of the things that we’ve accomplished, having to do with everything from jobs to the military to the borders. You see what’s happening on the borders,” Trump said. “We’re going to have to solve some big problems, like the North Korea problem that we’ve been talking about. But I think he’d be very proud.” Advertisement Trending in Politics McConnell thinks Garland as FBI director 'fantastic idea,' ex-adviser says Clapper: US govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing Haley says US will 'tighten the screws' on North Korea, after recent missile test Warner: Trump firing Comey has 'appearance' of quashing FBI's Russia probe Tillerson says he tries daily to earn Trump's confidence Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
New Amazon office building to include homeless shelter | Bangkok Post: business News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > World New Amazon office building to include homeless shelter 15 May 2017 at 10:50 777 viewed0 comments WRITER: NEW YORK TIMES A former motel where Amazon.com allowed homeless families to stay in Settle. (The New York Times) - + SEATTLE, Washington -- A year ago, when Amazon.com let a homeless shelter for families move into a former motel it owned, it was viewed as a nice but fleeting gesture. The motel was on a chunk of downtown property where Amazon planned to eventually erect yet another set of sparkling buildings to meet its insatiable need for office space in this city, where it has come to embody both the region’s economic boom and its struggles with affordability. The hotel would be torn down and the shelter kicked out when that time came. Instead, Amazon has decided to let the shelter stay. In an unusual arrangement, the company has agreed to give the shelter, Mary’s Place, a permanent home inside one of the new office buildings for which it will break ground in the autumn. Amazon will give roughly half of the six-storey building to the shelter, providing it with 47,000 square feet (4,366 square metres) of space with private rooms that can hold 65 families, or about 220 people and their pets. The facility, expected to open in early 2020, will have its own entrance and elevators. “I see it as this huge gift because everywhere we go, we end up leaving,” said Marty Hartman, the executive director of Mary’s Place, which runs seven transitional shelters around the Seattle area meant to house families until they can find permanent homes. “You come in and become a fabric of the neighbourhood you’re in, and then you say goodbye. That’s a hard thing for a lot of people to do.” In an interview at the current Mary’s Place site owned by Amazon, which was bustling with families returning to the shelter for the evening, John Schoettler, Amazon’s vice president for global real estate and facilities, said the company would spend “tens of millions of dollars” on the design and construction of the shelter’s portion of the building. Amazon will pay the utilities for Mary’s Place, which will occupy the space rent free, although the organisation will continue to pay its own staff. Schoettler said Amazon originally allowed the shelter to stay in the motel because of the severity of Seattle’s homelessness crisis, which had prompted the city’s mayor to declare a state of emergency in 2015. He said Amazon was impressed by Mary’s Place, and he described its plan to give the shelter a permanent home as an investment in the neighbourhood. In San Francisco, Google, Salesforce.com and others have funded a campaign to find permanent housing for homeless people. But Nan Roman, president of the National Alliance to End Homelessness, a non-profit advocacy group in Washington, DC, said she was unaware of any other private corporation integrating a homeless shelter into its building. “Too often, homelessness gets pushed to the other side of the tracks,” Roman said. “Keeping them as neighbours is nice.” In Seattle, the plan could also help burnish Amazon’s image, which has taken some hits. It has been targeted by anti-gentrification activists, and its high-pressure work culture was the subject of a New York Times investigation two years ago. Amazon has also been bashed for being disengaged from civic life relative to local stalwarts known for their philanthropic giving, like Boeing Co, Microsoft Corp and Starbucks Corp. More recently, that has begun to change, with gifts like Amazon’s $10 million donation for the construction of a new computer science building at the University of Washington. “Its reputation in Seattle has certainly suffered,” said Alan Durning, executive director of Sightline Institute, a non-profit research organisation focused on the Pacific Northwest. “Doing things like this may be in its enlightened self-interest, right on site for the world to see.” Amazon is also a different company from just a few years ago. It has 30,000 employees in the city, making it Seattle’s largest private employer, and it has transformed large swaths of the downtown and South Lake Union neighbourhoods. While the company not long ago consistently lost money, Amazon now regularly turns a profit thanks to its lucrative cloud-computing business, giving it more financial breathing room for activities like philanthropy. Seattle’s homelessness crisis has also worsened, with tent encampments sprouting up by the side of freeways, under bridges and in parks. The surrounding King County area had the third-largest homeless population in the country last year, after New York and Los Angeles, according to an annual report to Congress by the US Department of Housing and Urban Development. More than 10,000 people are homeless in the area, with more than 4,000 of them living on the streets, the Seattle/King County Coalition on Homelessness estimated in a report last year. One of the residents of Mary’s Place, Patricia Abbott, a mother of four, said she became homeless after losing her job when her son was injured and she needed to tend to his medical needs. She has been at the facility for six months and learned of Amazon’s support for the organisation at the shelter’s Christmas party when she received an American Girl doll for one of her children from the company. “There’s people out there who really do care,” Abbott said. Schoettler said he proposed the plan to let the shelter remain at a meeting in January of Amazon’s senior leadership, including Jeff Bezos, the company’s chief executive. “It’s permanent,” Schoettler said, pausing for a moment before adding, “Until homelessness is solved.” RECOMMENDED STORIES SET falls 7.17 to 1,536.77 at midday Casting a wider net Rolling out worldwide Property pioneer Asean the 'next frontier' for e-commerce boom India's only female barber still in trim at 70 12.5m registered for poverty assistance programme SET falls 3.03 to 1,540.91 at opening Gold prices unchanged at B20,200 Most Viewed 34,287 Facebook told to remove posts or ... 26,560 Facebook to block local content 21,535 Toyota's new SUV C-HR becomes ... 19,822 Elite card bounces back to life 14,047 AoT won't scrap King Power contract Recent BUSINESS Articles First-quarter growth fastest in four years Trang marine park asked to delay annual closure Some Asian businesses disrupted by cyber attack Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 0 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 13:03 First-quarter growth fastest in four years 12:52 Trang marine park asked to delay annual closure 12:44 Some Asian businesses disrupted by cyber attack 12:41 SET falls 7.17 to 1,536.77 at midday 11:36 'Patt' reports to police on drug laundering charge 11:16 29,000 Chinese institutions hit by 'ransomware' 10:32 N.Korea says new missile can carry heavy nuke 10:22 12.5m registered for poverty assistance programme 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Varanasi ALL News » City News » Varanasi News » Hopes revive for LBS Airport runway expansion Hopes revive for LBS Airport runway expansionRajeev Dikshit After biting dust for two years, the files related to the proposed expansion of runway at LBS International Airport are out again. | TNN | Updated: May 15, 2017, 09.05 AM IST VARANASI: After biting dust for two years, the files related to the proposed expansion of runway at LBS International Airport are out again. A team of higher authorities of Airport Authority of India (AAI) and other security agencies is expected here within 10 days to finalise the proposal on expansion. Major issue for discussion on the proposal with district administration will be land acquisition and also the alignment of Varanasi-Lucknow four-lane highway. After going through the files on runway expansion in a meeting with the officials of Airport Authority of India (AAI) and National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) on Saturday evening, district magistrate Yogeshwar Ram Mishra said that over 500 acres of land would be required for the expansion of runway. The acquisition of land would be done in two phases. National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) has two options. One is to change the alignment of Varanasi-Lucknow highway by diverting it towards Basani from Babatpur. The other is to construct it under the expanded runway. The director of LBS International Airport Anil Kumar Rai said that all the aspects of the proposal of runway expansion are being reviewed. According to AAI officials, the expansion of runway was proposed in Masterplan-2004 of the authority. Due to railway track on the eastern side of the runway, the AAI has the only option to expand the runway towards western side, where Varanasi-Lucknow highway NH-56 exists. The NHAI has already started the project of upgrading this NH-56 to four-lane highway. To expand the runway, the AAI sought 593.77 acres of land at Mangari, Baikunthpur, Karmi, Ghamhapur Karmi, Sagunaha and Pura Raghunathpur villages. Due to protest by the farmers, the proposal was put on backburner before 2012 assembly polls. After formation of Bharatiya Janata Party-led NDA government at Centre in 2014, the AAI restarted efforts to materialise the project in 2015. During his August 17, 2015 visit to the city, the minister of civil aviation P Ashok Gajapathi Raju had made clear the approach of the Union government that apart from improving connectivity at LBS Airport by increasing facility for air travel on domestic and international routes, the government is also focusing on cargo service here. But AAI officials believe that without expansion of runway, beginning Boeing and cargo flights from this airport is impossible. Before the visit of minister, the AAI had sent a letter to state government on March 27, 2015 through the director civil aviation, UP to seek 593.77 acres of land for the expansion. After that, the district administration sought a report from chief revenue officer and special land acquisition officer (SLO) regarding availability of land for the expansion plan. In reply, the SLO made it clear that it will start the process to acquire land for airport expansion only after getting instructions from the state government. The files of the expansion of runway were then left to bite the dust. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web George Clooney Shows Off His Brand New $15 Million Home Lonny She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her Country Livingly Check Out Unbelievable List of Safest 2017 Minivans Minivans - Sponsored Ads More from The Times of India Indian-origin couple shot dead in US 5 hurt as 2 groups clash over property 7 held after clash over Buddha statue From the Web More From The Times of India Avoid These Common Mistakes on Romantic Beach TripsTravel Leaders The Strongest Armies In The World Right NowIFLMyLife Visit This Amazing Hotel Run by RobotsMSN Lifestyle Factors That Can Cause EDWebMD Help Prevent Diabetes With These Small ChangesNew York Presbyterian Man arrested for raping disabled kid CM inaugurates Assam's first water ATM Indian man, in US for nearly two decades, ordered deported Varsity to adopt 'summer hostel' model on campus Man found murdered in Armapur Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message IPL 2017 IPL 2017 RPS vs KXIP IPL 2017 Points Table DD vs RCB Pune Supergaints KKR Royal Challengers Bangalore Gujarat Lions Sunrisers Hyderbad Delhi Daredevils Mumbai Indians Kings XI Punjab Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular After more shocking charges against AAP, Kapil Mishra faints, is rushed to hospital 'Unprecedented' cyberattacks wreak global havoc, India too hit hard Hizbul commander Zakir Musa quits after outfit condemns his 'beheading' threat to separatists 5 Scientificially Proven Ways To Give A Killer Presentation Ad: INC | Prezi 1 killed, 1 injured in Mumbai road mishap In a tragic road accident at the Eastern Expressway Highway in Mumbai, one person was killed and one sustained injuries. On cam: Martyr's family members thrashed in full public view The family members of martyred Kulwant Singh, who lost his life during Pathankot attack, manhandled by an agent and his friends who denied to return their Rs 5 lakh. From around the Web Best Crossover SUV for 2017. Don't Buy Until You See These.. New Crossover Cars | Sponsored Ads Wilson’s Heart, A Thriller Not For The Faint Of Heart Oculus Rift Find Modern Tools For A Collaborative Classroom Microsoft 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. TheFinancialWord.com More From The Times of India Modi announces direct Colombo-Varanasi flight to start soon Yogi effect? More Muslims join RSS Mob torches 3 dumpers after 13-year-old crushed to death Read MoreSpecial Land Acquisition OfficerSecurity agenciesLBS International Airportexpansion of runwayAirport Authority of India Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Varanasi Varanasi Travel Guide How to reach Varanasi Hotels in Varanasi Restaurants in Varanasi Places to visit In Varanasi Things to do in Varanasi Itineraries Varanasi Map Varanasi Photos Download Varanasi Travel Guide From our Global Partners Yajna performed at 21,000 hawan kunds Two arm smugglers caught in Mughalsarai 7 held after clash over Buddha statue Modi announces direct Colombo-Varanasi flight to start soon 1Hopes revive for LBS Airport runway expansion 2Yajna performed at 21,000 hawan kunds 3Two arm smugglers caught in Mughalsarai 47 held after clash over Buddha statue 5Modi announces direct Colombo-Varanasi flight to start soon Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends RPS vs KXIP  Arvind Kejriwal ICSE 10th Result 2017 RPS vs KXIP RBSE 12th Result 2017 KKR vs MI DD vs RCB Kapil Mishra xXx Movie Photos AAP Crisis TV Shows Sunny Leone Photos services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Kapil Mishra news Aam Aadmi Party PM Modi Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos Baahubali 2 Collection Health & Fitness Tips Rangoli Designs Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics OBOR IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table xXx HUDCO IPO Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Kumkum Bhagya How to Get Pregnant Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `

Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 28 mins S&P 500 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Dow 30 20,896.61 -22.81 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,121.23 +5.27 (+0.09%) Home Depot, Walmart — What to watch in the markets this week Myles Udland Yahoo Finance May 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share The U.S. major stock indexes last week closed little-changed, with the Dow and S&P 500 losing some ground and the tech-heavy Nasdaq rallying. Save but for an early Thursday sell-off that was eventually wiped out by that day’s close, there was little market action to write home about. And yet this calm in the major averages masked what was still a week full of headlines in the business and political worlds. Snap’s (SNAP) first quarterly earnings report as a public company missed expectations and the stock tanked. Retail names got decimated as Nordstrom (JWN), Macy’s (M), J.C. Penney (JCP), and Kohl’s (KSS) all plummeted after earnings. The XRT ETF which tracks the retail sector lost almost 3% during the week. Meanwhile, the week’s biggest economic data points — retail sales and inflation in April — missed expectations, while consumer confidence topped estimates. And President Donald Trump tweeted. And fired FBI director James Comey. View photos This week, the economic calendar is almost barren, with only a few pieces of housing market data worth noting early on. The political schedule, as always, remains unpredictable, but markets have more or less moved on. Major earnings reports due out this week will still keep the spotlight on retail and the U.S. consumer. Headline reports expected out are from Home Depot (HD), Walmart (WMT), TJ Maxx parent TJX (TJX), The Gap (GPS), Ross Stores (ROST), and Ralph Lauren (RL). Major tech earnings next week include Cisco (CSCO) and salesforce.com (CRM). We noted at the beginning of April that the “Trump trade” had evaporated in markets and that in time investors would return to focusing on things like earnings and economic growth. And here we are. Influential finance writer and CEO of Ritholtz Wealth Management Josh Brown went even further in a post published on Friday, however. “There never was a real ‘Trump Trade,'” Brown wrote. “I’m sorry if this is like hearing there’s no Santa Claus.” And as we wrote this week, the idea that a major tax cut will boost economic growth the way the administration hopes is likely misguided anyway. Through time, markets will get excited about lots of things — political shifts, new economic paradigms, wars, etc. Many of these fail to knock stocks off a long-term trajectory of moving higher, usually. View photos Economic calendar Monday: Empire State manufacturing index, May (7.5 expected; 5.2 previously); Homebuilder sentiment, May (68 expected; 68 previously) Tuesday: Housing starts, April (+3.7% expected; -6.8% previously); Building permits, April (+0.2% expected; +3.6% previously); Industrial production, April (+0.4% expected; +0.5% previously) Wednesday: No major economic data. Thursday: Initial jobless claims (240,000 expected; 236,000 previously); Philadelphia Fed manufacturing, May (18.5 expected; 22 previously); Leading index of economic indicators, April (+0.4 expected; +0.4% previously) Friday: No major economic data. What corporate America is saying We’re almost done with first quarter earnings reports. According to Goldman Sachs’ new quarterly “Beige Book” — styled on the Federal Reserve’s collection of economic anecdotes published under the same name — the U.S. corporate sector during the first quarter saw three major trends get the most commentary from executives: growth, regulation, and labor costs. “Management teams were mixed in their assessment of whether a much-discussed rekindling of animal spirits since the election has led to a tangible increase in demand,” Goldman writes. “Most management teams recognized an improvement in sentiment and growth expectations, but many said they have not yet seen evidence that improving sentiment is translating into increased business activity.” Read More In the first quarter, GDP growth came in at just 0.7%, a disappointing print after the economy grew at its slowest pace in five years in 2016. After the election, we noted that the term “animal spirits,” or a boost in confidence among corporates, was permeating commentary across the business sector. The problem with animal spirits is that until decisions are made to actually invest more money, hire more workers, or buy other businesses, they remain just spirits. Or as executives at AT&T (T) said on their first quarter call, “U.S. business investment as a percent of GDP continues to be low. Growth expectations in the economy have been rising, but we’ve yet to see that translate into economic gains or demand… the near-term view is cautious.” View photos AT&T Inc. CEO Randall StephensonMore The story on regulation was much the same as economic growth: we’re hearing a lot about it, but not sure how much that will mean for business. “We would have expected sometime over the last couple weeks to have gotten clarity,” said Visa executives during their call held in late April. “There was supposed to be clarity no later than the end of March on the next chapter of regulation or guidance in terms of how things would have to go forward. And there hasn’t been, and we’ve been told that it will be delayed likely into early May.” On Friday, the Trump administration announced that the U.S. and China agreed to take steps by mid-July to, among other things, allow more access for U.S. companies to provide credit rating services in China. This deal could help Visa. Other industries, however, did see concrete changes on deregulation, with executives at Boeing (BA) saying, “The overall focus on deregulation and simplifying processes is one that we’ve been a strong proponent for. And the administration has been very engaged across government agencies and with industry to find ideas and ways and opportunities to simplify and streamline. Things like FAA certification processes is one place that we’re seeing some solid progress.” A dominant economic theme over the last couple years has been the increase in wages for U.S. workers. And while wage increases are still disappointing to some economists, corporates are definitely starting to see the effects on their bottom lines, with Goldman writing that a “growing chorus” of corporate executives noted the increase in labor costs during the first quarter. Both American Airlines (AAL) and Southwest (LUV) noted higher labor costs, with American executives saying, “Once you start making money, you’ll give more to labor than you did when you were making less money, and they’ll take some of the upside that should go to shareholders… This is getting to a level of compensation across the industry that needed to occur.” View photos Commentary from hospital operator Universal Health Services (UHS), however, perhaps sounds most like what economists looking for signs of inflation would be on the lookout for. “The current expense load does incorporate some investment in solving the labor shortage problem,” the firm said, “meaning in wage increases in certain markets that we’ve had to make to be competitive.” And that’s really what’s at the crux of wage increases: can you maintain competitiveness at your current talent level and rate of turnover, or will it take something else for your firm to be competitive? — Myles Udland is a writer at Yahoo Finance. Follow him on Twitter @MylesUdland Read more from Myles here: How Trump can fix the most persistent problem in the U.S. economy This is the moment America met Warren Buffett Jamie Dimon thinks America’s ‘secret sauce’ is at risk Here’s what’s next for stocks now that the Trump trade is over Why you should always be ready for a big, scary stock market sell-off Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Trump is reportedly considering a massive White House shakeup Business Insider Clapper: US govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing Associated Press Do Any White House Staffers Want to Speak for Trump? Based on the Sunday Shows, Apparently Not Newsweek Trump Firing James Comey Could Permanently Alter American Democracy, Experts Say Newsweek Secretary of State Rex Tillerson: I Won’t ‘Compromise My Own Values’ for Trump Fortune GOP wins in reversing Obama-era rules on guns, environment Associated Press Warren Buffett gives employees the one thing they really need to be successful Yahoo Finance How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Finance ICE Agent Tried to Apprehend a 4th-Grader but Was Turned Away by the School Yahoo Beauty The Trumponomics report card Yahoo Finance Video REVEALED: The hedge funds who bought Snap Yahoo Finance Sears CEO's master plan to profit off the demise of his stores is taking a turn for the worst Business Insider This chart watcher says a classic market theory could presage a 15-20% drop in stocks CNBC Warren Buffett says if you want steady reliable returns, this instrument 'makes the most sense' CNBC Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, The Finale Yahoo Finance Video Stocks waver as retail wreck rolls on Yahoo Finance Donald Trump could be impeached over firing of James Comey, says professor who called election chilly: The only way Trump gets impeached is if republicans choose America over billionaires... fat chance of that happening. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Skip to main content SI TA Login Ad Rates Subscribe Now facebook twitter youtube google plus instagram soundcloud Live Search form 1200 May 15, 2017 Main menu Local Political Business World Law & Order Entertainment Features Sports Obituaries More Main menu Local Political Business World Law & Order Entertainment Features Sports Obituaries More Breaking 'Buddha’s teachings help to create a better world': Nepal President Home Emirates Group records US$ 670 mn profit in 2016-17 Emirates Group records US$ 670 mn profit in 2016-17 Monday, May 15, 2017 - 01:00 Print Edition The Emirates Group has announced its 29th consecutive year of profit and steady business expansion, despite a turbulent year for aviation and travel. The Emirates Group posted an AED 2.5 billion (US$ 670 million) profit for the financial year ending 31 March 2017, down 70% from last year’s record profit. The Group’s revenue reached US$ 25.8 billion, an increase of 2% over last year’s results, and the Group’s cash balance decreased by 19% to US$ 5.2 billion mainly due to the repayment of two bonds on maturity and ongoing high investments into its fleet and aircraft related assets. In line with the current business climate and to support the future investment plans of the Group, no dividend payment will be made to the Investment Corporation of Dubai (ICD) for 2016-17. Sheikh Ahmed bin Saeed Al Maktoum, Chairman and Chief Executive, Emirates Airline and Group, said: “Emirates and dnata have continued to deliver profits and grow the business, despite 2016-17 having been one of our most challenging years to date. In 2016-17, the Group collectively invested US$ 3.7 billion in new aircraft and equipment, the acquisition of companies, modern facilities, the latest technologies, and staff initiatives. “These investments will further strengthen our resilience, even as we extend our competitive edge, and adapt our businesses to the volatile business climate and fast changing consumer expectations.” Across its more than 80 subsidiaries and companies, the Group increased its total workforce by 11% to over 105,000-strong,  representing over 160 different nationalities. Emirates’ total passenger and cargo capacity crossed the 60 billion mark, to 60.5 billion ATKMs at the end of 2016-17, cementing its position as the world’s largest international carrier. Emirates received 35 new aircraft, its highest number during a financial year, comprising of 19 A380s and 16 Boeing 777-300ERs. At the same time 27 older aircraft were phased out, bringing its total fleet count to 259 at the end of March. Against significant currency devaluations against the US dollar and fare adjustments due to a highly competitive business environment, Emirates managed to keep its revenue stable at AED 85.1 billion (US$ 23.2 billion). Total operating costs increased by 8% over the 2015-16 financial year. Overall passenger traffic growth continues to demonstrate the consumer desire to fly on Emirates’ state-of-the-art aircraft, and via efficient routings through its Dubai hub. Emirates carried a record 56.1 million passengers (up 8%), and achieved a Passenger Seat Factor of 75.1%.To fund its fleet growth in a year of record aircraft deliveries, Emirates raised US$ 7.9 billion, using a variety of financing structures. Emirates closed the financial year with a US$ 4.3 billion of cash assets. Europe was the highest revenue contributing region with AED 23.9 billion (US$ 6.5 billion), unchanged from 2015-16. Emirates SkyCargo continues to play an integral role in the company’s expanding operations, contributing 13% of the airline’s total transport revenue. Emirates’ SkyCargo’s total freighter fleet remained unchanged, with 15 aircraft: 13 Boeing 777Fs, and two Boeing 747-400Fs. Emirates’ hotels recorded revenue of US$ 201 million, an increase of 5% over last year in a highly competitive market mainly in the UAE. Revenue from dnata’s UAE Airport Operations, including aircraft and cargo handling increased by 6% to reach US$ 823 million. Revenue from dnata’s Travel Services division has seen a slight decline of 5% to AED 3.1 billion (US$ 854 million).   Tags:  Print Edition Add new comment Your name Subject Comment * CAPTCHA This question is for testing whether or not you are a human visitor and to prevent automated spam submissions. Math question * 11 + 5 = Solve this simple math problem and enter the result. E.g. for 1+3, enter 4. Or log in with... Leave this field blank Related Articles Market rally continues amid thin trading The Bourse continued its upward momentum as the ASPI increased by 31.41 points (or 0.47%) to close at 6,671.98 points, while the S&P SL20 Index too increased by 48.53 points (or 1.28%) to close... 2017-05-14 19:30:00 Amana Takaful introduces “Kiri Govi Sathkara Rakshana Salasuma” for dairy farmers Amana Takaful Insuarance Company which has introduced a series of high quality insurance packages for the benefit of Srilankans with the aim of enhancing the Srilankan life standards, introduced its... 2017-05-14 19:30:00 Lanka IOC trains dealers in capability building Lanka IOC recently organized a Capability Building Workshop for its dealer network in association with the Management Studies and Commerce Faculty, Sri Jayewardenepura University.The university's... 2017-05-14 19:30:00 Guangxi, China - Sri Lanka Economic and Trade Cooperation Forum in Colombo A 70 member high profile delegation, led by Peng Qinghua, Secretary, Communist Party of Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region will arrive in Colombo this week on the invitation of Rishad Bathiudeen,... 2017-05-14 19:30:00 OPPO launches Selfie Expert F3 for mid-range market in SL The camera phone brand OPPO, strengthened the ‘Group Selfie’ trend by launching another Selfie Expert F3, at Colombo Hilton last week..The F3is the second in line dual front camera Selfie... 2017-05-14 19:30:00 Skill building programme in India for employees of Lanka IOC Lanka IOC conducted a skill building program for its employees in collaboration with the Indian Oil Corporation Limited in Mumbai India recently.The training was conducted at IOC’s world class... 2017-05-14 19:30:00 Load more Editor's Pick Self Generation Scheme to mitigate power crisis European Union votes to allow Sri Lanka regain GSP+ Japanese experts present report to President Sirisena First coal-free day in Britain since Industrial Revolution Garbage management made essential service President signs gazette declaring four forests, conservations Lake House wins most awards at Best Web.lk 2017 ‘Dr. Neville Fernando Hospital not a teaching hospital’ Latest News 'Buddha’s teachings help to create a better world': Nepal President  Nepal and Sri Lanka are excellent pearls hung in the Indian ocean... Regaining GSP+ a victory for the worker: John Seneviratne  Receiving GSP + again is a huge victory and a blessing for the... Obituaries HETTIGODA EDMOND (General Manager - Surath Wickramasinghe Associates).... Hand grenade detected at SLMC A hand grenade was found from the Sri Lanka Medical Council (SLMC)... Skeletal remains unearthed near Galle Face Human skeletal remains had been found from the construction site of... Pakistani arrested with 1 kg of heroin A Pakistani national who tried to smuggle 1 kilogrammes of heroin worth Rs... Abandoned mentally handicapped sisters rescued by police Two mentally handicapped sisters aged six and nine years, left under the... PM meets Chinese President at OBOR summit Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe and Chinese President Xi Jinping... Recent comments SLC & Thilanga 6 days 2 hours ago What Thilanga doing to Lankan Cricket is same as what prabahkaran did to Sri Lanka!!?? Yeah, Thilanga destroying Lanka Cricket standards!!!?? Tamil people 6 days 2 hours ago Minister must not differentiate the population into racial religious groups. All citizens are equal. As members of United Nations organization which clearly indicate no discrimination allowed as a... GMOA’s double games 6 days 3 hours ago Editor is spot on for absolute double solution to SAITM.1. Let SAITM MBBS sit Common MCQ standard MBBS papers of Colombo or Rajarata (all UGC) to prove their standards and shut SLMC up. 2. Receive... Are doctors’ strikes ethically justifiable? 6 days 5 hours ago Speaking of morals and ethics to GMOA, its a different wavelength on alien ground. There is no law or govt. over GMOA as the current govt. is fearful to invoke "Essential Services Act" like... GMOA condemns state media 6 days 6 hours ago GMOA obsessed with media ministers, "saving patients' lives," and projecting the perfect image of their president for elections next month. They condemn everything within sight. SAITM... more Local Political Business World Law & Order Entertainment Features Sports Obituaries More On Air Legal Disclaimer Privacy Policy About Us Browse by Date Email : [email protected] Call us : (+94) 112 429 429 Daily News App Android iOS Windows Phone Newspapers Sunday Observer Dinamina Silumina Thinakaran Vaaramanjari Observer Education Adz Arogya Budusarana Maanchu Sarasaviya Subasetha Tharunie © The Associated Newspapers of Ceylon Ltd., 1996–2017. All rights reserved.
ALL SECTIONS HOME NATIONAL BUSINESS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Thai Visa Facebook Epaper SMS RSS HOME national business Economy & Tourism Corporate AEC Property Auto Stock tips GDP expands 3.3% in Q1 YoY due to export boost by The Nation May 15,2017 11:09 Foreign films inject estimated Bt900 m into economy in Q1 by The Nation May 15,2017 10:15 GDP tipped to rise in Q1 due to export growth by The Nation May 15,2017 10:05 Marketwatch by The Nation May 14,2017 16:12 EXIM Thailand shows Bt362 million net Q1 profit by The Nation May 15,2017 12:04 Greatest Pet Care unveils ambitious growth plan by The Nation May 15,2017 10:07 Phuket Gazette to stop print edition of newspaper locally by John Magee Phuket Gazette PHUKET May 15,2017 06:46 Briefs by The Nation May 14,2017 17:14 Banks offer micro loans to Gojek drivers by THE JAKARTA POST ASIA NEWS NETWORK JAKARTA May 10,2017 17:25 Collaboration provides training for hospitality sector in Vietnam  by   VIET NAM NEWS ASIA NEWS NETWORK DA NANG, VIETNAM May 10,2017 17:26 AEC Feed by Asia News Network May 10,2017 17:28 Lao PM visits Malaysia to boost ties  by   VIENTIANE TIMES ASIA NEWS NETWORK KUALA LUMPUR May 10,2017 17:30 Sansiri to accept e-payments, bookings via Samsung Pay by The Nation May 08,2017 17:28 TRIS maintains ‘stable’ outlook for Thai residential sector by The Nation May 08,2017 16:04 Home construction off to slower start than last year by The Nation May 08,2017 12:46 Property prices double in EEC rush by SOMLUCK SRIMALEE THE NATION May 01,2017 19:43 Renault shuts down sites after being hit by cyberattack by Agence France-Presse May 13,2017 17:48 Mazda sales jump 22% year on year in April by The Nation May 11,2017 19:42 Promotion offers free Ducati bike to buyers of luxury Benz by The Nation May 11,2017 19:37 Mazda partners with TISCO Bank to deliver ‘special privileges’ by The Nation May 09,2017 15:01 Global transfer pricing standards with local impacts by SPECIAL TO THE NATION Feb 26,2017 17:01 Focus on select stocks with growth momentum by Therdsak Thaveeteeratham Executive Vice President / Research Asia Plus Securities Feb 26,2017 17:03 ASEAN+ Asean Plus Where to go? life Eateries Malaysia seizes smuggled tortoises worth $300,000 by Agence France-Presse May 15,2017 13:14 Dying Guatemala lake underlines climate change threat by Agence France-Presse May 15,2017 12:52 China's Xi decries protectionism, touts Silk Road by Agence France-Presse May 15,2017 12:31 China wins praise for Silk Road but concerns persist by Agence France-Presse May 15,2017 08:37 Make-up artists showcase peacock beauty in Malaysia by Agence France-Presse May 06,2017 22:23 opinion Today's editorial Letters to editor A setback for Indonesia by The Nation May 14,2017 21:36 New law stirs fear, distrust about dental clinics by May 14,2017 21:55 A small step in the right direction by The Nation May 13,2017 20:15 Korean conflict poses a dilemma for Asean by The Nation May 12,2017 23:29 Chaturon lashes out at ruling junta’s ‘poor’ performance by May 14,2017 21:50 People still free to ‘like’ on social media with discretion, ministry clarifies by May 14,2017 21:52 Mexican wall should be built with American bulldust  by May 14,2017 21:53 A con by fascist globalists by May 13,2017 20:17 life Arts & culture Music Box office Eat in / eat out Calling all shutterbugs by The Nation May 15,2017 13:20 Out & About by The Nation May 12,2017 19:25 Italian art fest a tonic for global woes by Kelly Velasquez, Ella Ide Agence FrancePresse May 12,2017 19:54 The Thai re-conquest of Venice by Phatarawadee Phataranawik The Nation May 12,2017 20:17 In love with Labanoon by The Nation May 15,2017 13:06 Ploychompoo in the swim by THE NATION May 13,2017 18:23 Serena Brancale: Much more than jazz by THE NATION May 12,2017 18:50 Music with a “Warp” factor by The Nation May 12,2017 17:46 iflix brings Fargo to Thailand by The Nation May 15,2017 13:11 Winning Malaysian documentary screens Saturday by The Nation May 15,2017 13:27 Lee Min-ho spotted on first day of military service by The Korea Herald Asia News Network May 14,2017 13:21 Longlost film classic now on DVD by THE NATION May 12,2017 18:52 Mangoes every which way by THE NATION May 13,2017 18:40 Softshell shuffle by THE NATION May 12,2017 18:42 Nothing like a Peppina pizza by Khetsirin Pholdhampalit The Sunday Nation May 12,2017 16:39 Gourmets bites from around the world by The Nation May 12,2017 18:53 TECH travel Getaways Around Thailand Check in Travel news Great new offers from Vietjet by The Nation May 10,2017 12:47 Check out the latest promotions by The Nation May 09,2017 19:01 Staying in your Element by The Nation May 06,2017 22:22 Camping out in the land of the Lamas by The Nation May 06,2017 21:48 A day with the pachyderms by The Nation Apr 26,2017 16:36 Spirits for the soul by The Nation Apr 19,2017 13:05 On the road in Lanna Land by The Nation Apr 12,2017 15:34 So much to see in upcountry Songkran festivities by The Nation Apr 12,2017 15:03 Stay and save by THE NATION May 13,2017 18:59 Thai hotel group takes its expertise to Vietnam by THE NATION May 12,2017 14:52 Ambassador lends a helping hand by THE NATION May 12,2017 14:49 New boutique hotel for trendy Thonglor by THE NATION May 12,2017 14:38 Twentyfour good reasons to Smile by THE NATION May 12,2017 18:58 Heading to Rayong? There’s an app for that by THE NATION May 12,2017 18:56 Graduate’s aviation ambitions take flight by THE NATION May 11,2017 20:14 Business travel made easy by THE NATION Apr 29,2017 11:03 sports Stock watch Video Photo Nation Junior ANN Subscribe Phuket Gazette Thai Visa Monday, May 15, 2017 OPINION China’s aviation dreams take off May 15, 2017 01:00 By Suwatchai Songwanich Chief executive Officer, Bangkok Bank (China) The first Chinese-made passenger jet took to the skies this month as a crowd of thousands watched on.  The maiden test flight of China’s C919 160-seat, single-aisle aircraft, produced by the Commercial Aircraft Corporation of China (COMAC), is the realisation of a dream for China, one formed decades before the C919 rolled off the production line in late 2015.  The commercial jet industry has enormous barriers to entry, with no country or new company having entered the market since 1969. The complex and advanced manufacturing systems require massive investment and sophisticated supply chains, and the industry has strict safety and regulatory requirements. But since the global jet market is estimated to be worth US$2 trillion (Bt72 trillion) over the next 20 years, I can certainly appreciate China’s tenacity! For China, a commercial aircraft manufacturing industry will help to reduce its reliance on foreign suppliers, a dependency that entails both commercial and security risks. China currently represents around 17 per cent of global demand for aircraft, and this will increase as it adds more than 7,000 new aircraft to its fleet over the next 20 years. Since the lead-in time for production is very long, almost all of these have already been pre-ordered from Europe’s Airbus and America’s Boeing. It will therefore take many years before China can truly compete with its established competition.  Although the C919 was made in China, it still has a heavy foreign component parts – for instance, the engines were made by CFM International, a joint venture between the US’s General Electric and France’s Safran, while Honeywell from the US is supplying the flight control, wheels and brakes, auxiliary power and navigation.  With a flying range of up to 5,555 kilometres (3,451 miles), the C919 should not only be suitable for domestic routes but will easily cover popular business and leisure routes from China such as Shanghai to Singapore and Beijing to Bangkok. COMAC has already received orders for 570 planes, and commitments from 23 customers, mainly Chinese-owned carriers and leasing companies.  The inaugural flight of the C919 is a major landmark for China as developing its own aviation industry will be a step up the value chain, supporting R&D and new technology that will benefit many sectors and industries.  This will help China fulfil its aim of upgrading its manufacturing sector to a more advanced level and realign its export sectors to focus on more high-value products. China’s progress in aviation may also support our own plans for ‘Thailand 4.0’, the strategy for a digitised and innovation-driven Thai economy. Thailand is aiming to become Asia’s leading aviation hub, with a specific focus on maintenance, repair, and operations. With China’s commercial jet production in the region, and extensive Chinese investment in Thailand, perhaps this could bode well for a future aviation partnership between our two countries. Tags China aviation dream Most Viewed TODAY LAST 7 Days LAST 30 Days A small step in the right direction... Thai efforts to help stateless children ... opinion May 14,2017 01:00 A con by fascist globalists... Re: “Political correctness is not a li... opinion May 14,2017 01:00 Humans don’t need to drink cow’s milk ... In response to: ‘Misinformation on dai... opinion May 14,2017 01:00 Totally wrong on osteoporosis... In another one of his insane letters (Ma... opinion May 14,2017 01:00 Asian cities getting pricier... The cost of living in Asian cities gener... opinion May 14,2017 01:00 Fleeing heir puts Red Bull’s future on the line... Few countries share Thailand’s toleran... opinion May 09,2017 01:00 Prawet’s arrest earns the world’s revulsion... The monarchy will only suffer when so ma... opinion May 10,2017 01:00 Korean conflict poses a dilemma for Asean... This is the bloc’s chance to act as pe... opinion May 13,2017 01:00 Trump’s phone calls merely a good start... Will North Korea be the issue that will ... opinion May 08,2017 01:00 When innocents are attacked, the cause is lost... Whoever set off the bombs in Pattani thi... opinion May 11,2017 01:00 Myanmar keeps world guessing on refugees... The thousands uprooted by violence in Ra... opinion Apr 18,2017 01:00 Facing death for being gay, men flee Russia’s Chechnya... Ilya looks tired and drawn. After being ... opinion Apr 28,2017 01:00 The fear in Europe is real ... Re: ‘Xenophobia in Europe: What Jews s... opinion Apr 30,2017 01:00 Aircraft carrier debacle offers a lesson on the submarine... Will a new vessel we don’t need and ca... opinion May 02,2017 01:00 Thaksin changes his tone, but not attitude... Ex-premier glosses over facts and remain... opinion Apr 17,2017 01:00 Join with us Home NATIONAL BUSINESS ASEAN+ OPINION LIFE TECH TRAVEL SPORTS Contact 1858/129 Floor 32 Bangna-Trat Road, Bangna, Bangkok 10260 Thailand. Tel 66-2-338-3000(Call Center), 66-2-338-3333, Fax 66-2-338-3334 call-center-department@nationgroup.com Advertise with us © Copyright 2015 by Nation Advertisement ×Close
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 28 mins S&P 500 2,390.90 -3.54 (-0.15%) Dow 30 20,896.61 -22.81 (-0.11%) Nasdaq 6,121.23 +5.27 (+0.09%) Trump's Premium on Loyalty Poses Hurdle in Search for FBI Chief Shannon Pettypiece, Jennifer Jacobs, Margaret Talev Bloomberg May 14, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share WASHINGTON, DC - MARCH 06: Members of the U.S. Secret Service stand guard during a protest outside the White House March 6, 2017 in Washington, DC. Activists staged a protest against President Donald Trump's second Executive Order banning travel from certain muslim-majority countries. (Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images)More The job description for FBI director under President Donald Trump includes an unusual requirement: personal loyalty to him. Just after Trump took office, the new president summoned James Comey to the White House and asked the now-fired FBI chief to pledge loyalty to him, according to an associate who’s spoken directly with Comey in the past few days. Comey declined, instead telling Trump that he would always be honest, according to the associate. While Trump himself denies making that request of Comey, he’s shown he considers personal loyalty a paramount concern in staffing government, just as he did in his private business. For example, White House approval of Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin’s choice to be the department’s top lawyer was delayed because the attorney, Brent McIntosh, had Twitter postings with links to articles criticizing Trump. More from Bloomberg.com: At the White House, Comey Damage Control and No Easy Way Out Loyalty scrubs are one reason Trump is behind in staffing key positions in cabinet agencies. He had nominated only 73 people for Senate-confirmed position by May 3 compared to 193 President Barack Obama had nominated over the same period, according to the Partnership for Public Service . Trump came to value personal allegiance above nearly any other quality as he persevered through his business, financial, and political battles as a New York City real estate developer, longtime associates say. Asked during a 2014 speech about the trait he most looks for in an employee, his answer was unequivocal: loyalty. More from Bloomberg.com: White House Refuses to Say Whether Trump Tapes Conversations Rule of Law But the federal government isn’t a family business. And rather than fidelity to political patrons, the culture of the justice system and federal law enforcement traditionally has stressed commitment to the rule of law, the constitution, and the pursuit of investigations without political interference. The FBI in particular has jealously guarded its independence, a principle embodied by the 10-year term for its director that’s supposed to insulate the agency from presidential meddling. In fact, then-FBI associate director Mark Felt has said he was motivated to reveal Richard Nixon’s Watergate cover-up as the Washington Post’s Deep Throat source because he thought FBI director Patrick Gray, a Nixon appointee, was subjugating the agency’s independence to protect the president. More from Bloomberg.com: North Korea Fires Missile in Test for South Korean President Any nominee to replace Comey will confront perilous cross-currents between Trump’s insistence on loyalty and demands for a commitment to independence -- both from senators whose votes he or she will needs for confirmation, and an FBI rank and file whose confidence must be gained to effectively manage the agency. When acting FBI director Andrew McCabe appeared before a Senate committee this week, its members sought -- and received -- assurances that he would notify them if Trump tried to interfere with the agency’s investigation of Russian meddling in the U.S. election. Job Interviews That challenge is sure to confront potential successors to Comey, whom Justice Department officials were planning to begin interviewing on Saturday. Among the candidates Trump is considering are former Republican House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers; former New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly; Republican Congressman Trey Gowdy of South Carolina; Senate Republican Whip John Cornyn of Texas; Larry Thompson, a former George W. Bush deputy attorney general; and Alice Fisher, a former assistant attorney general under Bush, according to a White House official. Others under consideration include Michael Luttig, executive vice president of Boeing Co. and a former federal appellate court judge; Michael Garcia, a New York Court of Appeals associate judge; John Suthers, mayor of Colorado Springs, Colorado; Paul Abbate, an FBI executive assistant director; and McCabe, the acting director, the official said. Presidential historian Robert Dallek said Trump’s predecessors have mostly avoided explicit demands for pledges of loyalty for practical political reasons, even beyond the historical principle that high officials’ first allegiance should be to the constitution and country rather than one individual. Read More ‘Action-Oriented Guy’ “You don’t want to do that because it shows you as weak,” Dallek said. “If you have to command that degree of loyalty it calls into question your level of leadership.” The difference is that Trump is a blunt businessman, said Chris Ruddy, a longtime friend of the president. “He isn’t a lawyer. Lawyers tend to look into every potential pitfall and problem. He is a bold, action-oriented guy,” Ruddy said. “As president, there are more political implications for everything he does. I’m sure he is discovering that and it’s proven to be a bit surprising or a source of frustration.” Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, a Trump ally, said the president “absolutely” feels that loyalty to him is secondary to loyalty to the country. “President Trump without a doubt understands that,” Giuliani said. “I don’t have any question about that, knowing him for the number of years I’ve known him. He’s a very patriotic American.” Conflicting Reasons Another Trump supporter, who remains in contact with the White House and asked not to be named, said he’s never heard Trump ask anyone for their loyalty as directly as described by Comey’s associate, and that the president is more likely to watch someone’s words and actions in sizing up their trustworthiness. Trump has said he fired Comey because the FBI chief wasn’t “doing a good job” and was a “showboat.” That was after Vice President Mike Pence and White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders earlier said the dismissal came on the recommendation of the deputy attorney general. The issue of loyalty at the January dinner raised questions about what other factors came into play. Comey didn’t request the dinner and was hesitant to do it given concerns about how it would appear, since he was leading the investigation into whether anyone connected to Trump helped Russia interfere in the 2016 election campaign, the associate said. Proven allegiance to Trump is among the most valuable currencies within the administration. Those closest to him at the White House include his family and a few of his most loyal employees. Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, is widely believed to be his most trusted adviser by those inside and outside the White House, and his daughter Ivanka Trump has an office near his in the West Wing. And when it came time to fulfill the sensitive task of relieving Comey of his post, the president turned his former private head of security and personal bodyguard, who’s been with Trump since 1999. The dismissal letter was hand-delivered to FBI headquarters by Keith Schiller, who’s now in charge of Oval Office operations. More from Bloomberg.com A One-Company Town Whose Gossip Could Shape U.K.'s Brexit Deal Xi Opens China's Globalization Forum With $78 Billion Pledge Macron Takes Charge of Divided France as Youngest President Read Trump's Premium on Loyalty Poses Hurdle in Search for FBI Chief on bloombergpolitics.com Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Trump is reportedly considering a massive White House shakeup Business Insider Clapper: US govt 'under assault' by Trump after Comey firing Associated Press Do Any White House Staffers Want to Speak for Trump? Based on the Sunday Shows, Apparently Not Newsweek Trump Firing James Comey Could Permanently Alter American Democracy, Experts Say Newsweek Secretary of State Rex Tillerson: I Won’t ‘Compromise My Own Values’ for Trump Fortune GOP wins in reversing Obama-era rules on guns, environment Associated Press Warren Buffett gives employees the one thing they really need to be successful Yahoo Finance How a wider laptop ban could threaten your safety and data Yahoo Finance The Trumponomics report card Yahoo Finance Video Home Depot, Walmart — What to watch in the markets this week Yahoo Finance Sears CEO's master plan to profit off the demise of his stores is taking a turn for the worst Business Insider This chart watcher says a classic market theory could presage a 15-20% drop in stocks CNBC Warren Buffett says if you want steady reliable returns, this instrument 'makes the most sense' CNBC Inside the World's Greatest Scavenger Hunt, The Finale Yahoo Finance Video REVEALED: The hedge funds who bought Snap Yahoo Finance In Wisconsin, ID law proved insurmountable for many voters Associated Press Donald Trump could be impeached over firing of James Comey, says professor who called election chilly: The only way Trump gets impeached is if republicans choose America over billionaires... fat chance of that happening. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Top News U.S. News World News Voices Entertainment Movies Music TV Odd News Defense Energy Sports Fantasy Football NFL NBA MLB NHL Golf Tennis College Football College Basketball Science Health Photos Latest Photos 2016 Olympics News Entertainment Sports Features Archives Archive The Almanac Search Home / Top News / U.S. News NASA: Astronauts won't fly on SLS rocket's first flight By Allen Cone   |   May 14, 2017 at 12:25 PM Follow @upi Comments May 14 (UPI) -- Astronauts won't fly on the first launch of the deep space exploration rocket scheduled for 2019, and a crewed mission has been delayed until at least 2022, NASA announced. In February, the federal agency launched a feasibility study for the Space Launch System after the Trump administration asked NASA whether two astronauts could be part of the first test flight, originally scheduled for late 2018. "We appreciate the opportunity to evaluate the possibility of this crewed flight," NASA acting Administrator Robert Lightfoott said Friday at a news conference. "The bi-partisan support of Congress and the president for our efforts to send astronauts deeper into the solar system than we have ever gone before is valued and does not go unnoticed. Presidential support for space has been strong." Bill Gerstenmaier, head of human spaceflight programs at NASA, said at the news conference: The risk was reasonable, but it was additional risk. It was going to cost more." The study estimated that the SLS and Orion -- the module that would contain the astronauts -- might be ready to carry astronauts on their first launch together by the first half of 2020 if NASA received an extra $600 million to $900 million. The funding was needed to finish Orion's heat shield, life support systems and launch abort system. NASA has already spent more than $26 billion on the program, according to the agency's inspector general. NASA also said the inaugural, unmanned SLS launch has been pushed back to 2019. In 2022, a second planned SLS launch will send astronauts into orbit around the moon. They will be carried by an upgraded version of the rocket equipped with a more powerful upper stage. Last month during a convention with International Space Station astronauts, President Donald Trump said he envisions a Mars mission flown "during my first term, or at worst during my second term." On Friday, Lightfoot said NASA wasn't asked to have a Mars expedition by that time and the goal is to reach the planet in the 2030s. "Taking folks farther than we ever have before just isn't necessarily the most easy proposition in the world," Lightfoot said. "We're looking for a sustainable program here, more than just one mission." Two private companies plan to send humans into orbit in the near future. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, who owns Telsa, wants to fly people around the moon in two years and wants to colonize Mars. Blue Origin founder Jeff Bezos, the CEO of Amazon, would like to to ship cargo to the moon. Boeing and SpaceX plan to ferry NASA astronauts to the International Space Station by the end of next year. "It's going to take really all of us, frankly, to get this done," Lightfoot said. "This really isn't about NASA versus SpaceX, or NASA versus Blue Origin, it's more about the past way of doing business versus how do we run the government more like a business," Phil Larson, the space policy adviser for President Donald Trump, said to The Washington Post. NASA's was forced to delay deep space plans after a tornado seriously damaged the Michoud Assembly Facility in New Orleans in February. Earlier this month, workers at Michoud accidentally damaged beyond repair a large dome that's part of a liquid oxygen fuel tank. "This was a significant event for us," Gerstenmaier said. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram for more news from UPI.com Related UPI Stories Astronauts' blood vessels less efficient on long missions, study says NASA astronauts complete 200th space station spacewalk SpaceX launches U.S. spy satellite Blue Origin shares video of New Glenn rocket Comments Topics: Donald Trump, Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, Bill Gerstenmaier Trending UPI Pulitzer Prizes: The stories behind the pictures and words Next Article Torch-wielding protestors decry plan to remove Confederate monument Latest Headlines Absent workers force Cook County jail to go on lockdown 3 hours ago ago May 14 (UPI) -- Cook County Jail in Chicago was placed on lockdown for the second Mother's Day in a row because so many employees did not show up for work. Lyft to partner with Google's Waymo on self-driving cars 3 hours ago ago May 14 (UPI) -- Lyft is joining forces with Google's automotive business to develop self-driving cars, company officials said. JetBlue passengers: Kicked off flight over birthday cake 10 hours ago ago May 14 (UPI) -- Family members traveling to a birthday celebration in Las Vegas said they were kicked off a JetBlue flight over where to store a cake. Trump must turn over any tapes, lawmakers agree 11 hours ago ago May 14 (UPI) -- If Trump recorded conversations with former FBI Director James Comey, he will have to turn those tapes over to Congress, Republicans and Democrats agreed. Honest Company recalls baby wipes because of possible mold 11 hours ago ago May 14 (UPI) -- The Honest Company, co-founded by actress Jessica Alba and selling non-toxic household products, is voluntarily recalling baby wipes because of possible mold. Trending Stories JetBlue passengers: Kicked off flight over birthday cake United: Cockpit door access codes accidentally made public Inmate who took two hostages at Illinois hospital shot dead Trump must turn over any tapes, lawmakers agree Healthcare bill inspires road rage: Tenn. woman tries to run Congressman off road PHOTOS Robert De Niro honored at Chaplin Award Gala in New York Composer Jerry Goldsmith receives posthumous star on Walk of Fame Photos from the 143rd Kentucky Derby 2017 MTV Movie & TV Awards winners Charlie Hunnam, Eric Bana attend 'King Arthur' premiere in Los Angeles On the red carpet at the MTV Movie & TV Awards Explore UPI Top News Entertainment News Odd News Sports News Science News Health News News Photos World News U.S. News Energy News Defense News UPI Archives UPI Espanol United Press International United Press International is a leading provider of news, photos and information to millions of readers around the globe via UPI.com and its licensing services. With a history of reliable reporting dating back to 1907, today's UPI is a credible source for the most important stories of the day, continually updated  - a one-stop site for U.S. and world news, as well as entertainment, trends, science, health and stunning photography. UPI also provides insightful reports on key topics of geopolitical importance, including energy and security. Stay up to Date Login Contact Advertise Online with UPI Submit News Tips Feedback Copyright © 2017 United Press International, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TERMS OF USE | PRIVACY POLICY
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Trump's Premium on Loyalty Poses Hurdle in Search for FBI Chief by Shannon Pettypiece @spettypi More stories by Shannon Pettypiece , Jennifer Jacobs @JenniferJJacobs More stories by Jennifer Jacobs , and Margaret Talev @margarettalev More stories by Margaret Talev May 14, 2017, 4:00 AM EDT Nominee will face pressure from Senate to show independence President has long stressed personal allegiance as top trait A member of the Secret Service stands near Donald Trump. Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg The job description for FBI director under President Donald Trump includes an unusual requirement: personal loyalty to him. Just after Trump took office, the new president summoned James Comey to the White House and asked the now-fired FBI chief to pledge loyalty to him, according to an associate who’s spoken directly with Comey in the past few days. Comey declined, instead telling Trump that he would always be honest, according to the associate. Donald Trump and James Comey. Photographer: Pool/Getty Images While Trump himself denies making that request of Comey, he’s shown he considers personal loyalty a paramount concern in staffing government, just as he did in his private business. For example, White House approval of Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin’s choice to be the department’s top lawyer was delayed because the attorney, Brent McIntosh, had Twitter postings with links to articles criticizing Trump. Loyalty scrubs are one reason Trump is behind in staffing key positions in cabinet agencies. He had nominated only 73 people for Senate-confirmed position by May 3 compared to 193 President Barack Obama had nominated over the same period, according to the Partnership for Public Service. Trump came to value personal allegiance above nearly any other quality as he persevered through his business, financial, and political battles as a New York City real estate developer, longtime associates say. Asked during a 2014 speech about the trait he most looks for in an employee, his answer was unequivocal: loyalty. Rule of Law But the federal government isn’t a family business. And rather than fidelity to political patrons, the culture of the justice system and federal law enforcement traditionally has stressed commitment to the rule of law, the constitution, and the pursuit of investigations without political interference. The FBI in particular has jealously guarded its independence, a principle embodied by the 10-year term for its director that’s supposed to insulate the agency from presidential meddling. In fact, then-FBI associate director Mark Felt has said he was motivated to reveal Richard Nixon’s Watergate cover-up as the Washington Post’s Deep Throat source because he thought FBI director Patrick Gray, a Nixon appointee, was subjugating the agency’s independence to protect the president. Any nominee to replace Comey will confront perilous cross-currents between Trump’s insistence on loyalty and demands for a commitment to independence -- both from senators whose votes he or she will needs for confirmation, and an FBI rank and file whose confidence must be gained to effectively manage the agency. When acting FBI director Andrew McCabe appeared before a Senate committee this week, its members sought -- and received -- assurances that he would notify them if Trump tried to interfere with the agency’s investigation of Russian meddling in the U.S. election. Job Interviews That challenge is sure to confront potential successors to Comey, whom Justice Department officials were planning to begin interviewing on Saturday. Among the candidates Trump is considering are former Republican House Intelligence Committee Chairman Mike Rogers; former New York City Police Commissioner Ray Kelly; Republican Congressman Trey Gowdy of South Carolina; Senate Republican Whip John Cornyn of Texas; Larry Thompson, a former George W. Bush deputy attorney general; and Alice Fisher, a former assistant attorney general under Bush, according to a White House official. Others under consideration include Michael Luttig, executive vice president of Boeing Co. and a former federal appellate court judge; Michael Garcia, a New York Court of Appeals associate judge; John Suthers, mayor of Colorado Springs, Colorado; Paul Abbate, an FBI executive assistant director; and McCabe, the acting director, the official said. Presidential historian Robert Dallek said Trump’s predecessors have mostly avoided explicit demands for pledges of loyalty for practical political reasons, even beyond the historical principle that high officials’ first allegiance should be to the constitution and country rather than one individual. ‘Action-Oriented Guy’ “You don’t want to do that because it shows you as weak,” Dallek said. “If you have to command that degree of loyalty it calls into question your level of leadership.” The difference is that Trump is a blunt businessman, said Chris Ruddy, a longtime friend of the president. “He isn’t a lawyer. Lawyers tend to look into every potential pitfall and problem. He is a bold, action-oriented guy,” Ruddy said. “As president, there are more political implications for everything he does. I’m sure he is discovering that and it’s proven to be a bit surprising or a source of frustration.” Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani, a Trump ally, said the president “absolutely” feels that loyalty to him is secondary to loyalty to the country. “President Trump without a doubt understands that,” Giuliani said. “I don’t have any question about that, knowing him for the number of years I’ve known him. He’s a very patriotic American.” Conflicting Reasons Another Trump supporter, who remains in contact with the White House and asked not to be named, said he’s never heard Trump ask anyone for their loyalty as directly as described by Comey’s associate, and that the president is more likely to watch someone’s words and actions in sizing up their trustworthiness. Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up Trump has said he fired Comey because the FBI chief wasn’t “doing a good job” and was a “showboat.” That was after Vice President Mike Pence and White House spokeswoman Sarah Huckabee Sanders earlier said the dismissal came on the recommendation of the deputy attorney general. The issue of loyalty at the January dinner raised questions about what other factors came into play. Comey didn’t request the dinner and was hesitant to do it given concerns about how it would appear, since he was leading the investigation into whether anyone connected to Trump helped Russia interfere in the 2016 election campaign, the associate said. Proven allegiance to Trump is among the most valuable currencies within the administration. Those closest to him at the White House include his family and a few of his most loyal employees. Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner, is widely believed to be his most trusted adviser by those inside and outside the White House, and his daughter Ivanka Trump has an office near his in the West Wing. And when it came time to fulfill the sensitive task of relieving Comey of his post, the president turned his former private head of security and personal bodyguard, who’s been with Trump since 1999. The dismissal letter was hand-delivered to FBI headquarters by Keith Schiller, who’s now in charge of Oval Office operations. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read New Wave of Ransom Threats Seen in Unprecedented Global Attack This Caribbean Bank Wants Chinese Money No One Else Will Touch China Eyes U.S. Energy After Inking $20 Billion in Deals In Cashless Sweden, Even God Now Takes Collection Via an App Putin Sits Down at Piano in China, Plays Soviet Songs Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to navigation Skip to content News All News Local News All Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Montreal @ the moment Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Hockey Inside/Out All Hockey Montreal Canadiens NHL World Juniors Football All Football Montreal Alouettes CFL NFL Soccer All Soccer Montreal Impact MLS Baseball Basketball All Basketball NBA NCAA Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business All Local Business Aerospace Personal Finance Real Estate Retail Technology All Technology Gaming Internet Personal Tech Science Tech-Biz Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Montreal movies All Movies Movie Listings Television All Television TV Listings Montreal theatre Music All Music NP Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food All Food Recipes Local Food Reviews Health All Health Diet & Fitness Family & Child Men Women Seniors Sexual Health Diet & Fitness Homes All Homes Buying and Selling Condos Decorating Renovating Gardening Vacation Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals Careers All Careers Find Jobs Post Jobs Obits Classifieds All Classifieds FlyerCity Shopping Announcements Browse Listings Place a Classifieds Ad Driving Subscribe News Local News Off-Island Gazette West Island Gazette Montreal @ the moment |Featured: Expo 67 Quebec flood watch Corruption in Montreal Hockey Inside/Out Montreal's 375th | More Open Search Close Search Search Sign In Sign Out Subscribe Advertise Opinion Gallery of the latest Aislin, Boris and Gigot cartoons Sports Jack Todd: Why doesn't NHL protect game's greatest ambassador? Life Mother's Day: Life lessons, courtesy of mom Local News Flood-weary moms in Terrasse-Vaudreuil receive a rose on Mother's Day Local News Squeaky Wheels: Highway in Beaconsfield doesn't qualify for street lights 5 / 5 Here comes the war for commercial drone dominance Bloomberg News More from Bloomberg News Published on: May 14, 2017 | Last Updated: May 14, 2017 11:23 AM EDT Share Adjust Comment Print By Justin Bachman At some point in the not-too-distant future, fleets of commercial drones are expected to swarm across American skies. Companies in a wide range of industries will employ unmanned vehicles for tactical advantage-inspecting infrastructure, surveying crops, maybe even estimating how much your new roof will cost. And when these drones fly, a torrent of data will follow them like an invisible contrail. “Data is the new oil,” Intel Corp. Chief Executive Officer Brian Krzanich said week at the Association for Unmanned Vehicle Systems International’s annual Xponential conference in Dallas, the industry’s top trade show. He cited a growing competitive “separation” between companies that collect and understand their data and those that don’t. A single autonomous car can generate the same data trove as 3,000 people surfing the internet, while a small drone fleet could easily create 150 terabytes of data per day, he said (1,000 gigabytes equals 1 terabyte). “The data rate is going to explode on us in the next few years,” Krzanich said. But how to handle that wide open fire hose of information? “Operation of an unmanned system is no longer a stand-alone activity,” Lockheed Martin Corp. proclaims in its promotional materials for its Hydra Fusion Tools software. “There [is] an assortment of maps, images, video, and intelligence which are being broadcast to the operators and this needs to be fused into a common operational picture.” This proposition, unsurprisingly, is leading to an array of new business models aimed at helping companies sift through and exploit the mountains of information headed their way. Into this universe comes Airbus, the European aerospace conglomerate. Airbus is starting a new data company, called Airbus Aerial, to provide an array of unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) services, a field the company estimates could increase to more than $120 billion annually as the use of these fleets expands, said Dirk Hoke, CEO of Airbus’s defense and space group. Hoke introduced the new company at Xponential. The proliferation of commercial drones won’t be so much about getting your pizza or new shirt faster-although there is that consideration-but a broader change in how companies employ aerial surveillance and data to inform their businesses, spurred by efficiency and new U.S. rules allowing commercial unmanned systems to operate at farther distances, autonomously. A diverse array of companies, ranging from insurers and utilities to real estate and energy, are likely to shift some of their operations to UAV. Some of the work now done by helicopters could be replaced at lower cost. Insurers, for example, are finding aerial surveillance to be a good method for assessing claims after tornadoes and hurricanes and to help understand risks in their underwriting activities. Airbus Aerial aims to compile high-altitude data from a fleet of eight Airbus satellites and drones, blending it into an intelligence service for agriculture, insurance, oil and gas, utilities, and state and local governments. Aerial will be based in Germany, near Munich, with U.S. offices in Atlanta. The company sees 2017 as a way to explore the market, testing the business with “a small, select group of customers” to determine how clients will value Aerial’s services, said Jana Rosenmann, Airbus senior vice president of unmanned aerial systems. Airbus will fly third-party drones for its clients but will also explore building its own hardware, she said. “The initial business is not relying on Airbus having its own drone today,” Rosenmann said in a telephone interview. The company already operates high-altitude solar-powered UAVs, dubbed Zephyr, which has stayed aloft for as long as 14 days. Airbus calls Zephyr “a high-altitude pseudo satellite” due to its high cruising level of up to 70,000 feet. Most customers will have a specific need for the services of companies like Aerial and won’t care how the information is acquired, be it by drone, satellite, or other means, said Jesse Kallman, who will lead the Airbus unit’s U.S. operations. “A drone is really just a truck that you stick a sensor on,” he said. “We will use whatever hardware makes the most sense.” Aerial pricing is likely to be tailored to a specific market or customer, Kallman said, ranging from recurring subscriptions to one-off jobs. To date, one of the major impediments to commercial drone flying has been the lack of federal rules, which are now pending at the Federal Aviation Administration. The regulations sort out operational guidelines to integrate UAVs safely into existing air traffic. Although slow to get these rules squared away, the American UAV service market may mature more quickly than in Europe, owing to the U.S. having only a single regulatory body, Hoke said. Yet as soon as these new commercial operations take flight, those who employ them will be grappling with “the whole info-glut problem,” said Nazlin Kanji, a program director at AeroVironment Inc., a Simi Valley, Calif.-based defense contractor that builds drones and analytics software for military and civilian use. “It’s an interesting challenge because the amount of data that drones generate is huge-we’re talking petabytes and petabytes of data,” she said (1,000 terabytes equals 1 petabyte). “It really becomes that big data problem everybody keeps talking about but no one really knows how to address.” The field of drone services has already begun seeing consolidation among smaller players, with much of the business focused on courting large companies and recurring revenue streams, said Jon Damush, vice president of commercial at Insitu, a Boeing Co. subsidiary that builds and flies drones. Over time, given the cost of contracting with a drone service, some of the larger drone data users-such as miners and pipeline operators-might decide to buy their own drones and software. “When you become a certain size on the expense line, somebody’s going to notice,” Damush said. But Kanji counters that there’s room “for a lot of different vendors,” from companies that offer just data storage to others that may sell analysis, data collection, or a combination. Some of these data wranglers focus on software, offering drone users the ability to create detailed interfaces for the data that UAVs emit. Others, such as Insitu, focus on drone reconnaissance and data analysis for railroads, large mining companies in Australia, and pipeline operators. That’s the larger-scale end of the business, leaving many smaller players eager to exploit common drone necessities among many industries. “One thing we’ve found is that with agriculture, utilities, railroads, and construction, a lot of them have very similar needs,” Kanji said, citing one example: “All of them worry about vegetation.” Meram's hat trick gives Crew 3-2 win over Impact Schukov: Rethinking flooding preparedness in face of global warming Video Connect With Us Email Alerts Get the latest news in your mailbox as it happens Most Popular Local News Local News Quebec flooding: Work begins to restore buildings and lives Local News Flood-weary moms in Terrasse-Vaudreuil receive a rose on Mother's Day Local News Jewelry heist at The Bay in Pointe-Claire's Fairview mall Weather Weather Currently Feels Like We want you to have the most accurate weather report you can. Please enter a valid postal code Traffic Classified Stories, pictures and tributes to life. View and place obituaries, and more. Share the joy. Tell the world. Read and place announcements here. The faster, fresher and greener way to shop flyers. Find the job you want in your city. View and place job listings, and more. × Share Here comes the war for commercial drone dominance Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Linkedin News All News Local News Quebec National World Opinion All Opinion Columnists Editorials Letters Aislin and Pascal editorial cartoons Sports All Sports Hockey Inside/Out Hockey Football Soccer Baseball Basketball Tennis Golf Auto Racing Business All Business FP Markets FP Headlines FP Money Energy Local Business Technology Arts Local Arts All Arts Showbiz Chez Nous Montreal movies Television Montreal theatre Music Books Celebrity Life All Life Fashion & Beauty Food Health Diet & Fitness Homes Parenting Relationships Travel Royals © 2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Classifieds Driving Obits Announcements FlyerCity Shopping Careers Browse Listings Place a Classified Ad Legal Privacy Terms Copyright & Permissions Services Advertise With Us Subscribe My Subscription Edit Profile Contact ePaper Digital Access Manage Newsletters Contests Properties Calgary Herald Canada.com Edmonton Journal National Post Ottawa Citizen Leader-Post (Regina) The StarPhoenix (Saskatoon) The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Windsor Star Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your Market account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Market to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password. 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize the password reset code. Please enter your email below below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Market is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Market is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
VietNamNet New ABOUT US | VIETNAMESE | RSS | Update 15/05/2017 10:32:19 (GMT+7) VietNamNet | TuanVietNam | vef.vn | 2Sao | TintucOnline | Vland | Thể thao Home Special Reports Vietnam In Photos What’s On Vietnam Reference Search Government Business Society Art & Entertainment Travel Education Science & IT Environment Sports World News Your Vietnam Odd News Vietnam's marine sovereignty   society Last update 14:11 | 14/05/2017    FacebookTwitter addthis_button_compactSend EmailPrinter First Vietnamese commercial pilots graduated in Australia The Australian Airline Pilot Academy (AAPA) on May 12 held a graduation ceremony for 30 international commercial pilots, including seven from Viet Flight Training (VFT) – a company of national flag carrier Vietnam Airlines. Vietnam Airlines pilots Addressing the event, Minister of Foreign Affairs and Trade Julia Bishop said the relations between Australia and Vietnam have grown more extensively and intensively in various fields, especially in trade and education-training. The graduates at AAPA were among 22,000 Vietnamese students to pursue learning at the host’s education-training facilities, she said, noting that this year, over 300 Australian students are studying in Vietnam within the framework of the New Colombo Plan – one of the most important education programmes of the Australian government. She congratulated Vietnamese pilots for completing the course and affirmed Australia’s pilot training programme for Vietnam is of international standards. Deputy Director General of Vietnam Airlines Pham Xuan Duc said the graduation ceremony is significant to the Vietnamese aviation industry and the VFT in particular and marks an important milestone in the two countries’ cooperation in training pilots. He hoped the pilots will help Vietnam Airlines promote its integration into the global market, adding that the carrier needs 1,000 pilots by 2020. AAPA is one of the world's best pilot academies with state-of-the-art training aircraft and infrastructure. It is one of the global partners of the Boeing Flight Training Services in flight training. The training at AAPA is the result of the first commercial contract between AAPA and VFT, which was signed in December 2015. The seven graduate pilots were among the first 15 VFT students to study at AAPA. The VFT plans to send 14 more to AAPA this year. VNA First Vietnamese commercial pilots graduated in Australia, social news, vietnamnet bridge, english news, Vietnam news, news Vietnam, vietnamnet news, Vietnam net news, Vietnam latest news, vn news, Vietnam breaking news   Name: * Email from: * Email to: * Messages:     Send      Read on Vietnam to use buprenorphine in drug addiction treatment Weaving a new future for rush mattresses Labourers urged to improve skills for industrial revolution Social News 12/5 HCM City launches digital traffic app Southeast Asia’s longest cross-sea bridge close to completion Containers containing Shisha, Khat leaves detected in Hai Phong Railway firms to launch hi-quality services Vietnam threatened by new strain of bird flu VN Railway Corporation proposes $308 mln in fund for railway renovation     Top Stories 17 must-see sites in Hanoi VN amends legal documents to remove barrier to rice exports A visit to Cuu Village Will 86 percent of garment workers lose jobs because of robots? China closes natural forests, Vietnam fears timber shortage Snake game on Nokia 3310 developed by Vietnamese Universities lose money, staff when sending lecturers abroad Hanoi's drive to remove old vehicles off streets faces social barriers Vietnamese telcos to make and export telecom devices Opening of H&M, Zara stores puts pressure on local fashion retailers Latest News HCM City launches weekend street art show HCM City launches digital traffic app U20 Vietnam tie Vanuatu in RoK friendly SOM 2 continues agenda with important events Vietnam tops Uzbekistan at Asian volleyball champs Vietnam, Singapore navies bolster cooperative ties U22 Vietnam lose to Argentina First Mother Goddess practice festival to open Two railway routes to be built in Hanoi Da Nang launches smartphone bus app     RssIN FOCUS Indonesia transport plane crash kills at least five The debate about Nem Thuong pig-chopping ritual Vietnam International Fashion Week 2014 review The China-Philippines dispute in the East Sea Overview of the East Sea Dispute The East Sea disputes Legendary General Vo Nguyen Giap The sadness of heritage Human resources training for healthcare in trouble Analyzing Vietnam-China trade relations PrevNext   Home | Advertising | Weblink | Contact Us VNN © Copyright of VIETNAMNET Bridge Tel: 04.37722792 Fax: 04.37722882, Email: evnn@vietnamnet.vn
