null
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Economy & Policy » News Bill Gates makes a U-turn on demonetisation Business Standard Only America can help India build fifth-generation fighters: Boeing Boeing's plan involves first setting up an Indian factory and the aerospace ecosystem to build the Block II Super Hornet Ajai Shukla  |  St Louis (Missouri)  November 18, 2016 Last Updated at 01:44 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJEblH Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. The Super Hornet is highly regarded by the US Navy not just because it a easy-to-maintain fighter, but also because it is the cheapest to operate in the entire US fighter fleet ALSO READ IAF kicks off contest to make single-engine fighters Boeing says IAF inquiry for twin-engine fighter coming soon, hopes to build 200 in India Fighter Jets to be part of Make in India programme: Parrikar Wake up on air defence Australia enthused about Super Hornet; but CISMOA essential for buying Following the lead of Swedish company, Saab, Boeing has linked its offer to build a fighter aircraft in India with the promise of assistance in designing and building an Indian fifth-generation (Gen-5) fighter.    In a presentation to the Indian media in St Louis, Missouri, where Boeing builds the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet fighter, Boeing’s Dan Gillian, outlined a detailed road map from the Super Hornet to India’s Advanced Medium Combat Aircraft (AMCA), the Gen-5 fighter that the Defence R&D Organisation (DRDO) hopes to build.    Boeing’s plan involves first setting up an Indian factory and the aerospace ecosystem to build the Block II Super Hornet, which will then be improved into the “Advanced Super Hornet”. That infrastructure and design capability would give Indian designers the instruments to build the AMCA.    Boeing’s India chief, Pratyush Kumar, hardly disguises his scepticism of Saab’s promise to help India in designing the AMCA.   “America is the only country that has actually designed and manufactured stealthy, Gen-5 fighters”, points out Kumar. “Stealth design is not a science, it is an art that is developed only after years of trial and error. Boeing has actually mastered that art while co-designing the F-22 fighter.”   Boeing is not in direct competition with Saab, which is pitching to build 100-200 single-engine fighters in India. Instead, Boeing will compete with European manufacturers, Dassault, and Eurofighter, to establish a factory that will churn out a similar number of twin-engine fighters.   The Indian Air Force (IAF) has already solicited interest from global aerospace vendors in the single-engine category, and a similar request is expected soon for building twin-engine fighters.    Kumar claims the F/A-18E/F, which was designed in the 1990s, is a decade more contemporary than its rivals like the Rafale and the Eurofighter Typhoon, which started being designed in the 1980s.    “The Super Hornet is sometimes confused with the older F/A-18A/B Hornet fighter, which dates back to the 1970s. While they are superficially similar, the Super Hornet’s brand new design incorporates a high degree of stealth. For America, the Super Hornet was a stepping stone to the F-35, and it can be a stepping stone to the AMCA for India,” argues Kumar.    Boeing’s new Super Hornet factory in St Louis is churning out two Super Hornets each month for the US Navy, which will continue inducting the fighter well into the 2020s.    Each of America’s 9-12 aircraft carriers (the final number will depend upon President Donald Trump’s defence policy) will embark four squadrons of Super Hornets until 2028, when the F-35 Lightning II starts being inducted in significant numbers.   By 2028, each carrier will have one squadron of the F-35, and by 2035 there will be two squadrons each of the Super Hornet and the F-35.   “But the fighter will remain in service out to the 2040s and, until then, we will be developing upgrades every two years as part of a continuous development programme”, says Gillian. The first improvement on the cards is an advanced cockpit system in 2018-19.   Also being developed, even without US Navy sanction and funding, are “conformal fuel tanks” that will extend the fighter’s 1,000-km strike range by 200 km; and a more powerful and fuel-economical F-414 engine that will increase the thrust by 18 per cent.  He says the Super Hornet is highly regarded by the US Navy not just because it is a capable and easy-to-maintain fighter, but also because it is the cheapest to operate in the entire US fighter fleet, even cheaper than the single-engine F-16.     “The US Government Accountability Office (GAO) rates the F/A-18E/F as the most economical fighter to operate on a  cost per hour basis,” says Gillian.   The challenge for Boeing will be to build a supplier chain in India, like the one that feeds into the Super Hornet line at St Louis. This consists of 800 vendors in 44 states, which employ 60,000 people.   Boeing’s current Super Hornet vendors in India include Bharat Electronics Ltd (BEL), which builds electrical panels; while Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) is building wire bundles and gun bay doors. Smaller companies are also joining the supply chain, including Rossell and SASMOS, which supply electrical equipment. Read More On Boeing | Super Hornet Fighter | Amca | Indian Air Force | Drdo | Gen-5 Fighter | Economy & Policy | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Only America can help India build fifth-generation fighters: Boeing Boeing's plan involves first setting up an Indian factory and the aerospace ecosystem to build the Block II Super Hornet Boeing's plan involves first setting up an Indian factory and the aerospace ecosystem to build the Block II Super Hornet Following the lead of Swedish company, Saab, Boeing has linked its offer to build a fighter aircraft in India with the promise of assistance in designing and building an Indian fifth-generation (Gen-5) fighter.    In a presentation to the Indian media in St Louis, Missouri, where Boeing builds the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet fighter, Boeing’s Dan Gillian, outlined a detailed road map from the Super Hornet to India’s Advanced Medium Combat Aircraft (AMCA), the Gen-5 fighter that the Defence R&D Organisation (DRDO) hopes to build.    Boeing’s plan involves first setting up an Indian factory and the aerospace ecosystem to build the Block II Super Hornet, which will then be improved into the “Advanced Super Hornet”. That infrastructure and design capability would give Indian designers the instruments to build the AMCA.    Boeing’s India chief, Pratyush Kumar, hardly disguises his scepticism of Saab’s promise to help India in designing the AMCA.   “America is the only country that has actually designed and manufactured stealthy, Gen-5 fighters”, points out Kumar. “Stealth design is not a science, it is an art that is developed only after years of trial and error. Boeing has actually mastered that art while co-designing the F-22 fighter.”   Boeing is not in direct competition with Saab, which is pitching to build 100-200 single-engine fighters in India. Instead, Boeing will compete with European manufacturers, Dassault, and Eurofighter, to establish a factory that will churn out a similar number of twin-engine fighters.   The Indian Air Force (IAF) has already solicited interest from global aerospace vendors in the single-engine category, and a similar request is expected soon for building twin-engine fighters.    Kumar claims the F/A-18E/F, which was designed in the 1990s, is a decade more contemporary than its rivals like the Rafale and the Eurofighter Typhoon, which started being designed in the 1980s.    “The Super Hornet is sometimes confused with the older F/A-18A/B Hornet fighter, which dates back to the 1970s. While they are superficially similar, the Super Hornet’s brand new design incorporates a high degree of stealth. For America, the Super Hornet was a stepping stone to the F-35, and it can be a stepping stone to the AMCA for India,” argues Kumar.    Boeing’s new Super Hornet factory in St Louis is churning out two Super Hornets each month for the US Navy, which will continue inducting the fighter well into the 2020s.    Each of America’s 9-12 aircraft carriers (the final number will depend upon President Donald Trump’s defence policy) will embark four squadrons of Super Hornets until 2028, when the F-35 Lightning II starts being inducted in significant numbers.   By 2028, each carrier will have one squadron of the F-35, and by 2035 there will be two squadrons each of the Super Hornet and the F-35.   “But the fighter will remain in service out to the 2040s and, until then, we will be developing upgrades every two years as part of a continuous development programme”, says Gillian. The first improvement on the cards is an advanced cockpit system in 2018-19.   Also being developed, even without US Navy sanction and funding, are “conformal fuel tanks” that will extend the fighter’s 1,000-km strike range by 200 km; and a more powerful and fuel-economical F-414 engine that will increase the thrust by 18 per cent.  He says the Super Hornet is highly regarded by the US Navy not just because it is a capable and easy-to-maintain fighter, but also because it is the cheapest to operate in the entire US fighter fleet, even cheaper than the single-engine F-16.     “The US Government Accountability Office (GAO) rates the F/A-18E/F as the most economical fighter to operate on a  cost per hour basis,” says Gillian.   The challenge for Boeing will be to build a supplier chain in India, like the one that feeds into the Super Hornet line at St Louis. This consists of 800 vendors in 44 states, which employ 60,000 people.   Boeing’s current Super Hornet vendors in India include Bharat Electronics Ltd (BEL), which builds electrical panels; while Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) is building wire bundles and gun bay doors. Smaller companies are also joining the supply chain, including Rossell and SASMOS, which supply electrical equipment. Ajai Shukla Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Only America can help India build fifth-generation fighters: Boeing Boeing's plan involves first setting up an Indian factory and the aerospace ecosystem to build the Block II Super Hornet Following the lead of Swedish company, Saab, Boeing has linked its offer to build a fighter aircraft in India with the promise of assistance in designing and building an Indian fifth-generation (Gen-5) fighter.    In a presentation to the Indian media in St Louis, Missouri, where Boeing builds the F/A-18E/F Super Hornet fighter, Boeing’s Dan Gillian, outlined a detailed road map from the Super Hornet to India’s Advanced Medium Combat Aircraft (AMCA), the Gen-5 fighter that the Defence R&D Organisation (DRDO) hopes to build.    Boeing’s plan involves first setting up an Indian factory and the aerospace ecosystem to build the Block II Super Hornet, which will then be improved into the “Advanced Super Hornet”. That infrastructure and design capability would give Indian designers the instruments to build the AMCA.    Boeing’s India chief, Pratyush Kumar, hardly disguises his scepticism of Saab’s promise to help India in designing the AMCA.   “America is the only country that has actually designed and manufactured stealthy, Gen-5 fighters”, points out Kumar. “Stealth design is not a science, it is an art that is developed only after years of trial and error. Boeing has actually mastered that art while co-designing the F-22 fighter.”   Boeing is not in direct competition with Saab, which is pitching to build 100-200 single-engine fighters in India. Instead, Boeing will compete with European manufacturers, Dassault, and Eurofighter, to establish a factory that will churn out a similar number of twin-engine fighters.   The Indian Air Force (IAF) has already solicited interest from global aerospace vendors in the single-engine category, and a similar request is expected soon for building twin-engine fighters.    Kumar claims the F/A-18E/F, which was designed in the 1990s, is a decade more contemporary than its rivals like the Rafale and the Eurofighter Typhoon, which started being designed in the 1980s.    “The Super Hornet is sometimes confused with the older F/A-18A/B Hornet fighter, which dates back to the 1970s. While they are superficially similar, the Super Hornet’s brand new design incorporates a high degree of stealth. For America, the Super Hornet was a stepping stone to the F-35, and it can be a stepping stone to the AMCA for India,” argues Kumar.    Boeing’s new Super Hornet factory in St Louis is churning out two Super Hornets each month for the US Navy, which will continue inducting the fighter well into the 2020s.    Each of America’s 9-12 aircraft carriers (the final number will depend upon President Donald Trump’s defence policy) will embark four squadrons of Super Hornets until 2028, when the F-35 Lightning II starts being inducted in significant numbers.   By 2028, each carrier will have one squadron of the F-35, and by 2035 there will be two squadrons each of the Super Hornet and the F-35.   “But the fighter will remain in service out to the 2040s and, until then, we will be developing upgrades every two years as part of a continuous development programme”, says Gillian. The first improvement on the cards is an advanced cockpit system in 2018-19.   Also being developed, even without US Navy sanction and funding, are “conformal fuel tanks” that will extend the fighter’s 1,000-km strike range by 200 km; and a more powerful and fuel-economical F-414 engine that will increase the thrust by 18 per cent.  He says the Super Hornet is highly regarded by the US Navy not just because it is a capable and easy-to-maintain fighter, but also because it is the cheapest to operate in the entire US fighter fleet, even cheaper than the single-engine F-16.     “The US Government Accountability Office (GAO) rates the F/A-18E/F as the most economical fighter to operate on a  cost per hour basis,” says Gillian.   The challenge for Boeing will be to build a supplier chain in India, like the one that feeds into the Super Hornet line at St Louis. This consists of 800 vendors in 44 states, which employ 60,000 people.   Boeing’s current Super Hornet vendors in India include Bharat Electronics Ltd (BEL), which builds electrical panels; while Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) is building wire bundles and gun bay doors. Smaller companies are also joining the supply chain, including Rossell and SASMOS, which supply electrical equipment. Ajai Shukla Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
null
Remember Me Albuquerque Journal SUBSCRIBE NOW For only $12 Sign In Search News Sections Latest News Nation/World Front Page Politics Crime Science Education Living Health Roads & Traffic Photos Video Submit a news tip Archives In your community ABQ Metro Santa Fe Rio Rancho New Mexico Crime Map Community Data Property Crime Offenders City Hall with Dan McKay Inside the beltway with Michael Coleman NM Borderlands with Lauren Villagran NM Higher Ed. with Chris Quintana Sports Sections UNM Lobos NMSU Aggies High School Local Pro Teams Boxing/MMA Golf Other Local Go! Outdoor Sports AP NFL Coverage Speak Up! Email to Speak Up! Grammer School on Lobo basketball Rick is Wright on Lobo football Business Sections Success Real Estate Careers/Jobs Retail Technology Health Care Energy Business Columns Business Outlook Newsletters Retail Roundup with Jessica Dyer Scammed, Etc. with Ellen Marks Entertainment Sections Movie News Dining Movie Listings Arts TV News Music TV Listings Calendar Fetch! (pet pics) Go! Outdoors Special Sections Living Puzzles Comics Reel NM with Adrian Gomez Video Games with Greg Peretti All In with Rozanna Martinez Brews News with Rozanna Martinez & Jessica Dyer Obituaries Sections Profiles Submit an obituary Opinion Sections Editorials Upfront Syndicated columns Guest columns Letters Caption contest Your opinion Send a letter to the editor Submit Speakup Submit Sports Speakup Calendar Add a calendar event Real Estate Open Houses Classifieds Real Estate Open Houses Garage sales Legals Place an ad Jobs Look for a job Browse by category Employer directory Post a job Cars Build a new vehicle Compare vehicles Research vehicles Auto reviews Subscribe Success! — Manage subscriptions Sign up for our Newsletters 52° Share House votes to prohibit sale of commercial aircraft to Iran By Richard Lardner / Associated Press Thursday, November 17th, 2016 at 1:50pm .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... .......... ..........WASHINGTON — The Republican-led House has acted decisively to bar the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, a move that would scuttle deals already authorized by the Obama administration and potentially worth billions of dollars. By 243-174 vote on Thursday, lawmakers passed legislation that would prohibit the Treasury Department from issuing the licenses U.S. banks would need to complete the transactions. The House bill seeks to counter the department’s decision in September to grant aviation giants Boeing and Airbus permission to sell the passenger planes to Tehran. The bill must now clear the Senate, where the measure would face stiff opposition from Democrats. President Barack Obama would veto the bill if it reached his desk, according to the White House. The proposed sales may involve the purchase and leasing of more than 200 aircraft, which could generate thousands of new jobs, according to Democrats who opposed the legislation. Republicans, however, decried the sale of aircraft to a country they say is the leading state sponsor of terrorism and has flouted United Nations resolutions by testing ballistic missiles. Advertisement Continue reading Iran’s nuclear deal with the U.S. and other world powers ended international economic sanctions against Tehran and specifically allowed for the sale of commercial aircraft and spare parts. The Treasury Department said the licenses granted to Boeing and Airbus contained “strict conditions to ensure the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred to a designated entity.” But Rep. Peter Roskam, R-Ill., called the aircraft sales a “scandal.” He harshly criticized Boeing and Airbus for seeking to do business with Iran. “We need to make sure that the American financial system is not complicit in this deal,” Roskam said. “We need to make sure that American taxpayers are not subsidizing this deal.” Although Roskam is from Illinois, where Boeing is headquartered, the airplanes the company proposed selling to Tehran are built in Washington state. Democrats cast the legislation as another Republican attempt to undermine last year’s Iran nuclear agreement and embarrass the Obama administration. Rep. Jim Himes, D-Conn., a member of the House Intelligence committee, said the bill plunged the House again into the “dreary and dangerous ritual” of considering a measure that would cause the United States to violate the nuclear accord that took years to forge with world powers, including China and Russia. Himes also argued denying the aircraft sale could cause 100,000 jobs to not be created. Ahead of the vote, the Office of Management and Budget said in a statement Monday that the legislation would “contravene U.S. commitments” in the nuclear deal and undercut American credibility with its allies. Advertisement Continue reading National carrier Iran Air signed agreements in January to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth $25 billion. Iran later reduced the number of planes to 112. Though based abroad, Airbus needed Treasury’s approval because at least 10 percent of the manufacturer’s components are of American origin. Under Boeing’s deal, Iran Air is slated to buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s, raising the potential total value of the deal to $25 billion. But Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with the Teal Group, doubted that Iran has the money for so many new planes. The country’s economy, rife with corruption and patronage, is in poor shape, he said. Third party lenders also are likely to be leery of underwriting such large transactions because Tehran is not party to an international agreement called the Cape Town Convention that guarantees financiers can repossess the jets in the event of bankruptcy, he said. “In the here and now, Iran maybe has the ability to absorb and finance at most a quarter of the aircraft,” said Aboulafia, adding that Tehran would likely have to settle for used and leased planes. ___ Follow Richard Lardner on Twitter: http://twitter.com/rplardner Share Tweet LinkedIn Print Subscribe Politics Suggested Stories: House bill defies Pentagon – May 23, 2014 House passes defense bill that Obama threatens to veto – Oct 1, 2015 Republican-led House OKs defense bill despite veto threat – Oct 2, 2015 House approves greater oversight of Iran nuclear deal – Jan 13, 2016 Advertisement Comments Subscribe to the Journal for only $12. QUICK LINKS Home Search Weather Archives Puzzles Comics CONTACT THE JOURNAL Staff directory Submit a news tip 505-823-3800 Send a letter to the editor Submit an obituary Advertise in the Journal SUBSCRIBER SERVICES Account services Subscribe to the Journal Recover username/password 505-823-4400 Access our archives Place a classified ad Privacy policy RELATED SITES & PARTNERS Journal Rewards Puzzles News in Education Mountain View Telegraph Rio Rancho Observer Valencia News-Bulletin El Defensor Chieftain Kirtland AFB Nucleus Copyright © 2016 Albuquerque Journal | Albuquerque, N.M. TOP |
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out21:02 GMT +320 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Boeing, Lockheed Battle for Contracts to Build Future Canadian Fighter Jets © Flickr/ Forsvarsdepartementet World 22:39 17.11.2016(updated 03:01 18.11.2016) Get short URL 14245428 On Wednesday a Boeing Military Aircraft executive made a bid for a Canadian defense contract by tacitly disparaging competitor Lockheed Martin, and making note of the close relationship the country has maintained with the company. Boeing President Shelley Lavender, attempting to cozy up to the government, pointed out some of Lockheed’s flaws during a speech at Ottawa’s Canadian Aerospace Summit. The Financial Post quotes her saying, "(Boeing is) providing the capabilities needed for today and tomorrow at a fraction of the cost and risk of development programs, programs that have been delayed and continue to have uncertain delivery schedules and operational costs."  © REUTERS/ US Air Force, Shawn Nickel, File Canada Ignores Lockheed Threats: Ottawa Wants Super Hornet, Not Faulty F-35 She added that her company is "inserting the latest technology into existing and new aircraft, we are driving down costs, we’re increasing quality and meeting or beating our customers’ delivery requirements." Lockheed CEO Marillyn Hewson made a similar overture on Tuesday during a visit to Ottawa, calling the country one of Lockheed’s "most valued partners," and touting the "special relationship between the US and Canada." Lockheed is trying to get the Liberal government to keep its F-35 as a replacement for Ottawa’s aging fleet of Boeing CF-18 fighter jets, a decision brought about by an unpopular single-source contract acquired under former Prime Minister Stephen Harper, a Conservative.  © AP Photo/ Airman Magazine Canada Ditches Super Hornet After Threats to Buy F-35 or Lose 10,000 Jobs Hewson said, "Since the beginning of the program in 2001, more than 110 Canadian companies have contributed to the development and production of the F-35, bringing advanced technology and engineering work to Canada,” adding that the company is "proud to be a part of Canada’s past, and we’re committed to helping this nation succeed in the future…We look forward to continuing our strong partnership for many more years to come." The issue of the sole-source contract also arose during the campaign season, with Harper remarking that, "The Liberal Party is living in a dream world if they think we can pull out of the development project of the F-35 and not lose business…I don't know what planet they're living on." according to CBC. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 28 Related: Canada's Trudeau Bound for CETA Signing Turns Around Due to Plane Problems CETA Trade Deal 'Interfering With Democratic Institutions in EU and Canada' EU and Canada Sign CETA Free Trade Deal EU, Canada Call for Resumption of Syrian Truce, New Round of Peace Talks Canada Trade Minister Introduces Free Trade Deal With Ukraine to Parliament Tags: defense contract, F-35 fighter jet, Lockheed Martin, Boeing, Canada TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply Concrete Mike 23:44 17.11.2016 | 1 | Edit | Delete Bring back thé Avro arrow lol Reply freeWill 00:32 18.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Canada can build it's own Reply wendigo 03:02 18.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete A mixed fleet of Hornets, ea18 Growlers, and the latest Gripen when it's ready, would be Canada's ideal fighter force. Too bad Ottawa's too cheap to consider more than one fighter at a time in its air force. Reply support 04:32 18.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Canada has the ability, manufacturing base, and workforce to design, prototype, tool-up, manufacture and conduct FACO on an indigenously conceived fighter aircraft. It is not simply about the proof of this provided by the Avro Aero, but that Canada currently has the capability to produce or already produces almost every component for present US aircraft and has since the establishment of the British-American Aircraft Training Programme by Lord Beaverbrook in the early 1940's during WW II. This programme also manufactured Wellies, Lancs, Spitfires and Hurricanes and post-war, Gloucester Meteors, Short Sundstrands, etc. There are already several aircraft manufacturers in Canada such as DeHaviland, Magellan Aerospace and Rolls Royce Canada for gas turbine power plants, Standard Aero for GT power plants as well, and of course Bombardier. As ever it is always the entirely unwarranted yet eternal Canadian inferiority complex combined with healthy bribes, both legal treaty-based and under the counter, that keep Canada out of the bidding. Canada should buy Russian or Chinese combat aircraft IMO if they cared anything at all about fighting wars to win.Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories New EU 'Totalitarian Ideology' Plans to Put Russian Media, Daesh on Same Page The EU Parliament is set to vote on a report on countering third-party information warfare that puts Russian media and Daesh propaganda on the same level. 2328 Putin Speaks With Obama on Sidelines of APEC Summit - Kremlin Russian President Vladimit Putin spoke with his US counterpart Barack Obama on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Peru, Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Sunday, confirming earlier media reports. 2996 Trump Confirms Considering Appointment of General Mattis as Pentagon Chief US President-elect Donald Trump confirmed on Sunday that he has been considering retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis for the post of the head of Pentagon. 4959 Persian Style Guide: First Fashion Encyclopedia Published in Iran The first national encyclopedia of Iranian fashion and attire has been published in Iran. It introduces its readers to the fashion industry of the Islamic Republic. The book will be presented at the international exhibition of clothes “Daheye Fajr” in late January 2017. 0 13 Beauty AND Brains: Choose the Most Attractive Russian Female Lawmaker The serious and responsible work in the Russian State Duma does not keep some female MPs from staying in great shape and at times even becoming trendsetters. Sputnik presents below a list of Russia’s most attractive MPs. Vote for your favorite by clicking on the arrow next to the photo. 173483 Damascus Will Back Syrian Peace Talks on Condition of No External Interference Damascus is ready to support the Syrian peace talks on condition that the foreign states will refrain from meddling in the negotiations, Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem said Sunday after negotiations with UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura. 0 298 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 20:59Persian Style Guide: First Fashion Encyclopedia Published in Iran 20:50IMF Head Skeptical About WTO - Russian Deputy Minister 20:46IMF Head Says Russia Tackling Decline in Oil Prices With Dignity - Official 20:41Putin, Abe Discuss Economic Projects in Third Countries - Moscow 20:38New EU 'Totalitarian Ideology' Plans to Put Russian Media, Daesh on Same PageAll news Poll Finds Disunity in EU Ranks, 'Things Are Going in the Wrong Direction' 72206 Putin’s Presidential Plane Chased by Swiss Fighter Jets (VIDEO) 21469 India, US Turn Corner, Resolve to Close Old Tax Disputes Worth USD 751 Million 10090 The Final Countdown: Syrian Army Prepares to Storm Aleppo's East 9696 'Putin Was Right': This is Who Will Rebuild Syria After the War 8993All news Putin’s Presidential Plane Chased by Swiss Fighter Jets (VIDEO) 94 Poll Finds Disunity in EU Ranks, 'Things Are Going in the Wrong Direction' 79 Moscow to Respond to Bern's Explanations Over Jets Tracking Russian Gov't Plane 57 George Soros Seeking Ways to Resist Trump's New Global Order 53 Majority of Germans Want Merkel to Stay for Another Term as Chancellor 52All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics From Katyusha to Iskander-M: Top-10 Arms of Russian Missile Forces and Artillery Friends With Benefits US 'War on Terror' in Numbers News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Boeing Subsidiary CDG Team Wins Brandon Hall Gold Award for Learning and Development Boeing LTD is responsible for delivery of training to Boeing and airline customers. The LTD team needed to develop a more cost-effective and time-saving approach to train aircraft technicians on how to properly refuel oxygen equipment without compromising safety. LTD partnered with the eLearning team at CDG to develop a realistic, interactive 3D simulation and training course based on photos and instructions in aircraft maintenance manuals. The eLearning course has delivered significant savings of time and money, both in the classroom and on the job. The previous training class required 16 hours of equipment and materials preparation and in-class time; the new eLearning course takes significantly less time to complete, saving learner hours for each training course plus additional hours throughout the year due to the shorter time needed for securing training equipment and workshop training tasks. In addition, the training was connected to a significant process change that reduced the on-the-job time required for a trained technician to service a plane’s oxygen equipment. This efficiency translates into faster maintenance “turn times” to help avoid flight delays and get airplanes off the ground and back into service quickly. “We are extremely pleased that everyone who contributed to the project is receiving well-deserved recognition for their outstanding efforts,” said Norma Clayton, vice president of Boeing Learning, Training and Development (LTD). “This award is not only about the innovative approach and quality of the training materials; it also demonstrates what can be achieved when our talented teams at Boeing effectively collaborate and work together to drive a better solution for customers.” Boeing subsidiary CDG is a leading provider of engineering, technical data and eLearning services and solutions. CDG’s eLearning teams developed the multimedia simulation training content design for the training courses. The award entries were evaluated by a panel of veteran, independent senior industry experts, Brandon Hall Group analysts and executives based upon the following criteria: fit the need, design of the program, functionality, innovation, and overall measurable benefits. Excellence Award winners will be honored at Brandon Hall Group’s HCM Excellence Conference January 24-27, 2017, at the PGA National Resort in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. All award winners are listed at http://www.brandonhall.com/excellenceawards/past-winners.php. About Brandon Hall Group Brandon Hall Group is a HCM research and advisory services firm that provides insights around key performance areas, including Learning and Development, Talent Management, Leadership Development, Talent Acquisition and Workforce Management. With more than 10,000 clients globally and 20 years of delivering world-class research and advisory services, Brandon Hall Group is focused on developing research that drives performance in emerging and large organizations, and provides strategic insights for executives and practitioners responsible for growth and business results. For more information, visit www.brandonhall.com. Photo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161117/440782 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-subsidiary-cdg-team-wins-brandon-hall-gold-award-for-learning-and-development-300365266.html SOURCE CDG Related Links http://www.cdgnow.com Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 17, 2016November 17, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Mathew A. Brainerd of Brainerd Chemical Company Inc. Named NACD Distributor of the Year Next Next post: Lands’ End Offers Chance to be Santa For a Day Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Emma Has A Dilemma, A New Children’s Book that Teaches Grammar to 4-8 Year Old Children, Hits the Online Market. Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
The Times of Israel Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs Start-Up Israel Partners NEW JERSEY:The Jewish Standard United Kingdom:The Jewish News FOR PUBLISHERS:Become a Times of Israel partner Daily Edition Spotlight s   English العربية Français 中文 فارسی Sunday, November 20, 2016 Heshvan 19, 5777 7:51 pm IST About Us About the site Contact us Advertise with us Advertise with us Partner Links: Learn Hebrew Judaica Web Store Thrifty Car Rental Make Aliyah Israel Car Rental Help Fight BDS! Subscribe to the Daily Edition Follow @timesofisrael Home  > Israel & the Region House votes to prohibit sale of commercial aircraft to Iran Republican-backed bill would scuttle deals already authorized by the Obama administration and potentially worth billions of dollars By Richard Lardner November 17, 2016, 8:45 pm Tweet Email Print Share A plane from the Iranian airline Mahan Air, which is backed by the country’s notorious Revolutionary Guard lands at the international airport in Sanaa, Yemen on March 1, 2015. (AP Photo/Hani Mohammed, File) Newsroom Email the Newsroom Facebook Twitter Related Topics US House of Representatives Republicans Peter Roskam Related Stories Hospital workers rush to evacuate infants in Aleppo bombing Dutch expert: Islamic State has 60-80 operatives in Europe Iraqi troops face stiff resistance from IS in eastern Mosul Egypt sentences journalist union head to two years in jail Hospitals hit, schools shut, dozens killed as Syria regime pounds Aleppo Palestinians say Gaza man killed in clashes with IDF French baby named for killer of 4 Jews at Toulouse school US buys ads on Facebook to fight jihadists Iranian artist’s giant mural turns heads in Boston WASHINGTON (AP) — The Republican-led House has acted decisively to bar the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, a move that would scuttle deals already authorized by the Obama administration and potentially worth billions of dollars. By 243-174 vote on Thursday, lawmakers passed legislation that would prohibit the Treasury Department from issuing the licenses US banks would need to complete the transactions. The House bill seeks to counter the department’s decision in September to grant aviation giants Boeing and Airbus permission to sell the passenger planes to Tehran. The bill must now clear the Senate, where the measure would face stiff opposition from Democrats. President Barack Obama would almost certainly veto the bill if it reached his desk. The proposed sales may involve the purchase and leasing of more than 200 aircraft, which could generate thousands of new jobs, according to Democrats who opposed the legislation. Republicans, however, decried the sale of aircraft to a country they say is the leading state sponsor of terrorism and has flouted United Nations resolutions by testing ballistic missiles. Iran’s nuclear deal with the US and other world powers ended international economic sanctions against Tehran and specifically allowed for the sale of commercial aircraft and spare parts. The Treasury Department said the licenses granted to Boeing and Airbus contained “strict conditions to ensure the planes will be used exclusively for commercial passenger use and cannot be resold or transferred to a designated entity.” Peter Roskam (CC BY-SA Gage Skidmore, Flickr) But Representative Peter Roskam (R-Illinois) called the aircraft sales a “scandal.” He harshly criticized Boeing and Airbus for seeking to do business with Iran. “We need to make sure that the American financial system is not complicit in this deal,” Roskam said. “We need to make sure that American taxpayers are not subsidizing this deal.” Although Roskam is from Illinois, where Boeing is headquartered, the airplanes the company proposed selling to Tehran are built in Washington state. Democrats cast the legislation as another Republican attempt to undermine last year’s Iran nuclear agreement and embarrass the Obama administration. Jim Himes (Wikipedia) Representative Jim Himes (D-Connecticut) a member of the House Intelligence committee, said the bill plunged the House again into the “dreary and dangerous ritual” of considering a measure that would cause the United States to violate the nuclear accord that took years to forge with world powers, including China and Russia. Himes also argued denying the aircraft sale could cause 100,000 jobs to not be created. National carrier Iran Air signed agreements in January to buy 118 planes from Airbus, estimated to be worth $25 billion. Iran later reduced the number of planes to 112. Though based abroad, Airbus needed Treasury’s approval because at least 10 percent of the manufacturer’s components are of American origin. A Boeing 747 of Iran’s national airline is seen at Mehrabad International Airport in Tehran, June 2003. (AP/Hasan Sarbakhshian, File) Under Boeing’s deal, Iran Air is slated to buy 80 aircraft with a total list price of $17.6 billion, with deliveries beginning in 2017 and running until 2025. Iran Air also will lease 29 new Boeing 737s, raising the potential total value of the deal to $25 billion. But Richard Aboulafia, an aerospace analyst with the Teal Group, doubted that Iran has the money for so many new planes. The country’s economy, rife with corruption and patronage, is in poor shape, he said. Third party lenders also are likely to be leery of underwriting such large transactions because Tehran is not party to an international agreement called the Cape Town Convention that guarantees financiers can repossess the jets in the event of bankruptcy, he said. “In the here and now, Iran maybe has the ability to absorb and finance at most a quarter of the aircraft,” said Aboulafia, adding that Tehran would likely have to settle for used and leased planes. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press Like us on Facebook Get our newsletter Follow us on Twitter Tweet Read more on:  US House of Representatives,  Republicans,  Peter Roskam,  Jim Himes,  Democrats,  Airbus,  Boeing,  Iran,  Iran Air,  US-Iran relations,  US Treasury Department,  Iran nuclear deal More in Israel & the Region Revised ombudsman report on Gaza war said to focus blame on PM, Ya'alon Comments on this article Report inappropriate comments The Times of Israel Current top stories Israel’s own Aquaman? Meet the CEO who built a home aquarium large enough to swim in By Yaakov Schwartz   Paris peace parley proceeding as planned, France insists By Raphael Ahren   Obama, Russia’s Putin speak at economic summit in Peru By Elie Leshem   IDF officer dismissed for failing to intervene in terror attack By Judah Ari Gross and Times of Israel staff   Swedish binary options victim tracks brokers to Israel, files police complaint By Simona Weinglass   The Times of Israel Daily Edition Free to Your Inbox The email is either missing or invalid Almost finished... We need to confirm your email address first. To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. By signing up, you agree to our terms You hereby accept The Times of Israel Terms of Use and Privacy Policy, and you agree to receive the latest news & offers from The Times of Israel and its partners or ad sponsors. Latest Articles News Features   7:36 pm   IDF officer dismissed for failing to intervene in terror attack 7:34 pm   Pence says he’s not offended by Hamilton incident 7:33 pm   Protester assails Ashton Kutcher over West Bank rentals 7:03 pm   Iran appoints new chief for army’s ground forces 7:02 pm   Note reading ‘Gas Jew die’ left at home of Jewish Oberlin professor 6:50 pm   Israelis now eligible for expedited entry into UK 6:36 pm   Pope prays for sense of humor every day 5:38 pm   Minister backs Bannon, thanks him for ‘friendship with Israel’ 5:35 pm   Spelling out Harry Potter in Arabic, Greek and Hebrew 5:23 pm   Trump team confirms Romney vetted for US secretary 5:02 pm   Remaining Beastie Boys to lead anti-hate rally in Brooklyn 4:55 pm   Paris peace parley proceeding as planned, France insists 4:49 pm   Hamas chief says Israel ‘playing with fire’ by muffling mosques 4:12 pm   Merkel tells party she’ll seek fourth term as chancellor 4:11 pm   Syrian government refuses UN truce terms for Aleppo 3:39 pm   Trump win spurs plans for Jerusalem building spree over Green Line 3:29 pm   Palestinian leadership struggle tangled in deadly infighting 2:37 pm   Hebrew media review: Down kaleidoscope 1:58 pm   Pope closes door on rare ‘Year of Mercy’ jubilee 1:49 pm   French conservatives head to polls to pick presidential contender 1:47 pm   Live updates: Obama, Russia’s Putin speak at economic summit in Peru 1:36 pm   Ultra-Orthodox minor, men arrested for anti-IDF draft attacks 1:04 pm   Hands-free phone opens worlds for paralyzed users 12:53 pm   Security, not cronyism, behind submarine deal, PM insists 12:47 pm   Protesters clash with alt-right activists celebrating Trump win 12:30 pm   New Pears Challenge to address India’s health woes 12:07 pm   166 arrested in Dutch ‘anti-fascism’ demonstration 11:44 am   Dozens injured as bus careens into traffic near Tel Aviv 10:51 am   Jerusalem opens its doors to foodies in culinary festival 10:07 am   Protesters ‘decorate’ Jerusalem chief rabbi’s office with gay pride flag   Latest Blogs Erris Langer Klapper 6:29 pm Thanks, But Please Don’t Tell... Michael M. Rosen 6:15 pm From #NeverTrump to “Respect but... Simon Hardy Butler 4:34 pm Conversations with an Anti-Semite Jeremy Havardi 1:28 pm American isolationism will be bad... Debra Band 12:48 am The Jewish Spirit in Jewish Art Most Read Talked Shared Past 24 Hours Past Week Past Month 1 Mike Huckabee said set to be US envoy to Israel, tasked with moving embassy to Jerusalem By Times of Israel staff and Stuart Winer  2 Jerusalem chief rabbi calls homosexuality an ‘abomination’ By Times of Israel staff  3 Israel’s favorite drag queen is this former yeshiva boy By Andrew Tobin  4 Pence confronted by cast at ‘Hamilton’ performance By Mark Kennedy  5 Trump’s CIA pick Pompeo anticipates ‘rolling back’ the ‘disastrous’ Iran deal By Times of Israel staff and Agencies  Past 24 Hours Past Week Past Month 1 Jerusalem chief rabbi calls homosexuality an ‘abomination’ By Times of Israel staff  2 Trump’s key staff picks alarm American minorities By ERRIN HAINES WHACK  3 NY’s Adam Yauch Park vandalized with swastikas, pro-Trump message By Times of Israel staff and AP  4 Trump’s top Pentagon pick said settlements were creating ‘apartheid’ By Eric Cortellessa  5 Bannon: We could govern for 50 years By Times of Israel staff and AFP  Past 24 Hours Past Week Past Month 1 Mike Huckabee said set to be US envoy to Israel, tasked with moving embassy to Jerusalem By Times of Israel staff and Stuart Winer  2 Jerusalem chief rabbi calls homosexuality an ‘abomination’ By Times of Israel staff  3 Israel’s favorite drag queen is this former yeshiva boy By Andrew Tobin  4 Pence confronted by cast at ‘Hamilton’ performance By Mark Kennedy  5 French baby named for killer of 4 Jews at Toulouse school By JTA  Back to Top The Times of Israel Home Israel & the Region Jewish Times Israel Inside The Blogs The Jewish Planet Start-Up Israel Daily Edition Spotlight Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Newsletter Facebook Twitter RSS © 2016 The Times of Israel, All rights reserved. Concept, design & development by RGB Media Powered by Salamandra
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com Boeing Subsidiary CDG Team Wins Brandon Hall Gold Award for Learning and Development Boeing LTD is responsible for delivery of training to Boeing and airline customers. The LTD team needed to develop a more cost-effective and time-saving approach to train aircraft technicians on how to properly refuel oxygen equipment without compromising safety. LTD partnered with the eLearning team at CDG to develop a realistic, interactive 3D simulation and training course based on photos and instructions in aircraft maintenance manuals. The eLearning course has delivered significant savings of time and money, both in the classroom and on the job. The previous training class required 16 hours of equipment and materials preparation and in-class time; the new eLearning course takes significantly less time to complete, saving learner hours for each training course plus additional hours throughout the year due to the shorter time needed for securing training equipment and workshop training tasks. In addition, the training was connected to a significant process change that reduced the on-the-job time required for a trained technician to service a plane’s oxygen equipment. This efficiency translates into faster maintenance “turn times” to help avoid flight delays and get airplanes off the ground and back into service quickly. “We are extremely pleased that everyone who contributed to the project is receiving well-deserved recognition for their outstanding efforts,” said Norma Clayton, vice president of Boeing Learning, Training and Development (LTD). “This award is not only about the innovative approach and quality of the training materials; it also demonstrates what can be achieved when our talented teams at Boeing effectively collaborate and work together to drive a better solution for customers.” Boeing subsidiary CDG is a leading provider of engineering, technical data and eLearning services and solutions. CDG’s eLearning teams developed the multimedia simulation training content design for the training courses. The award entries were evaluated by a panel of veteran, independent senior industry experts, Brandon Hall Group analysts and executives based upon the following criteria: fit the need, design of the program, functionality, innovation, and overall measurable benefits. Excellence Award winners will be honored at Brandon Hall Group’s HCM Excellence Conference January 24-27, 2017, at the PGA National Resort in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. All award winners are listed at http://www.brandonhall.com/excellenceawards/past-winners.php. About Brandon Hall Group Brandon Hall Group is a HCM research and advisory services firm that provides insights around key performance areas, including Learning and Development, Talent Management, Leadership Development, Talent Acquisition and Workforce Management. With more than 10,000 clients globally and 20 years of delivering world-class research and advisory services, Brandon Hall Group is focused on developing research that drives performance in emerging and large organizations, and provides strategic insights for executives and practitioners responsible for growth and business results. For more information, visit www.brandonhall.com. Photo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161117/440782   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/boeing-subsidiary-cdg-team-wins-brandon-hall-gold-award-for-learning-and-development-300365266.html SOURCE CDG Related Links http://www.cdgnow.com Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 17, 2016November 17, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Brondell Debuts Swash 1400 Advanced Bidet Toilet Seat, a Fresh Approach to Personal Hygiene Next Next post: Mathew A. Brainerd of Brainerd Chemical Company Inc. Named NACD Distributor of the Year Search for: Search Recent Posts Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Cultural exchange becomes spotlight on 3rd WIC Canadian Entreprenuer expands business empire Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Twitter Facebook Subscribe World Home News Business Opinion Editorial Food & Society Op-Ed Analysis Commentary Press Release Business RwandAir acquires Africa’s a Boeing 737-800 plane By editor Posted on November 17, 2016 Share Tweet Share Share Email Comments This post has already been read 539 times! RwandAir has acquired a Boeing 737-800, becoming the first African carrier to own and operate a 737 with the Boeing Sky Interior. The delivery also marks RwandAir’s first direct aircraft purchase. The brand new aircraft, given the local name ‘Kalisimbi,’   touched down at Kigali International Airport at yesterday. RwandAir becomes the first airline in Africa purchase and acquire a Boeing 737-800NG fully equipped with in-flight connectivity on a line-fit programme, including WiFi. The 154-seater aircraft is a dual- class cabin configuration and identical to the two Boeing 737-800NG with the first Boeing Sky Interior in Africa purchased six years ago. The brand new aircraft is expected to facilitate the airline’s expansion goal. John Mirenge, the Airline’s chief executive, believes the plane is expected to enhance RwandAir’s capacity to compete commercially in what has become rather a competitive business, In December last year, RwandAir signed a lease agreement with Aircraft Lease Corporation, an American based lessor to acquire two brand new Boeing 737-800 Next Generation. The next 737 (Muhabura) is expected to be delivered in May next year, as the airline’s capacity is expected to grow from the current 500,000 passengers annually to more than 3,000,000 in the next coming five years. RwandAir’s fleet now up to 12 aircraft and its capacity in terms of seats will double with the acquisition of the fourth B737-800NG and its second A330 (300 series). In September, the national carrier acquired East Africa’s first brand new Airbus 330-200, dubbed ‘Ubumwe’ (unity). A few months ago, the airline launched flights to Cotonou in Benin and Abidjan in Ivory Coast growing the total number of flight destinations to 19. The airline is also planning to start flight to Gatwick, London as well as America in 2017. The company is also set to open up routes to Harare Zimbabwe and Mumbia, India in the coming days. Others consist of: Bujumbura, Nairobi, Dubai, Entebbe, Brazzaville, Lusaka, Mombasa, Douala, Dar es Salaam, Kilimanjaro, Libreville, Johannesburg g, Juba and Lagos. This post has already been read 539 times! Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Related Items: Share Tweet Share Share Email Click to comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Current ye@r * Leave this field empty Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Post navigation Good governance would ‘lift Africa’ out of extreme poverty The Rwandans stay masters of their own house Most Popular 17.4K 9 News CEPGEL remains less productive, heavily indebted-Min Mushikiwabo Opinion Tribute to Assinapol Rwigara 9.0K 11 Business Kigali Marriott Hotel to employ 10,000 staff 5.9K 1 News Rwanda: News website Ireme latest to be blocked 5.9K News #UNSG Ban Ki Moon appoints Coordinator for Ebola Virus Disease 5.6K News Ebola in DRC: Two people tested positive News Breaking: Three senior Journalists flee Rwanda News Family of business tycoon Rwigara alleges he was assassinated 5.1K 7 News Uganda: MP Cerinah Nebanda died of drugs 5.0K 1 News Angolan rapper Luaty Beirao sent to prison for rebellion Great Lakes Voice (GLV) is an independent news network that aims to provide Africa\'s Great Lakes Region with a source of uncensored news. Great Lakes Voice is owned and registered as The Voice, Ltd. and has an office at Press House (No. 37, KG 17 Avenue, Kigali). Twitter Facebook Subscribe World Copyright © 2015 Great Lakes Voice To Top
For more local news from India, visit Bloombergquint.com Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe When the U.S. Moves on Trade, China Hits Back Fast Bloomberg News November 17, 2016 — 11:01 AM EST Updated on November 18, 2016 — 4:35 AM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp Trade Set to Dominate Trump-Abe Talks ‘Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus,’ Global Times says Norwegian salmon shipments suffered after dissident won Nobel Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mailShare on TwitterShare on WhatsApp China’s stance on U.S. trade can be illustrated by one of Sir Isaac Newton’s laws of motion: For every action, there’s an equal and opposite reaction. From steel to solar, Beijing has responded in kind to what it deemed as trade slights from Washington. It also has sought World Trade Organization protections, and with some success. That’s something for President-elect Donald Trump to weigh as he decides whether to honor his proposal for tariffs on the world’s largest trading nation, which had $627 billion in U.S. trade in 2015. A Communist Party newspaper this week gave a flavor of what could come, suggesting "tit for tat" retaliation should a trade tiff erupt. "Boeing orders will be replaced by Airbus," the Global Times said in an editorial. "U.S. auto and iPhone sales in China will suffer a setback, and U.S. soybean and maize imports will be halted." Here’s how history could be a guide: Steel The latest U.S. anti-dumping action against Chinese steel was a preliminary ruling in September on imported stainless steel sheets and strips from China, after American tariffs of 266 percent on Chinese cold-rolled steel imports were announced in May. In October, China extended anti-dumping tariffs on U.S. exports of caprolactam, a material used in textiles. Beijing also scored a victory over the U.S. at the WTO in a dispute over U.S. duties imposed on 13 imported Chinese products--three years after Beijing first filed the case. For a story about how a Trump-China trade war could play out, click here Tires, Chicken Chronology sometimes says more than causality. In 2009, the U.S. imposed tariffs on Chinese tires. In 2010, China announced charges on U.S. poultry. The U.S. filed a WTO complaint in 2011. Beijing’s broiler chicken duties of as much as 105.4 percent hurt about 300,000 workers and farmers, the U.S. said at the time. In 2013, after the WTO upheld the U.S. on tire tariffs, China renewed its investigation into American poultry. In 2015, the U.S. announced duties on Chinese tires in June after a year-long investigation. China said later in August the same year that it would keep current countervailing duties on U.S. broiler chickens and relaunch a subsidy investigation. In August, the U.S. again imposed duties on truck tires. In September, China extended anti-dumping duties on U.S. chicken for five years, raising them as much as 73.8 percent. Aircraft Boeing Co., the largest U.S. exporter, has long been a key bellwether for trade relations. China Southern Airlines threatened in 1995 to pull the plug on $2 billion of orders based on progress in talks over copyright law, then didn’t. The next year, Boeing said strained trade ties would hurt sales after China gave Airbus Group SE its biggest-ever order for $1.5 billion. While China doesn’t sell its own commercial aircraft, yet, trade tension could still arise. President Xi Jinping gave Boeing a $38 billion order last year on a plant visit in Seattle. Solar In July, the U.S. raised anti-dumping duties on photovoltaic products from China. Two months later, China imposed anti-dumping and anti-subsidy duties on distiller’s dried grain, a byproduct of ethanol and animal feed, from the U.S. In 2014, China hiked tariffs to 57 percent for U.S. exports of polysilicon used in solar cells. That rippled through to small manufacturers like REC Silicon ASA in Moses Lake, Washington, and Hemlock Semiconductor Corp. in Hemlock, Michigan. The dispute with China, the biggest market for materials used in solar panels, pressured U.S. producers to cut output and prices. Technology China stepped up efforts to shift to domestic technology companies after 2014 revelations of widespread spying by U.S. intelligence agencies using American electronics to snoop. It complicated life for U.S. firms like Cisco Systems Inc., Intel Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co. Meanwhile, Chinese regulators pursued antitrust probes against Microsoft Corp. and Qualcomm Inc. Microsoft’s China offices were raided, Windows software banned from government PCs, procurement of Apple Inc. iPads was blocked. Now, foreign tech firms must give Beijing unprecedented access to their systems under a new law. Trump’s tariff plans could hurt U.S. buyers too. Cellphone imports are now duty free, but such tariffs would raise the average price by $90.08 per phone, according to a Bloomberg Intelligence analysis. Just this week, a top official from China’s ministry of industry and information technology met Qualcomm President Derek Aberle to encourage the company to work with Chinese counterparts on 5G standards and technologies. Fishing China’s counter-punches haven’t been restricted to responding just to commercial actions. Norwegian salmon exports to China plunged after the country’s parliament awarded the 2010 Nobel Peace Prize to imprisoned Chinese dissident Liu Xiaobo. In 2010, when a Chinese fishing boat and a Japanese Coast Guard vessel collided in contested waters, China stopped giving Japan export licenses for rare earth metals, needed for cars and electronics. Licensing resumed days later after Japan released the boat captain. — With assistance by Kevin Hamlin, and Miao Han Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Video Stories China Beijing Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Primary Menu About TCN Contact Secondary Menu Local News Health Science Business Entertainment Sports Technology Search You Are Here: Home → The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) from Aerospace/Defense Products & Services – Todays Top Gains The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) from Aerospace/Defense Products & Services – Todays Top Gains Terrie Colard November 17, 2016 0 Comment Aerospace/Defense Products & Services, BA, Industrial Goods, NYSE, The Boeing Company Outlined as the total market value of all unsettled shares of the company, the current market cap for the The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA) Aerospace/Defense Products & Services is valued at 92652.59. The dominant statistics will authorize the investment community to govern the size of The Boeing Company compared to the sales or total assets figures. Consequently, investors will be able to grasp the rudimentary determinant of asset distribution and all kinds of risk-return parameters for stocks together with the stock mutual funds. Nevertheless, it is a common misunderstanding that a greater share price directs towards a larger company where stock price might also twist the definite worth of the organization. The current assessment forThe Boeing Company (NYSE:BA)  Aerospace/Defense Products & Services on its PE ratio displays a value of 22.28 with a Forward PE of 15.61. The Boeing Company Aerospace/Defense Products & Services has a PEG of 2.3 alongside a PS value of 0.98 and a PB value of 44.38. The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA)  Aerospace/Defense Products & Services shows a Dividend Yield of 2.98% with a Payout Ratio of 66.10%. The Boeing Company Aerospace/Defense Products & Services holds an EPS of 6.57 that demonstrates an EPS growth this year at 0.80%. The growth for the next year comes down to 32.54%, and its growth for the last five years shows at 10.90%. Eventually, The Boeing Company Aerospace/Defense Products & Services exhibits an EPS value of 9.68% for the next five years. Sales growth in the quarter for The Boeing Company Aerospace/Defense Products & Services NYSE shows a value of -7.50% with Outstanding shares of 632.7. The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA)  Aerospace/Defense Products & Services has a Current Ratio of 1.3 with a Quick Ratio value of 0.4. The firm shows a 20-Day Simple Moving Average of 8.50% with a 200-Day Simple Moving Average of 13.86%. Its Day High was 13.86% and Day Low showed 16.83%. The 52-Week High shows -2.43% with a 52-Week Low of 46.92%. The Boeing Company (NYSE:BA)  Aerospace/Defense Products & Services has a current market price of 146.44 and the change is -1.13%. Its Target Price was fixed at 150.78 at an IPO Date of 1/2/1962. At present, the Gross Margin for The Boeing Company BA Aerospace/Defense Products & Services  is moving around at 13.60% alongside a Profit Margin of 4.50%. Performance week shows a value of 0.93%, and the Performance for the Month is valued at 9.23%. Volatility for the week appears to be 1.55% in conjunction with the Volatility for the month at 1.82%. Disclaimer:  Outlined statistics and information communicated in the above editorial are merely a work of the authors. They do not ponder or echo the certified policy or position of any business stakeholders, financial specialists, or economic analysts. Specimens laid down on the editorial above are only cases with information collected from various sources. The authority will not be liable for anyone who makes stock portfolio or financial decisions as per the editorial, which is based only on limited and open source. Share This Post You might also like: KLA-Tencor Corporation (NASDAQ:KLAC) from Semiconductor Equipment & Materials – Todays Top Gains China Petroleum & Chemical Corp. (NYSE:SNP) from Major Integrated Oil & Gas – Todays Top Gains Praxair Inc. (NYSE:PX) from Chemicals – Major Diversified – Todays Top Gains Citrix Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ:CTXS) from Business Software & Services – Todays Top Gains Post Comment Cancel reply Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Safe Loan! © Copyright 2016
SUBSCRIBE LOG IN LOG OUT REGISTER MY PROFILE Obituaries Events Jobs Real Estate Cars Classified PG Store November 20, 2016 1:00 PM 7-day Forecast Post-Gazette.com Archives Home News Local Sports Opinion A & E Life Business Video Photo Advertisement Business briefs: Forbes ranks Pa. No. 38 November 17, 2016 12:00 AM From staff and wire reports Forbes ranks Pa. No. 38 Pennsylvania ranked 38th on Forbes magazine’s annual list of the best states for business. The Keystone State received its highest mark for quality of life, ranking 16th among states, and its lowest mark for regulatory environment mark, placing 39th. The magazine also based its rankings on business costs, labor supply, economic climate and growth prospects. Utah topped the list for the third year in a row, followed by North Carolina. Ohio placed 11th while West Virginia was 50th after being ranked the lowest among all states for labor supply, regulatory environment and growth prospects. Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs and close two facilities by the end of 2020 in an effort to make its Defense, Space & Security business more efficient, the company said. About 1,600 positions in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations — El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. About 500 positions will move to St. Louis County in Missouri, and 400 will shift to Huntsville, Ala. Chicago-based Boeing will close a plant that employs 290 people in El Paso, Texas, and another that employs 70 people in Newington, Va. The company said the moves will reduce facility space by about 4.5 million square feet. The company will move an unspecified number of jobs from Kent, Wash., to Tukwila, Wash.. The two towns are just 16 miles apart. Kraft Heinz warns of tender offer The Kraft Heinz Co. is warning shareholders about an offer from Canada’s TRC Capital to buy up to 1.5 million of their shares at below market prices. TRC is offering $77.75 per share, about 4 percent lower than the food company’s closing share price on Nov. 11, the day before TRC’s offer commenced, said Kraft Heinz, dually headquartered in Pittsburgh and Chicago. TRC has made dozens of so-called mini-tender offers in the past for U.S. Steel, PPG Industries, Alcoa, and other companies. Securities regulators warn that some mini-tender offer sponsors hope to take advantage of investors who don’t notice the offer price is lower than the current market price of their shares. Microsoft joins Linux Foundation in another nod to open-source code Microsoft has joined the Linux Foundation, the latest sign that the software giant is embracing open-source technologies it formerly treated with hostility. The foundation helps advise the development of the Linux and other software tools built on open-source terms that allow the public to freely use and modify software. Microsoft said it had joined the foundation on its most expensive tier of corporate membership, alongside the likes of Intel and Hewlett Packard Enterprise. Linux, which former Microsoft chief executive Steve Ballmer once called a cancer, was for years one of Microsoft’s biggest rivals. Homebuilder confidence holds steady in November U.S. homebuilders’ confidence held steady in October, though their expectations for sales into next year dimmed slightly. The National Association of Home Builders/​Wells Fargo builder sentiment index released Wednesday was unchanged at 63. That’s two points below September’s reading, which was the highest in nearly a year, and up one point from a year ago. Readings above 50 indicate more builders view sales conditions as good rather than poor. The index has been above 60 the past three months after hovering in the high 50s much of this year. In all, sales of new homes were up 13 percent through the first nine months of this year compared with the same period in 2015. Sign up for free newsletters and get more of the Post-Gazette delivered to your inbox Most Read Most Emailed Advertisement Most Commented Join the conversation: Commenting policy | How to report abuse To report inappropriate comments, abuse and/or repeat offenders, please send an email to socialmedia@post-gazette.com and include a link to the article and a copy of the comment. Your report will be reviewed in a timely manner. Thank you. Commenting policy | How to report abuse Your e-mail: Your Name: Friends e-mail: Friends Name: Message: Captcha Submit Advertisement Create a free PG account. Register - FREE Already have an account? Login Subscribe to the PG Subscribe Customize your free Newsletter Preferences Email Preferences Advertisement Advertisement Pittsburgh Post-Gazette HOME NEWS LOCAL SPORTS OPINION A & E LIFE BUSINESS VIDEO PHOTO CLASSIFIEDS JOBS CIRCULARS CARS REAL ESTATE PG STORE WEDDINGS Email Newsletters Contact Us Site Map Media Kit About Us RSS Feeds Corrections Technical Help? Products & Services Terms of Use Privacy Policy PG Sites: Sports Blogs PowerSource Staff Blogs Community Voices Early Returns Sportstown Pittsburgh Mom The Digs Special Projects Plate Pets Social Media: Twitter:   News   Customer Care Facebook Pinterest Google+ Print: Back Copies Become a carrier FAQ Home Delivery Newsstand Rates   Electronic: PGe Copyright © 1997—2016 PG Publishing Co., Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Sunday 20 November 2016 Home Trade News Trade News Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Media & Promotion Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Lifestyle Analysis, Interviews, Opinions Miscellaneous Other Sectors Business Directory Contact Advertise Newsletter Premium Content Home   » Travel, Tourism & Hospitality   » SAUDI UNIT IN GLOBAL GROUP Boeing plans to align international units in a new global operations group. Boeing to consolidate defence and space sites WASHINGTON, 3 days ago Boeing is taking steps to operate its defence, space and security business more efficiently through facilities consolidations and work movements in a bid to be a stronger partner for its customers worldwide. The move will also increase employment in Los Angeles County, St. Louis, and Huntsville, a statement said. “In order to push ourselves farther and win more business, we need to make the most of our resources and talent,” said Leanne Caret, president and CEO, Defence, Space & Security. By the end of 2020 Boeing will reduce facilities space by approximately 4.5 million sq ft. Along with that, many positions in Huntington Beach will move to El Segundo, Long Beach, and Seal Beach in Southern California, with others moving to St. Louis and Huntsville, Ala. Similarly, many positions in Kent, Wash., will move to nearby Tukwila. Boeing also will close its El Paso, Texas, and Newington, Va., sites. With the moves, Los Angeles County gains about 1,600 positions, with St. Louis gaining 500 and Huntsville about 400. “Making better use of our facilities will enhance efficiency and promote greater collaboration,” Caret said. “This will help drive our global growth in Boeing’s second century.” To bolster that effort, Boeing Defence Australia, Boeing Defence Saudi Arabia, and Boeing Defence United Kingdom will be aligned and managed in a new global operations group led by David Pitchforth. He will also continue as managing director of Boeing Defence UK. While Pitchforth will report directly to Caret, those three organizations will continue operating independently. – TradeArabia News Service Tags: Saudi Arabia | Boeing | defence | Space | More Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Stories Enjoy two holidays in one with Qatar Airways Steigenberger marks one-year milestone with two top awards Ritz Carlton, Doha awarded prestigious ISO certification New F&B outlets are bucking the market trend, says expert Emirates, DCAA ink innovation MoU Emirates Palace gears up for 45th UAE National Day Symphony Style Hotel Kuwait welcomes new finance director City Centre Bahrain offers hotel guests new shuttle service Music legend Quincy Jones opens first outlet in Dubai Royal Jordanian adds 6th Dreamliner to its fleet Bahrain introduces two new visas Oman Air launches new flight training centre Bahrain mulls deployment of air marshals on flights Turkish Airlines to fly thrice to Cuba, Venezuela Dubai celebrates the opening of Bollywood Parks AirBaltic lowers checked-in baggage charges UAE National Day celebrations at Al Maryah Island Ramada Downtown Dubai launches new anniversary promotion Premier Inn ME deploys Ideas solutions for revenue growth SR Technics opens training centre in Abu Dhabi Dutch chef wins Etihad's 'Taste The World' title Dubai Miracle Garden all set to 'bloom' this winter ME airlines to spend $345bn to boost capacity Emirates offers LinkedIn Learning courses on ice Sharjah’s Al Bait Hotel $27m revamp on track WTM London 2016 most successful edition in event history Etihad, Hong Kong Airlines expand codeshare New executive chef for Alila Jabal Akhdar Rotana launches second hotel in Amman Etihad, Airbus to develop A380 MRO services Calendar of Events View all events Tools Exchange Rates Weather Forecast BBC World Service Ads Sectors | Information | About Us | Construction & Real Estate Energy, Oil & Gas Finance & Capital Market Industry & Logistics IT & Telecommunication Health & Environment Motoring Retail & Wholesale Travel, Tourism & Hospitality Government & Laws Media & Promotion Back to top Trade News Newsletter Events Business Directory TradeArabia Network Advertising Contact Feedback Privacy Statement Terms of Service Web Feeds
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Find & Save el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business November 15, 2016 11:52 AM On burning plane, ‘there was no one there to help,’ says a passenger suing airline In this photo provided by passenger Jose Castillo, fellow passengers walk away from a burning American Airlines jet that aborted takeoff and caught fire on the runway at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport on Friday. Pilots on Flight 383 bound for Miami reported an engine-related mechanical issue, according to an airline spokeswoman. Jose Castillo AP Firefighters extinguish flames from American Airlines Flight 383, flight bound for Miami, which caught fire on the runway at O'Hare International Airport, Friday as it was taking off. Antonio Perez Chicago Tribune via AP 1 of 2 i By Chabeli Herrera cherrera@miamiherald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story A business trip behind her, Sarah Ahmed Furno was zooming down the runway at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport late last month on an American Airlines flight back to Miami. Across the aisle, her co-worker made the sign of the cross with her fingers as the plane prepared for takeoff. “Oh s---,” Ahmed Furno said under her breath, overcome with a bad premonition. Seconds later, the right wall of the plane, directly across the aisle from her, burst into flames. “Out of maybe five of the windows you can see fire,” said Ahmed Furno, who lives in Hollywood. “The plane is full throttle for takeoff and everyone from the right side of the plane jumps on to us.” The pilots manage to stop the plane. Then the stampede follows. Gray smoke is followed by black smoke seeping into the cabin as panicked passengers try to keep away from the glowing orange wall of heat melting the windows along the right rear side of the Boeing 767. The collective thought: The plane could explode any minute. “People couldn’t breathe. The oxygen mask did not fall. There was no one on the loud speaker,” Ahmed Furno said. “In all that chaos, there was no one there to help.” In all that chaos, there was no one there to help. Sarah Ahmed Furno, passenger on American Airlines Flight 383 The crew’s inability to keep order is among the allegations that Ahmed Furno and 17 other passengers, including two more from South Florida, are claiming in a lawsuit filed on Tuesday against the airline, Boeing and GE. It alleges that American Airlines was negligent in supervising and directing the evacuation of the aircraft. The lawsuit, filed in Illinois circuit court, also alleges that the airline failed to maintain, service, inspect and repair the aircraft appropriately enough to avoid the incident. In a response emailed to the Miami Herald, the airline responded: “We’re proud of our pilots, flight attendants and other team members who responded quickly to take care of our customers under very challenging circumstances. American is actively participating in the National Transportation Safety Board’s investigation and will continue to work with the NTSB and the other parties to the investigation of this event.” The Oct. 28 flight from Chicago to Miami suffered an engine failure that led to the fire. Footage from the scene shows passengers quickly evacuating on slides on the front and rear left side of the plane and running into a grassy area while smoke and fire rise in the background. The plane’s right wing can be seen melting and drooping. About 20 of the 170 passengers and crew on Flight 383 suffered minor injuries, officials said. The suit also claims GE, the engine’s manufacturer, sold the defective engine to Boeing, which was negligent in “designing, manufacturing, assembling, and selling the accident aircraft so as not to cause injury to plaintiffs.” I don’t know what it’s triggered in me but I’m just not a good place emotionally. Sarah Ahmed Furno, passenger on American Airlines Flight 383 According to the lawsuit, the plaintiffs suffered “personal and bodily injuries, both physical and psychological in nature” and either have or will sustain “future medical bills, lost earnings, disability, disfigurement, and pain and suffering and emotional distress,” as a result of the accident. The episode left Ahmed Furno, who is an avid flier with six passports, feeling depressed. “It’s affecting everything. I don’t want to work, I’m not in a good place with my husband,” she said. “I don’t know what it’s triggered in me but I’m just not a good place emotionally.” She and the other plaintiffs are represented by Chicago-based Wisner Law Firm, which focuses solely on representing people injured or killed in aviation accidents. The firm recently resolved a similar case for an undisclosed amount involving more than 100 passengers and crew on a September 2015 British Airways flight. Like the Chicago to Miami flight, the British Airways flight involved a faulty GE engine on a Boeing plane that failed and caught fire at Las Vegas’ McCarran International Airport. “GE and Boeing and American, as well, need to take a harder look at this problem because I’m concerned it’s a recurring problem,” said Floyd Wisner, principal at the law firm. “It’s not just a rare occurrence.” GE and Boeing and American, as well, need to take a harder look at this problem because I’m concerned it’s a recurring problem. Floyd Wisner, principal at Wisner Law Firm The law firm expects to add other passengers as plaintiffs, as well as other parties, such as material suppliers or component manufactures, as defendants if certain parts of the engine are found as contributing to the fire. On Thursday, Ahmed Furno will face her first flight since the fire. The national account manager for uniform company Cintas has another business trip, to North Carolina and South Carolina. It’s also on American Airlines. But this time, she will be going alone. “I don’t want to die alone ... without my husband and my kids,” Ahmed Furno said. “I don’t know what I’m going to be like on Thursday morning when I have to get on for this flight.” Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:43 It's Election Day in Haiti Pause 1:36 Haitians pick a president 0:52 King Tide takes park visitors by surprise 0:52 UM coach Mark Richt speaks about WR Ahmmon Richards 1:18 How the octopus moves 4:02 Election Day by the numbers 0:43 Miami tight end/defensive end Stan Dobard 1:38 Proud Marine, age 98, hopes to be here for next election 1:43 Heat coach Erik Spoelstra discusses 114-111 win over Wizards 1:01 Anti-Donald Trump protesters chant "not my president" Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago Behind the scenes look at the world's largest cruise ship 2:15 5 days ago Behind the scenes look at the world's largest cruise ship 0:37 2 months ago A laser-powered robot caterpillar 1:27 2 months ago Elizabeth Warren to Wells Fargo CEO: 'You should resign' View more video Business They aren't afraid to call themselves jerks who sell jerky South Florida’s tech salaries going up but not enough Another sign of change in Cuba: Delta Air Lines selling tickets from Havana office Miami-Dade unemployment ticks up in October Mitt Romney’s firm considered buying the Miami Marlins Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
About Us How to Advertise Staff Archives Contact Us Webmail Menu Home News Business Opinions Women Technology Sports Education Lifestyle Society Entertainment Homes and Gardening Fashion Health OK [PHOTOS]: RwandAir acquires Africa's first Boeing 737-800 Next Gen By: Peterson Tumwebaze Published: November 17, 2016 Business News Print Email Facebook Tweet +1 0 comments Africa's first Wi-Fi-connected Boeing 737-800NG, the pride of national carrier RwandAir, is welcomed by the fireman salute at Kigali International Airport yesterday. (All photos by Nadege Imbabazi) More in Business Rulindo women, youth urged to join co-ops and savings groups RwandAir has acquired Africa’s first Boeing 737-800 Next Generation that the national flag carrier hopes will boost its capacity and competitiveness around the globe. The brand new aircraft, given the local monicker ‘Kalisimbi,’   touched down at Kigali International Airport at 4pm, yesterday. RwandAir becomes the first airline in Africa and second globally to acquire a Boeing 737-800NG equipped with in-flight connectivity on a line-fit programme, including WiFi. Traditional dancers welcome 'Kalisimbi'. The 154-seater aircraft is a dual- class cabin configuration and identical to the two Boeing 737-800NG with the first Boeing Sky Interior in Africa purchased six years ago. The brand new aircraft is expected to facilitate the airline’s expansion drive. Toward expansion The 737 delivers the superior reliability, fuel efficiency and high-value returns operators require in competitive market. The aircraft’s exceptional versatility and lower maintenance and operating costs provide a competitive edge regardless of business model or market, officials said. John Mirenge, Rwandair’s CEO gives his remarks during the ceremony to welcome 'Kalisimbi'. The plane is expected to enhance RwandAir’s capacity to compete profitably in what has become rather a competitive business, John Mirenge, the Airline’s chief executive, said. These and its design of newest passenger cabin to ensure a flying experience that exceeds expectations, Mirenge added. This particular acquisition, according to Dr Alexis Nzahabwanimana, the state minister for transport, will help RwandAir expand its flight coverage to both Europe, Asia and the US more efficiently. Guests  raise a toast to the new Boeing 737- 800NG He said the Government identified aviation as a key pillar of Rwanda’s economic development. “With the latest acquisition, the airline’s role in boosting trade and tourism will be enhanced,” said Dr Nzahabwanimana. He added that the value of RwandAir should not be perceived in terms of ticket sales but rather as an economic enabler of Rwanda’s economic development. Dr Alexis Nzahabwanimana, the State Minister for Transport (L) John Mirenge, Brig. Gen. Charles Karamba (Airfoce Chief of Staff) with another official wait for the Boeing 737-800NG to land. In December last year, RwandAir signed a lease agreement with Aircraft Lease Corporation, an American based lessor to acquire two brand new Boeing 737-800 Next Generation. The next 737 (Muhabura) is expected to be delivered in May next year. “The proven operating economics and passenger comfort make the aircraft, the right equipment to deploy on our medium haul flights and as we continue to expand our network, we are delighted to offer a Wi-Fi fully connected aircraft to serve today’s sophisticated traveler,” Mirenge told The New Times yesterday. Boeing 737-800NG perfoms a low pass at the airport.  RwandAir’s fleet now  grows to 12 aircraft and its capacity in terms of seats will double with the acquisition of the fourth B737-800NG and its second A330 (300 series). Last week, the airline obtained its ISAGO (IATA safety audit for ground operations) certification in addition to the IOSA (IATA Operational Safety Audit) certificate. In September, the national carrier acquired East Africa’s first brand new Airbus 330-200, -nicknamed ‘Ubumwe’ (unity). Dr Alexis Nzahabwanimana, the State Minister for Transport speaks during the ceremony. The expansion of the fleet comes at a time when the airline is preparing to start flights to Gatwick, London’s second-busiest airport next year and is also eyeing the American market in the course of 2017. In recent months, the airline has launched flights to Cotonou in Benin and Abidjan in Ivory Coast to bring the total number of destinations to 19. Traditional dancers welcome 'Kalisimbi'. The airline is also set to open routes to Harare in Zimbabwe and Mumbai, India in coming days. Others include including Nairobi, Entebbe, Mombasa, Bujumbura, Lusaka, Juba, Douala, Dar es Salaam, Kilimanjaro, Cotonou, Johannesburg, Dubai, Lagos, Libreville and Brazzaville. Dr Alexis Nzahabwanimana, John Mirenge and other officials, inspect the new plane.  Based on projections, the airline’s capacity could grow from the current 500,000 passengers annually to more than 3,000,000 in the next five years. John Mirenge shares light moment with one of the guests. RwandAir is IOSA certified. The globally-recognised and accepted evaluation certification confirms that the airline’s operational management and control systems meet international civil aviation safety and other standards. editorial@newtimes.co.rw Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Most Popular [PHOTOS]: RwandAir acquires Africa's first Boeing 737-800 Next Gen CEO Betty Sayinzoga on leadership through the eyes of a woman Why peacekeepers back Kigali Principles Canada deports Genocide suspect Seyoboka How young females can cope with workplace hurdles SORAS puts over 70 luxury city apartments on sale Akagera park lions double in number after one year [VIDEO & PHOTOS]: Rugg wins stage three as Ndayisenga maintains lead Letters Wireless radiation is a major health threat Lana Banks Empower the youth to empower a generation Clarence Fernandes Procurement laws must make allowance for local companies Kigali Girl RwandAir has done us proud » More Letters © Copyright The New Times Rwanda 2007 - 2016 Privacy Policy Disclaimer Powered by Imaginet
Contact Newsagent Login Scoop Search MARKETS Sharemarket Finance Company Results Real Estate SOEs ECONOMY Economy Reserve Bank Confidence Commerce Industrial Relations Employers Employment Statistics Taxation Trade Agreements Treasury INDUSTRY Agriculture Horticulture Fisheries Forestry Manufacturing Telecommunications Computing & Internet Media Retail Liquor Transport Tourism ENERGY Oil Coal Alternative Energy Electricity Gas Energy Policy Scoop Homepage | BizSciTech Homepage | Business Headlines | Business Most Read | Sci-Tech Headlines | Sci-Tech Most Read Powered by scoop.co.nz Tweet Qantas may target ‘premium economy’ segment in Dreamliners 10:01 November 17, 2016Article 0 comments Article – BusinessDesk Nov. 16 (BusinessDesk) – Qantas Airways’ International boss Gareth Evans says the new Dreamliner Boeing 787-9 aircraft due in October next year will include brand new premium economy, pitching seats at the growing market between economy and …Wednesday 16 November 2016 04:16 PM Qantas may target ‘premium economy’ segment in Dreamliners due next year By Fiona Rotherham Nov. 16 (BusinessDesk) – Qantas Airways’ International boss Gareth Evans says the new Dreamliner Boeing 787-9 aircraft due in October next year will include “brand new premium economy”, pitching seats at the growing market between economy and business class. Speaking at a Trans-Tasman Business Circle lunch in Auckland today, Evans said the new premium economy seat hadn’t been announced yet but would be world leading. “It’s been built in conjunction with the University of Sydney – ergonomics, wellness, sleep research, very much focused on rest,” he said. The Australian airline, which celebrated its 96th birthday today, deferred its initial order in December 2005 for 45 Dreamliners while it struggled with poor performance from its international division. Last year it announced an order for eight of the aircraft to replace its ageing Boeing 747-400 fleet and Evans said the new aircraft opens opportunities for ultra long-haul flights such as Perth to London (7,839 nautical miles), Melbourne to Dallas (7,814 nm), and Sydney to Chicago (8,022nm). Currently, 30 percent of Qantas’s seats are business and premium economy, a segment where it competes with Air New Zealand and Singapore Airlines for fares with add-ons such as extra seat width, more recline or a bigger TV screen. Evans runs the international division which includes trans-Tasman flights and Jetstar’s operations within New Zealand. He was previously group chief financial officer, a role he described as “character building” until around 18 months ago when its transformation restructuring programme started to deliver faster-than-expected returns. It posted an A$1.5 billion profit before tax in August, the best in its history,and resumed paying dividends after a seven-year hiatus. Airlines executives are cagey about releasing figures for the highly competitive trans-Tasman route and typically revenue isn’t broken out in their accounts. Evans said Qantas had helped bring “competitive tension” within New Zealand and also on the trans-Tasman route where it had grown services and capacity by 10 percent over the past year. The tourism boom has sparked overall demand up 7 percent on the Tasman over the past 12 to 18 months “which in a big market is incredible”, he said. Qantas now flies 11 routes between the two countries and is about to start direct flights from Christchurch to Melbourne early next month. Qantas also partners with American Airlines which this year started direct flights on the lucrative Auckland-Los Angeles route in direct competition to Air New Zealand and that was “performing extremely strongly”, he said. About 30 percent of tourists from the US want to visit New Zealand as well as Australia. “We have seen great patronage from the New Zealand public of that service, great awareness, and also a huge leverage of the American distribution system up there to increase awareness and penetration of travellers coming out of the US to New Zealand.” Evans said there’s huge opportunity for both Australia and New Zealand from rising tourist numbers in Asia. In China alone there were 435 million flights in, out, and within the country this year and within ten years that’s going to be 1.3 billion trips. Today in Asia Pacific there are 1.3 billion passengers and by 2035 that will be 3.1 billion, he said. “We in Australia and New Zealand are brilliantly placed to take advantage of this huge world growth in travel and tourism because it is going to happen on our doorstep, in our region. Asia Pacific will be almost half of the global market and bigger than North America and Europe combined.” The aim was to double the current 1 percent of Chinese outbound tourists (1 million) that currently visit Australia annually by being smart about marketing, having the right links through its partnership with China Eastern, and through the government making it easier for them to visit through better visa processing, he said. When asked what disruptive technology Qantas saw coming to aviation, Evans said management spend a lot of time thinking about that and recently met Uber management “which scared the pants off us and inspired us”, he said. He doesn’t think the aviation industry is likely to get “fully Uberised” because of the amount of regulation and safety considerations but there was potential in the distribution space for airlines to be disintermediated. “You could have Apple or Google or Uber flights where those companies bring technology to leverage their data and brands and rob the airlines of their brands – that’s a potential threat to the industry”, he said. (BusinessDesk) ends Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz Original url Trackback-URL  Print This Post comments feed for this post Tweet   No comments yet. Write a comment: You must be logged in to post a comment.   Blogroll China Economic Scan Compare house prices Deposit Rates Direct Broking – NZX & ASX Trading & Prices Findata – Market Data Good Returns Herald Business Interest.co.nz – Interest Rates News & Views National Business Review Property Talk Sharechat Stuff Business Value Cruncher – NZX Latest Business news Innovative road user campaign reaps award New Zealand’s oldest ice cream celebrates its 90th Birthday Earthquake insurance advisory: Temporary Accommodation Quake No Excuse to Do Nothing for Rest of NZ Speech: Peters – Earthquakes – not an excuse SMC ALERT: Kaikoura earthquake (GeoNet Q&A) Make sure your building has been inspected by an engineer Tower Insurance mobilises response team Sea side exclusion zone applied to Wellington’s wharves Bluebridge Cook Strait Ferries Fully Operational Again Public asked to hold fire on paua rescue TPP countries gang up on US, talk ‘TPP-minus-1′ Malaysia-NZ FTA review welcomed Sentence sends message to keep housing market honest South Island highways update – 7:00pm Friday 18 November Text Links Recent Comments Lan: Unbelievable that a WEST AUSTR... jackp: Murray, when Key is involved t... Murray Guy: There are no boundaries when i... Lan: Canada & EU do it..Bryce ... Lan: I read somewhere that they do ... Simon Johnson: The former Department of Labou... Andrew P Nichols: Long overdue. Nowhere else in ... Rafi: I look forward to Mr Lees-Gall... Kevin McMahon: Yes, good on Lord Monckton. ... Bee: How do you think Kim Jon Key m... Categories Article Column Opinion PressRelease Uncategorized Monthly Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 March 2009 February 2009 January 2009 December 2008 November 2008 October 2008 September 2008 August 2008 November 1999 Feeds RSS Posts RSS Comments Scoop Business © 2016 | Powered by Scoop Media | Terms of Use
Skip to main content The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business Search form Search Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Business Banking & Finance Property Ad/Media Politics Tech Law & Courts Motoring Arts & Film Rich List Markets Appointments Poll Results AMA Print Edition Radio Masters of Business . Qantas may target premium economy in Dreamliners Fiona Rotherham Thursday November 17, 2016 Share Qantas Airways International boss Gareth Evans Play NBR radio on Qantas Airways' International boss Gareth Evans says the new Dreamliner Boeing 787-9 aircraft due in October next year will include "brand new premium economy", pitching seats at the growing market between economy and business class. Speaking at the Trans-Tasman Business Circle, Mr Evans says the new premium economy seat hadn't been announced yet but would be world leading. "It's been built in conjunction with the University of Sydney - ergonomics, wellness, sleep research, very much focused on rest."  The Australian airline deferred its initial order in December 2005 for 45 Dreamliners while it struggled with poor performance from its international division. Last year it announced an order for eight of the aircraft to replace its ageing Boeing 747-400 fleet and Mr Evans says the new aircraft opens opportunities for ultra long-haul flights such as Perth to London (7839 nautical miles), Melbourne to Dallas (7814 nm), and Sydney to Chicago (8022nm). About 30% of Qantas' seats are business and premium economy, a segment where it competes with Air New Zealand and Singapore Airlines for fares with add-ons such as extra seat width, more recline or a bigger TV screen. Airlines executives are cagey about releasing figures for the highly competitive trans-Tasman route and typically revenue isn't broken out in their accounts. Mr Evans says Qantas has helped bring "competitive tension" within New Zealand and also on the transtasman route where it has increased services and capacity by 10% over the past year. The tourism boom has sparked overall demand up 7% on the Tasman over the past 12 to 18 months "which in a big market is incredible", he says.  Qantas also partners with American Airlines which this year started direct flights on the lucrative Auckland-Los Angeles route in direct competition to Air New Zealand and that was "performing extremely strongly", he says. About 30 percent of tourists from the US want to visit New Zealand as well as Australia.  Mr Evans said there's a huge opportunity for both Australia and New Zealand from rising tourist numbers in Asia. In China alone, there were 435 million flights in, out, and within the country this year and within a decade that's going to be 1.3 billion trips. Today in Asia Pacific there are 1.3 billion passengers and by 2035 that will be 3.1 billion, he says. "We in Australia and New Zealand are brilliantly placed to take advantage of this huge world growth in travel and tourism because it is going to happen on our doorstep, in our region. Asia Pacific will be almost half of the global market and bigger than North America and Europe combined." When asked what disruptive technology Qantas saw coming to aviation, Mr Evans says management spends a lot of time thinking about that and recently met Uber management "which scared the pants off us and inspired us".  He doesn't think the aviation industry is likely to get "fully Uberised" because of the amount of regulation and safety considerations but there was potential in the distribution space for airlines to be disintermediated. "You could have Apple or Google or Uber flights where those companies bring technology to leverage their data and brands and rob the airlines of their brands - that's a potential threat to the industry", he says. (BusinessDesk) Got a question about this story? Leave it in Comments & Questions below. This article is tagged with the following keywords. Find out more about MyNBR Tags Qantas Related Articles:  Qantas looks to international expansion after best-ever result Wed 24 Aug 16 2 Carry on: AirAsia X confirms Europe, Qantas goes nonstop to London and more Fri 12 Aug 16 2 Carry on: More Air NZ Dreamliners, Qantas' new Auckland lounge, world's safest airline Fri 9 Jan 15 Comments & Questions Commenter icon key: Subscriber Verified Post New comment or question Your name Comment * More information about text formats Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. Home page NZ Market Snapshot Forex Sym Price Change USD 0.7005 0.0000 0.00% AUD 0.9547 0.0000 0.00% EUR 0.6618 0.0000 0.00% GBP 0.5674 0.0000 0.00% HKD 5.4351 0.0000 0.00% JPY 77.6680 0.0000 0.00% Commods Commodity Price Change Time Gold Index 1208.7 -8.140 2016-11-18T00: Oil Brent 46.9 0.440 2016-11-18T00: Oil Nymex 45.7 0.310 2016-11-18T00: Silver Index 16.6 -0.150 2016-11-18T00: Indices Symbol Open High Last % NZX 50 6814.7 6867.1 6814.7 0.63% NASDAQ 5341.0 5346.8 5334.0 -0.23% DAX 10735.0 10738.0 10685.5 -0.20% DJI 18905.3 18915.7 18903.8 -0.19% FTSE 6794.7 6811.6 6794.7 -0.28% HKSE 22239.2 22374.4 22262.9 0.37% NI225 18024.2 18043.7 17862.6 0.59% ASX 5338.5 5366.4 5338.5 0.39% Most Popular Read TPP countries gang up on US, talk 'TPP-minus-1' Shoeshine: Will F&P Healthcare hit Trump's wall? Quake latest: Second army convoy arrives in Kaikoura; first whale sighted since Monday quake Bell Gully takes most wins in legal awards Electric vehicles and Air New Zealand major winners at sustainability awards Commented Quake latest: Second army convoy arrives in Kaikoura; first whale sighted since Monday quake Electric vehicles and Air New Zealand major winners at sustainability awards John Key New Zealand’s only bulwark against ‘Trump effect’ TPP countries gang up on US, talk 'TPP-minus-1' BNZ says Wellington office will be closed for months Most listened to What's the story behind the story? Our special feature audio offers a mix of comment from journalists, experts and panel discussions. Sunday Business with Andrew Patterson featuring Robert Walters Business Week in Review with Andrew Patterson and Grant Walker Tim Hunter on ComCom's controversial NZME/Fairfax draft ruling Rodney Hide calls out media bias surrounding Trump's election Matthew Hooton on New Zealand's own Donald Trump Only available on Previous article Ryman's results thought to be below usual growth rate Next article Fonterra's bid to keep inferior terms for ex-NZDL suppliers tossed out by Appeal Court Features NBR Rich List Full results and analysis of the 2016 NBR Rich List People Scene Catching people out and about Appointments People in business NBR Special Report Our reporters examine what’s happening in industry sectors The Meeting Place of Intelligent Business Home Meet Our Journos Advertise Help Contact Special Reports Subscribe Search Log in Log in Share Copyright Notice Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions RSS feeds Share width="1" height="1" alt="" /> Qantas may target premium economy in Dreamliners
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Operations & Technology > MRO > MRO Briefs-Nov. 16, 2016 MRO Briefs-Nov. 16, 2016 Nov 16, 2016 Linda Blachly EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media ATW News Gallery: This Week in Aviation-Nov. 14-18 Advertisement Avcorp Industries has a long-term Fuji Heavy Industries contract to manufacture complex composite structural components for Boeing 787 center wing box out of Gardena, California. Lufthansa Technik received final approval from the German Federal Aviation Office for complete support of the Airbus A350-900. Magnetic MRO signed a long-term agreement with Air Astana supporting its escape slide repair/overhaul. Lufthansa Technik secured base maintenance approval for Airbus A350-900 aircraft from Leeds Bradford Airport (LBA) in the UK. Vector Aerospace completed its first PW305A engine test at its UK facility. Rolls-Royce received an Icelandair contract to provide SelectCare services for its RB211s. Teledyne Controls and GE Aviation signed a strategic Digital Alliance partnership to transform engine health monitoring by using GE’s Predix platform to apply data and analytics on continuous flight data wirelessly collected by Teledyne’s technology.  Safran Nacelles has delivered the first jet engine exhaust system for the Boeing 777X. A second development unit is in production for delivery to Boeing before year-end, involving the center body, the nozzle and the center vent tube—representing the complete exhaust system. GE Aviation has launched the Configuration Data Exchange for the aviation industry, establishing an exchange of data to drive asset productivity and maintenance optimization across the aviation ecosystem. COMAC and GE Aviation signed an MOU on digital collaboration. This agreement brings the cooperation between COMAC and GE to a new level from the aircraft engines and systems to now broadening their relationship to use data and analytics to bring greater operational efficiency to their operations. Teledyne Controls and GE Aviation signed a strategic Digital Alliance partnership to transform engine health monitoring by using GE’s Predix platform to apply data and analytics on continuous flight data wirelessly collected by Teledyne’s technology. Turkish Technic has a contract with Ukraine International Airlines to provide base maintenance for three Boeing 767s. AAR offers full visibility of its OEM factory-new parts inventory for commercial aircraft via its newly improved online parts store on its website.   Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles MRO Briefs-Nov. 10, 2016 MRO Digest News Briefs Nov. 11, 2015   MRO Digest News Briefs Nov. 2, 2015   MRO Digest News Briefs Nov. 25, 2015   Aircraft Briefs-Nov. 18, 2016 Blogs & Commentary Nov 20, 2016 blog Asia-Pacific airline CEOs have talent Former IATA director general Tony Tyler liked to say that airline CEOs give their commitment to the global association, but their hearts to their regional associations. Nowhere is that more apparent than at the annual meeting of the Association of Asia Pacific Airlines (AAPA), which was held in Manila last week and displayed the region’s airline executive talent in more ways than one....More Nov 18, 2016 blog Astonishing market cap figures show airline industry’s dramatic change In 2011, the highest equity value of any airline in the world was the forming LATAM at $12 billion. Now it is Delta at $35 billion....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Nov 20, 2016 Article Asia-Pacific carriers seek more consistent government oversight Government barriers that threaten airline profitability and growth potential is a key concern among Asia-Pacific airline executives, particularly duplicative and unfair regulatory oversight trends....More Nov 19, 2016 Article ATW Plus Despite SIA pressure, Airbus could delay A350 stretch decision   Singapore Airlines is pushing for a stretched version of the Airbus A350 to be launched, but the manufacturer is not yet convinced the time is right....More Nov 18, 2016 Article Malaysia Airlines to reconfigure A380s for Hajj flights Malaysia Airlines has confirmed plans to reconfigure and reassign its six Airbus A380s to a new carrier unit dedicated to transporting Hajj pilgrimage passengers....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out21:02 GMT +320 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Flying Fortress: US Urgently Seeking New Air Force Ones © Flickr/ gregde US 22:44 16.11.2016(updated 02:19 17.11.2016) Get short URL 2365951131 The White House is urgently looking to replace the presidential aircraft, as the in-use pair of Air Force One Boeing 747-200s are nearly three decades old. © Sputnik/ Vladimir Pirogov Help Wanted: US Air Force Says Not Enough People to Do the JobThe Boeing jets have a life expectancy of 30 years, and will hit that milestone in 2017. "The real challenge and the challenge that is forcing us to buy newer aircraft for the president is to overcome the fact that there are heroics going on every day to keep the current aircraft flying and it's becoming way too expensive and way too difficult to do that," Kevin W. Buckley, program executive officer of mobility programs, headquartered at the Air Force Life Cycle Management Center at Wright-Patterson, told the Dayton Daily News. Buckley is planning to replace the airplanes by 2024 with two or three Boeing 747-8s — which are larger but more fuel-efficient than the White House’s current jets. “Even with the current replacement program, the existing aircraft will get to be around 35 years old, which is up there in jetliner years,” Richard Aboulafia, a senior aviation analysis at the Teal Group in Virginia, told the Dayton paper. According to Buckley, the Air Force will often fly their planes far past the 30-year mark, but they are not willing to take chances with the fleet that transports the president. © AP Photo/ Robert F. Bukaty New US Warships Have Big Guns But No Bullets “We grit our teeth and bear it in the US Air Force,” he said. “We can’t do that with the presidential air (fleet). They need 100 percent reliability.” Each 747-8 costs roughly $370 million, before the presidential modifications, which include an airborne command post, complete with communications gear and defensive equipment such as anti-aircraft missiles. The US Air Force has budgeted $1.65 billion from 2015 to 2019 for the new Air Force One planes. “It’s really not just about getting the president from point A to point B,” Buckley said. “It’s adding communication equipment. It’s adding defensive gear. It’s adding everything that the president needs in order to execute his mission in that airplane. He has to be able to do everything in all his roles: commander in chief, chief executive, head of state, president of the United States.” The planes are modified to be able to function even in a nuclear war, Buckley explained. Once the current Air Force One planes are retired, they will likely be sent to the National Museum of the US Air Force at Wright-Patterson, although the move has not been confirmed. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 1131 Related: US Military Facility That Houses Air Force One On Lockdown Amid Bomb Threat Boeing Wins Contract to Start Planning for Air Force One Replacement Six Targets One Blow: Cutting-Edge Interceptor Joins Russian Air Force US Air Force Consolidates Bomber Fleets Under One Command Pakistani air force plane crashes during training, one dead Tags: President, Aircraft, Air Force One, Wright-Patterson, Air Force Life Cycle Management Center, Boeing, Air Force, Kevin W. Buckley TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply drblack 22:52 16.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Hire me, i can fly many planes including choppers. www.youtube.com/watch?v=dFFlqwNp6AM Reply Guru 23:05 16.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Insane waste of taxpayers money. There is public transport. If they worked for the people they would be very safe in public transport. Reply drblackin reply toGuru(Show commentHide comment) 23:08 16.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Guru, True but planes are cool or not? Also, let's stop the taxpayers money to Israel. Reply Guruin reply todrblack(Show commentHide comment) 23:10 16.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete drblack, Yeah, cool. Millions of starved people around the world are not cool. There is no hunger in the world because we can't feed the poor. Reply drblackin reply toGuru(Show commentHide comment) 23:13 16.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Guru, so you donate money to Israel? Reply drblackin reply toGuru(Show commentHide comment) 23:22 16.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Guru, Oded Yinon? www.globalresearch.ca/greater-israel-the-zionist-plan-for-the-middle-east/5324815 Reply michael 23:22 16.11.2016 | 1 | Edit | Delete it's not like they are commercial aircraft hauling passengers or freight year in year out. Reply drblackin reply tomichael(Show commentHide comment) 23:27 16.11.2016 | 1 | Edit | Delete michael, FlowerPowerPlane (FPP) :) www.youtube.com/watch?v=bch1_Ep5M1s ;) Reply anne00marie 23:29 16.11.2016 | 3 | Edit | Delete They have seen Trump's jet and got a shock. How many President Elects have gone for a downgrade, when moving into the White House? Reply drblackin reply toanne00marie(Show commentHide comment) 23:30 16.11.2016 | 1 | Edit | Delete anne00marie, HEHEHEHEHEH !!!! Reply drblack 23:33 16.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete ok, check this out. "Trump's plane has now transformed into TrEarth's Spaceship :) Reply questfortruth 23:57 16.11.2016 | 1 | Edit | Delete Seems to me they can save their money for a while. The NEW President has his OWN PLANE! He'll also use the White House as an office since it'd be a step down for him to move in there. Reply drblackin reply toquestfortruth(Show commentHide comment) 00:20 17.11.2016 | 1 | Edit | Delete questfortruth, Maby this sounds strange to you, but i think Trump is a 4 year Timeout for the so called Elites. They need to rearange and start up again. Reply michaelin reply todrblack(Show commentHide comment) 00:32 17.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete drblack, there would be no difference in the fuel* used and the fools which use it. :) Reply drblackin reply tomichael(Show commentHide comment) 00:40 17.11.2016 | 1 | Edit | Delete michael, indeed, it's the fuel of the mindset and the mirror. Reply jasin reply toanne00marie(Show commentHide comment) 02:16 17.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete anne00marie, Yep. Funny when the haters accuse him of trying to make money on this. All of this is slumming for him. And he does it because he loves us. lol Reply Gentle Joe 17:14 18.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete Donald Trump wouldn't even take the presidential salary!!!Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories New EU 'Totalitarian Ideology' Plans to Put Russian Media, Daesh on Same Page The EU Parliament is set to vote on a report on countering third-party information warfare that puts Russian media and Daesh propaganda on the same level. 2333 Putin Speaks With Obama on Sidelines of APEC Summit - Kremlin Russian President Vladimit Putin spoke with his US counterpart Barack Obama on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Peru, Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Sunday, confirming earlier media reports. 2997 Trump Confirms Considering Appointment of General Mattis as Pentagon Chief US President-elect Donald Trump confirmed on Sunday that he has been considering retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis for the post of the head of Pentagon. 4962 Persian Style Guide: First Fashion Encyclopedia Published in Iran The first national encyclopedia of Iranian fashion and attire has been published in Iran. It introduces its readers to the fashion industry of the Islamic Republic. The book will be presented at the international exhibition of clothes “Daheye Fajr” in late January 2017. 0 15 Beauty AND Brains: Choose the Most Attractive Russian Female Lawmaker The serious and responsible work in the Russian State Duma does not keep some female MPs from staying in great shape and at times even becoming trendsetters. Sputnik presents below a list of Russia’s most attractive MPs. Vote for your favorite by clicking on the arrow next to the photo. 173483 Damascus Will Back Syrian Peace Talks on Condition of No External Interference Damascus is ready to support the Syrian peace talks on condition that the foreign states will refrain from meddling in the negotiations, Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem said Sunday after negotiations with UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura. 0 298 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 20:59Persian Style Guide: First Fashion Encyclopedia Published in Iran 20:50IMF Head Skeptical About WTO - Russian Deputy Minister 20:46IMF Head Says Russia Tackling Decline in Oil Prices With Dignity - Official 20:41Putin, Abe Discuss Economic Projects in Third Countries - Moscow 20:38New EU 'Totalitarian Ideology' Plans to Put Russian Media, Daesh on Same PageAll news Poll Finds Disunity in EU Ranks, 'Things Are Going in the Wrong Direction' 72206 Putin’s Presidential Plane Chased by Swiss Fighter Jets (VIDEO) 21469 India, US Turn Corner, Resolve to Close Old Tax Disputes Worth USD 751 Million 10090 The Final Countdown: Syrian Army Prepares to Storm Aleppo's East 9696 'Putin Was Right': This is Who Will Rebuild Syria After the War 8993All news Putin’s Presidential Plane Chased by Swiss Fighter Jets (VIDEO) 94 Poll Finds Disunity in EU Ranks, 'Things Are Going in the Wrong Direction' 79 Moscow to Respond to Bern's Explanations Over Jets Tracking Russian Gov't Plane 57 George Soros Seeking Ways to Resist Trump's New Global Order 53 Majority of Germans Want Merkel to Stay for Another Term as Chancellor 52All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics From Katyusha to Iskander-M: Top-10 Arms of Russian Missile Forces and Artillery Friends With Benefits US 'War on Terror' in Numbers News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Elections 2016 Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 7091 509 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest United: Boeing 747s to be retired by October 2018 United isn't the only airline with plans to phase out the iconic jumbo jet. Post to Facebook United: Boeing 747s to be retired by October 2018 United isn't the only airline with plans to phase out the iconic jumbo jet.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2fxpN26 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 4 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs United: Boeing 747s to be retired by October 2018 Today in the Sky Ben Mutzabaugh , USA TODAY 10:22 a.m. EST November 17, 2016 4.3k Shares A United Airlines Boeing 747 takes off for Hong Kong from San Francisco International Airport on Oct. 23, 2016.  (Photo: Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY) Attention Boeing 747 lovers: The clock is ticking to catch a flight on one of the two U.S. airlines that fly the aircraft. United said on Tuesday that it expects to retire all 20 of the 747s in its fleet by October 2018. The airline has long said it plans to phase out the aircraft, but reiterated its plan Tuesday during its "Investors Day" call with shareholders. BOOKMARK: Bookmark Today in the Sky homepage for your daily fix of aviation news USA TODAY Is Boeing about to pull the plug on the 747? Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share The Boeing 747 is set to be phased out. Here's a look back at its importance to American history. USA TODAY United is shifting its 747 flying to newer widebody jets, including the Boeing 787 Dreamliner and Boeing 777 models that the carrier has ordered. The 747s in United's fleet – all 747-400 variants of the jet – seat 374 passengers. United's current Boeing 777-200s seat anywhere from 266 to 364 passengers, based on the various configurations it has for the aircraft. United's 787-8 and 787-9 Dreamliner models seat 219 and 252 passengers, respectively. USA TODAY United confirms 10-abreast seating on some of its 777s USA TODAY United adds 'Basic Economy' fares with carry-on bag restrictions Delta Air Lines is the only other U.S. carrier that currently uses 747s for passenger service. Like United, Delta also has begun to phase out its models of the jet. The carrier is on record as saying it expects to retire its last 747 by the end of next year. Delta spokesman Morgan Durrant tells Today in the Sky that the airline expects to have five 747-400s remaining in service by the end of 2016. Delta will use several models to replace its 747s. They include new Airbus A330s that already are being delivered to the carrier as well as new Airbus A350s that Delta expects to begin receiving next year. Delta’s 747s accommodate 376 passengers. TWITTER: You can follow Today in the Sky editor Ben Mutzabaugh at twitter.com/TodayInTheSky USA TODAY Boeing's centennial: A look into the photo archives IN PICTURES: Your Take: Boeing 747 photos from readers FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Your Take: Boeing 747 photos from readers  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. We asked readers to share their photos of the legendary Boeing 747. Here are some of our favorites. Pictured: United Airlines 747-400 over San Francisco Bay during Fleet Week Air Show 2012.  Cory Christian, Your Take Fullscreen A 747 flying from the United States to Japan.  Scotty A, Your Take Fullscreen Early morning arrival from IAD to FRA on 01DEC2013 on the LH 747-8i.  Bryan Paulsen, Your Take Fullscreen A KLM 747 on final approach to Princess Juliana International Airport in St. Maarten.  Scott Sherrin, Your Take Fullscreen Flying over Greenland on Lufthansa's 747.  Bernardo Huerta, Your Take Fullscreen Still the Queen of the Skies.  Darren Anderson, Your Take Fullscreen E-4B Nightwatch - a specially modified Boeing 747-200B built to serve as a survivable airborne mobile command post. Caught this doing pattern work at Rick Husband International Airport in Amarillo, Texas, on March 12, 2013.  Anthony Boyer, Your Take Fullscreen Sunset at Narita.  Scott Grubb, Your Take Fullscreen This was the first day Continental Airlines flew the 747 from Houston to HNL in 1990.  Wayne Young, Your Take Fullscreen Retired Qantas 747 in Longreach Australia - taken by @rcorrao with a Nikon D70 May 9, 2005.  Robert Corrao, Your Take Fullscreen A British Airways 747-400 on short final to Runway 26R at Vancouver International Airport (YVR).  Howard Slutsken, Your Take Fullscreen UPS 747 arriving from Louisville, Ky.  Tim Perkins, Your Take Fullscreen The Pride of the UPS Freighter Fleet, this UPS 747-400 opens it's nose door to accept oversize cargo at Bangkok International Airport.  Corey West, Your Take Fullscreen The B-747 carried more than just people. The general rule was if it fit through the huge cargo door, it would be flown to anywhere in the world. I flew for Tigers for 12 years, and the 747 was and still is a great aircraft.  Larry Bollrud, Your Take Fullscreen 747 Cargo, IND.  John Dominguez, Your Take Fullscreen We are currently on a short holiday in Germany and wanted to share these photos of the 747 we saw at the museum in Speyer, Germany.  David Forbes, Your Take Fullscreen This is Endeavour's last flight out of Kennedy Space Center. It was mated to the 747 SCA to be carried to Los Angeles, its final destination at the museum.  Miguel Bennasar, Your Take Fullscreen This NASA 747, registered N911NA, first used in 1991 to ferry the Endeavor from California to Florida. Seen here carrying the Discovery during a stopover in Amarillo, Texas, on 20 Sep 2009, following mission STS-128.  Anthony Boyer, Your Take Fullscreen En route to Amsterdam-Schiphol from Johannesburg, South Africa, we had a beautiful view of the Italian Alps aboard a KLM 747, June 2008.  Blake Welch, Your Take Fullscreen iPhone shot taken in HKG of Cathay Pacific 747 bound for Bali.  Bradley Bunn, Your Take Fullscreen 747 in Sydney.  Daniel Friedman, Your Take Fullscreen BA 747: I'm always amazed at how big they really are.  Jim Jones, Your Take Fullscreen 747 First Class Cabin.  Bernardo Huerta, Your Take Fullscreen Lufthansa 747-400 parked at Frankfurt (FRA) Terminal Z.  Adil Shariff, Your Take Fullscreen Boeing 747 Photo by Paul Thompson (@FlyingPhotog)  Paul Thompson, Your Take Fullscreen Lufthansa Airlines Flight 419 in a 747-8 departs from IAD to FRA.  David Johnson, Your Take Fullscreen Taxiing in a Virgin Atlantic 747 on April 5, 2013.  Joe Taylor, Your Take Fullscreen For several years, I have wanted to travel to photograph a 747 parked in front of the fountains at Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport. To me, it seemed like this spot captured the joy of air travel.  Jack Harty, Your Take Fullscreen British airways 747's wing splitting the sun into two colors.  matt mme, Your Take Fullscreen Shot while taxing on a Braniff Airlines DC-8 62 from LAX to Columbus after the Rose Bowl in 1980.  Mark Cameron, Your Take Fullscreen The 747-400 is the original jumbo jet. It has always had a place in my heart and it has place in the hearts of many of my fellow #AvGeeks.  Ryan Ewing, Your Take Fullscreen The 747 is the only plane with a head as big as mine! This was taken at the Lufthansa Technik Maintenance Facility at FRA.  Ricky Laverde, Your Take Fullscreen 747-400 Freighter At Los Angeles - August 2013.  T Shepherd, Your Take Fullscreen British Airways sunset landing at Houston IAH. Add your 747 photo to our collection at usatoday.com/yourtake/topics/419343/  Dale Marek, Your Take Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 34 2 of 34 3 of 34 4 of 34 5 of 34 6 of 34 7 of 34 8 of 34 9 of 34 10 of 34 11 of 34 12 of 34 13 of 34 14 of 34 15 of 34 16 of 34 17 of 34 18 of 34 19 of 34 20 of 34 21 of 34 22 of 34 23 of 34 24 of 34 25 of 34 26 of 34 27 of 34 28 of 34 29 of 34 30 of 34 31 of 34 32 of 34 33 of 34 34 of 34 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY The world's first Boeing 747 gets a much-needed makeover FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Photos: The world's first Boeing 747 gets a makeover  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. With a fresh coat of paint, the first Boeing 747 shines even under the cloudy Seattle skies at the Museum of Flight on Oct. 18, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The 747s massive Pratt & Whitney JT9D turbofan engines sit idle on the wing of the jet at the Museum of Flight on Oct. 18, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Newlyweds Heidi and Mal Muir take their first selfie as a married couple aboard the first Boeing 747 at the Museum of Flight on Oct. 18, 2014.. The couple exchanged vows in front of the plane's iconic staircase.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The flight deck of the first Boeing 747 remains in almost the same exact condition as when it last flew in 1993.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen The upper deck lounge of the first Boeing 747 maintains a groovy, late-1960s charm.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Covered in original markings detailing its first customers, the freshly repainted nose of the airplane makes a striking appearence at the Museum of Flight on Oct. 18, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A visitor looks at an exhibit located in the rear of the first Boeing 747, on display at the Museum of Flight in Seattle on Oct. 18, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren / USAToday Fullscreen A testing station sits in the mid-section of the airplane, much like it would have looked on its first flight in February 1969.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen David-George Dauphinee (right) of Seattle and Bill Blanchard (left) of Federal Way, Wash., take in the enormity of the first Boeing 747 at the Museum of Flight on Oct. 18, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen David-George Dauphinee of Seattle holds a United Airlines Boeing 747 Friend Ship brochure from 1969 while standing inside the very first Boeing 747, located at the Museum of Flight, on Oct. 18, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen An early Boeing 727 (left) and the first 737 (right) are seen through the windows inside the nose of the first 747.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Visitors walk under the wing of the first Boeing 747 at the Museum of Flight on Oct. 18, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen A child climbs a set of air stairs to the door of the first Boeing 747 at the Museum of Flight on Oct. 18, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Visitors walk through the interior of the first Boeing 747, which still carries its original test equipment. The photo is from Oct. 18, 2014, at Seattle's Museum of Flight.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen People queue for the opportunity to board the first Boeing 747 ever created at the Museum of Flight on. The jet, seen here on Oct. 18, 2014, has been open to viewing on a few special occasions, but this marked the first time it was opened to the general public for regular viewing.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAy Fullscreen Brien Wygle (right), pilot of the first 747 flight in 1969, signs a Boeing 747-8 model at an event at the Museum of Flight on Oct. 18, 2014. The airplane's designer, Joe Sutter (left), looks on.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 16 2 of 16 3 of 16 4 of 16 5 of 16 6 of 16 7 of 16 8 of 16 9 of 16 10 of 16 11 of 16 12 of 16 13 of 16 14 of 16 15 of 16 16 of 16 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY Boeing's 1,500th 747: 'Not your mother's jumbo jet' FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Boeing's jumbo milestone: The 1,500th 747  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. This Boeing 747-8 -- the 1,500th of the jet to be made by Boeing -- is seen near Boeing's assembly line near Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. The jet is bound for German carrier Lufthansa, which was set to celebrate the jet's milestone delivery on June 28, 2014.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 1,500th Boeing 747 as seen outside Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014 -- just days before the milestone jet's delivery to Lufthansa.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen A look at Boeing's 1,500th Boeing 747 near Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., just before its delivery to Lufthansa. The delivery of the milestone aircraft to Lufthansa was to celebrated on June 28, 2014.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 747 is seen during the final assembly process at Boeing's factory in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 747 is seen during the final assembly process at Boeing's factory in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 747 is seen during the final assembly process at Boeing's factory in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing 747 jumbo jets advance through Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing workers tend to a 747 wing at Boeing's 747 assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 1,500th Boeing 747 as seen outside Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014 -- just days before the milestone jet's delivery to Lufthansa.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen A look inside the business class cabin of Boeing's 1,500th Boeing 747 near Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., just before its delivery to Lufthansa. The delivery of the milestone aircraft to Lufthansa was to celebrated on June 28, 2014.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen Two Lufthansa executives talk to USA TODAY's Today in the Sky reporter Ben Mutzabaugh near the wing of Boeing's 1,500th 747 in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014 -- just days before its delivery to Lufthansa.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing 747 is seen at Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing 747 is seen during the final assembly process at Boeing's factory in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing worker tends to a 747 at Boeing's 747 assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing employees work on a 747 jumbo jet as it moves through Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing 747 jumbo jets advance through Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing employee works on a 747 jumbo jet as it moves through Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 747 is seen during the final assembly process at Boeing's factory in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing employee works on the wing of a 747 jumbo jet as it moves through Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen Two of the engines of a Boeing 747 jumbo jet can be seen as the aircraft advances through Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 747 jumbo jets advance through Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen A look inside of the cockpit of Boeing's 1,500th Boeing 747. The delivery of the milestone aircraft to Lufthansa was to celebrated on June 28, 2014.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen A look inside of the cockpit of Boeing's 1,500th Boeing 747. The delivery of the milestone aircraft to Lufthansa was to celebrated on June 28, 2014.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen A look at Boeing's 1,500th Boeing 747 near Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014 -- just days before its delivery to Lufthansa.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 1,500th Boeing 747 as seen outside Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014 -- just days before the milestone jet's delivery to Lufthansa.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 1,500th Boeing 747 as seen outside Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014 -- just days before the milestone jet's delivery to Lufthansa.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing's 1,500th Boeing 747 as seen outside Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014 -- just days before the milestone jet's delivery to Lufthansa.  Mike Kane for USA TODAY Fullscreen A sign welcomes visitors to Boeing's 747 assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen A Boeing 747 jumbo jet advances through Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Landing gear is seen near a Boeing 747 jumbo jets at Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Signage inside Boeing's 747 assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Landing gear for Boeing 747 jumbo jets are seen inside Boeing's 747 assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing 747 jumbo jets advance through Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing 747 jumbo jets advance through Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen An aircraft wing is seen at Boeing's 747 assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing 747 jumbo jets advance through Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Work is performed on one of the engines of a Boeing 747 jumbo jet as it advances through Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing 747 jumbo jets advance through Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Boeing 747 jumbo jets advance through Boeing's assembly line in Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. Boeing was to deliver its 1,500th Boeing 747 in late June.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This Boeing 747-8 -- the 1,500th of the jet to be made by Boeing -- is seen near Boeing's assembly line near Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. The jet is bound for German carrier Lufthansa, which was set to celebrate the jet's milestone delivery on June 28, 2014.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This Boeing 747-8 -- the 1,500th of the jet to be made by Boeing -- is seen near Boeing's assembly line near Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. The jet is bound for German carrier Lufthansa, which was set to celebrate the jet's milestone delivery on June 28, 2014.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This Boeing 747-8 -- the 1,500th of the jet to be made by Boeing -- is seen near Boeing's assembly line near Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. The jet is bound for German carrier Lufthansa, which was set to celebrate the jet's milestone delivery on June 28, 2014.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen This Boeing 747-8 -- the 1,500th of the jet to be made by Boeing -- is seen near Boeing's assembly line near Everett, Wash., on June 17, 2014. The jet is bound for German carrier Lufthansa, which was set to celebrate the jet's milestone delivery on June 28, 2014.  Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 43 2 of 43 3 of 43 4 of 43 5 of 43 6 of 43 7 of 43 8 of 43 9 of 43 10 of 43 11 of 43 12 of 43 13 of 43 14 of 43 15 of 43 16 of 43 17 of 43 18 of 43 19 of 43 20 of 43 21 of 43 22 of 43 23 of 43 24 of 43 25 of 43 26 of 43 27 of 43 28 of 43 29 of 43 30 of 43 31 of 43 32 of 43 33 of 43 34 of 43 35 of 43 36 of 43 37 of 43 38 of 43 39 of 43 40 of 43 41 of 43 42 of 43 43 of 43 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY Korean Air is latest airline to get Boeing's newest, biggest 747 FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Korean Air takes delivery of its first 747-8 Intercontinental  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Korean Air's first 747-8i is seen ahead of a Aug. 25, 2015, delivery ceremony in Everett, Wash.  Boeing Fullscreen Korean Air's first 747-8i is seen ahead of a Aug. 25, 2015, delivery ceremony in Everett, Wash.  Boeing Fullscreen The staircase between the upper and lower decks on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen The upgraded "Kosmo Suite" first-class seats on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen The upgraded "Kosmo Suite" first-class seats on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen The upgraded "Kosmo Suite" first-class seats on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i. Seen here are the footrest and monitor.  Boeing Fullscreen The upgraded "Kosmo Suite" first-class seats on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen Korean Air's first 747-8i is seen ahead of a Aug. 25, 2015, delivery ceremony in Everett, Wash.  Boeing Fullscreen Ray Conner (right), Boeing Commercial Airplanes CEO, shakes hands with Walter Cho, Korean Air's Chief Marketing Office, at a 747-8i delivery ceremony in Everett, Wash., on Aug. 25, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen A business class seat on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen The business class section on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen The business class section on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen The business class section on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen The business class section on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen Korean Air's first 747-8i is seen ahead of a Aug. 25, 2015, delivery ceremony in Everett, Wash.  Boeing Fullscreen Economy seating on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen Economy seating on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen Economy seating on Korean Air's first Boeing 747-8i.  Boeing Fullscreen Korean Air's first 747-8i is seen ahead of a Aug. 25, 2015, delivery ceremony in Everett, Wash.  Boeing Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 19 2 of 19 3 of 19 4 of 19 5 of 19 6 of 19 7 of 19 8 of 19 9 of 19 10 of 19 11 of 19 12 of 19 13 of 19 14 of 19 15 of 19 16 of 19 17 of 19 18 of 19 19 of 19 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY Air China is second to get Boeing's newest, biggest 747 FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Air China takes delivery of Boeing's 747-8i  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Air China's first Boeing 747-8i is pulled into position for its unveiling ceremony at the Future of Flight museum in Everett, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The first Air China Boeing 747-8i is towed to a ceremony in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 29, 2014. The Beijing-based airline is only the second passenger operator of the jet in the world, following Lufthansa.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air China flight attendants pose for a photo at the delivery ceremony for Air China's first Boeing 747-8i in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 29, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A father and son team of Air China pilots admire the newest addition to their fleet on Sept. 29, 2014, in Everett, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen A father and son team of Air China pilots admire the newest addition to their fleet on Sept. 29, 2014, in Everett, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Capt. Zhou Daning, 39 (left), speaks with his father, Capt. Zhou Dianzhuo, 66. The elder Zhou piloted Air China's 747-400 fleet, while his son Daning will fly the newest -8i model. (Sept. 29, 2014, in Everett, Wash.)  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Employees snap photographs as the first Boeing 747-8i passenger jet is towed into position.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Reflected in a giant glass door, the first Air China 747-8i awaits its formal reveal at a ceremony at the Future of Flight museum in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 29, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen The elder Captain Zhou (left) speaks with his son, also a 747 captain, before the formal delivery ceremony of Air China's first 747-8i in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 29, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Joe Sutter, center, designer of the original 747 built in the 1969, speaks with two generations of Air China 747 pilots.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Song Zhiyong, President of Air China holds up the proverbial key to the airplane, presented by Boeing, after formally taking delivery of the company's first 747-8i in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 29, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Guests get their first look at Air China's Boeing 747-8i through a large glass door, during a dinner ceremony celebrating the delivery.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China 747-8 model signed by 747 designer Joe Sutter sits on a table at the aircraft's delivery ceremony in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 29, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Air China's first Boeing 747-8i jumbo-jet rests on the ramp during a delivery ceremony at the Future of Flight in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 29, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Song Zhiyong (left), President of Air China who also is a 747 pilot himself, receives a brand new leather pilot's jacket from Boeing's Senior Vice President of Sales, John Wojick.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China 747-8i model is seen next to Song Zhiyong, President of Air China, as he makes remarks during a delivery ceremony in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 29, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Quan Hong Ming (left), Air China deputy general manager, shakes hands with Boeing's Sales Chief for Asia, Ihssane Mounir, after formally signing for Air China's first Boeing 747-8i in Everett, Wash., on Sept. 29, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen No interior tours were given at Air China's Boeing 747-8i delivery ceremony on Sept. 29, 2014, but the carrier used a large screen to show off premium seating on the new jet.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Song Zhiyong, President of Air China, speaks during a ceremony welcoming the jet in Evertt, Wash., on Sept. 29, 2014.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Greg Laxton, Boeing sales director for China, gives a toast during a formal ceremony for Air China's 747-8i on Sept. 29, 2014, in Everett, Wash.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen An Air China employee peers through a glass window toward the the airline's new Boeing 747-8i.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, special for USA TODAY Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 21 2 of 21 3 of 21 4 of 21 5 of 21 6 of 21 7 of 21 8 of 21 9 of 21 10 of 21 11 of 21 12 of 21 13 of 21 14 of 21 15 of 21 16 of 21 17 of 21 18 of 21 19 of 21 20 of 21 21 of 21 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide PHOTOS: Boeing unveils Seattle Seahawks 747 FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Boeing's Seattle Seahawks-themed 747 is back for an encore  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Boeing revealed photos of its latest Seattle Seahawks-themed 747-8 Freighter on July 19, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing revealed photos of its latest Seattle Seahawks-themed 747-8 Freighter on July 19, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing revealed photos of its latest Seattle Seahawks-themed 747-8 Freighter on July 19, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing revealed photos of its latest Seattle Seahawks-themed 747-8 Freighter on July 19, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing revealed photos of its latest Seattle Seahawks-themed 747-8 Freighter on July 19, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing revealed photos of its latest Seattle Seahawks-themed 747-8 Freighter on July 19, 2015.  Boeing Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 6 2 of 6 3 of 6 4 of 6 5 of 6 6 of 6 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide Boeing's centennial: A look into the photo archives FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Boeing's centennial: A look into the photo archives  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Boeing touted this lounge concept in early mock-ups of its 747 jumbo jet.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's 'Dash 80,' which was the prototype for the '707,' makes its maiden flight in 1954.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen On May 14, 1954, Boeing workers in Renton, Wash., celebrate the rollout of the Dash 80, the prototype for the 707.  Boeing Fullscreen The first B-52D bomber built in Wichita, Kan., on its inaugural flight in the 1950s.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen The McDonnell Douglas (later Boeing) MD-80 jet was based on the Douglas DC-9. More than 1,100 MD-80s were built.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen A Boeing Model C awaits flight in Boeing's Lake Union boathouse in Seattle. The Navy would order 50 of the training planes as the United States entered World War I.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen Only 10 Model 307 Stratoliners were built, first delivered to an airline in 1940. Still, the plane ushered in a new era of comfort with a pressurization system that enabled it to fly above bad weather. It also featured plush seats that converted to sleeping berths.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen The Boeing Model 314 Clipper developed a reputation for luxury during its time. The plane featured dressing rooms, sleeping berths, lounges and a honeymoon suite.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen The Dreamlifter is a specially modified 747 cargo jet that is large enough to carry Boeing 787 'Dreamliner' wings from overseas to the United States for final assembly.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen This rendering shows Boeing's plans for a supersonic transport (SST) aircraft. Boeing won a contract for the plane in 1966. However, the project was canceled in 1971 before the first prototype had been completed.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen McDonnell Dougas' first-widebody jetliner was the DC-10. The aircraft first flew Aug. 29, 1970. McDonnell Douglas would eventually become part of Boeing.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen This undated photo shows a Boeing 767 widebody (left) and a 757 narrowbody. Boeing says the models were 'designed with commonality in mind.' This meant pilots, mechanics and other works could easily be certified to work on both types of airplanes.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen Boeing's then entire 7-7 series of jets is seen lined up numerically from the 707 on the right to the 777 on the left. It was part of a display to help celebrate the 787's premier in July 2007.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen The largest passenger plane of its time, the Model 314 seaplane was called the Clipper, a nod to the fast, long-distance ships of seafaring lore.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen An undated photo shows Boeing's iconic 747, often dubbed the 'Queen of the Skies.'  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen Boeing's first version of the 747 (seen here) was dubbed 'City of Everett,' a nod to the Washington state location of Boeing's assembly line. The jet first flew in 1969.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen Boeing's first 737 jet. The inaugural flight of the model came in April 1967. It has gone on to become the best-selling passenger aircraft in aviation history.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen The Boeing 707, seen here flying within view of Mount Rainier, first flew in 1957. It helped establish Boeing as a dominant player in the commercial jet market.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen Boeing says the B-29 'is widely considered the most technologically advanced bomber mass-produced during World War II.' It first flew on Sept. 21, 1942.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen The B-47 Stratojet first flew in 1947. It's seen here making a rocket-assisted takeoff. It was the USA's first multi-engine, swept-wing jet bomber.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen The launch of the DC-6 in 1946 helped Douglas return to a dominant position in the commercial aviation market after World War II. The plane joined the fleets of several large U.S. carriers.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen A 'B & W,' the first airplane model produced by William Boeing and his business partner, Navy Lt. Conrad Westervelt, taxis across Seattle's Lake Union.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen The advanced B-29 Superfortress (right) was much larger than its predecessor, the B-17 Flying Fortress (left).  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen F/A-18 Hornet Blue Angels fly in Delta formation. In 1986, the U.S. Navy designated the F/A-18 the official Blue Angels jet.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen In 1927, the Model 40A became the first Boeing commercial airplane to go into full production.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen Seen here in Boeing's early days, workers handcraft small canvas-and-wooden wings for biplanes in this undated photo.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's 787 'Dreamliners' move along the production line in Everett, Wash., in this undated photo.  Boeing Fullscreen A Boeing Model 247D flies over New York. Introduced in the 1930s, the all-metal, twin-engine aircraft is considered the first modern passenger plane.  Boeing Fullscreen This shot from the Boeing archives shows a 747 emerging from the company's production line.  Boeing Fullscreen A Boeing Dreamliner.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's factories witnessed large numbers of women joining the workforce to help with the war effort.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen A rendering showing Boeing's new 777X widebody, a next-generation model for its popular 777.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing's new 707 jet provided a quicker, smoother and more comfortable ride. The company issued promotional images like this to assure passengers of the jet's safety.  Boeing Fullscreen In 1962, two 707-320B jets were adapted for use by President John F. Kennedy. It earned the designation 'Air Force One' when the president was on board.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing President Bill Allen and Pan Am CEO Juan Trippe (right) celebrate the launch of the Boeing 747 “Jumbo Jet” in 1968. The longtime friends sealed the deal for the airplanes with a handshake while on a fishing trip.  Boeing Fullscreen This futuristic rendering shows one possible design for Boeing's hypersonic spaceliner concept.  Boeing Fullscreen One of Boeing's newest planes - the Dreamliner (background) - is seen flying alongside an early-model biplane.  Boeing Fullscreen Boeing founder Bill Boeing (right) and Eddie Hubbard flew the first international air mail flight between Seattle and Vancouver, Canada, on March 1, 1919.  Boeing Fullscreen Model 40As are shown being put together in Boeing's assembly building on the Duwamish River near Seattle.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen The DC-3, built by the Douglas Aircraft Company that eventually would join Boeing, helping usher in a new era of air travel in the 1930s and 1940s.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen Douglas Aircraft developed the DC-1 in response to Boeing's 247. Only one was built (seen here), though the company would follow up with the DC-2 and then DC-3, which sold very well.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen An up-close look at a Boeing 307 Stratoliner, which was introduced in the 1940s.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen The B-17 Flying Fortress, introduced in the 1930s, was a key weapon for the U.S. military during World War II.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen This view of the B-29 factory floor highlights the fast-paced production of the aircraft. Dubbed the 'Superfortress,' it was introduced in the 1940s.  Boeing ('Higher: 100 Years of Boeing') Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 44 2 of 44 3 of 44 4 of 44 5 of 44 6 of 44 7 of 44 8 of 44 9 of 44 10 of 44 11 of 44 12 of 44 13 of 44 14 of 44 15 of 44 16 of 44 17 of 44 18 of 44 19 of 44 20 of 44 21 of 44 22 of 44 23 of 44 24 of 44 25 of 44 26 of 44 27 of 44 28 of 44 29 of 44 30 of 44 31 of 44 32 of 44 33 of 44 34 of 44 35 of 44 36 of 44 37 of 44 38 of 44 39 of 44 40 of 44 41 of 44 42 of 44 43 of 44 44 of 44 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide USA TODAY Birthday bash: Boeing rolls out jets from 707 to 787 to celebrate FacebookTwitterGoogle+LinkedIn Boeing puts its passenger jets on display for centennial celebration  Fullscreen Post to Facebook Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen A Boeing 747-8i jet sits outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrates its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen An Alaska Airlines Boeing 737 celebrates Boeing's 100th anniversary with a special paint scheme while taking part in Boeing's 100th birthday celebration on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen A Boeing 737 MAX jet, the company's newest model, takes off for a test flight from Boeing Field in Seattle as the company celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen A Boeing 40C propliner, one of the first passenger airplanes ever produced by the iconic jetmaker, does a fly-over of the Museum of Flight in Seattle during Boeing's 100th birthday bash on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Boeing jetliners - ordered from its first major jetliner, the 707, through the state-of-the-art 787 Dreamliner - line a taxiway outside the Musuem of Flight in Seattle as the American airplane-maker celebrated its 100th birthday on July 15, 2016.  Jeremy Dwyer-Lindgren, Special Fullscreen Like this topic? You may also like these photo galleries: Replay 1 of 19 2 of 19 3 of 19 4 of 19 5 of 19 6 of 19 7 of 19 8 of 19 9 of 19 10 of 19 11 of 19 12 of 19 13 of 19 14 of 19 15 of 19 16 of 19 17 of 19 18 of 19 19 of 19 Autoplay Show Thumbnails Show CaptionsLast SlideNext Slide VIDEO: Milestone: The 1,500th Boeing 747 Skip Ad Ad Loading... x Embed x Share Milestone: The 1,500th Boeing 747 Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2fxpN26 Most Popular Why travelers are returning to travel agents 3.0k Shares Five myths about walking vacations 250 Shares Four ways to earn extra miles while holiday shopping 77 Shares Amazing flight deals in early December 822 Shares Santas and street art: What you'll see in New York's holiday store windows 414 Shares 10 great places to see a parade 37 Shares
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧World News Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / World News Thu, Nov 17, 2016 - Page 7　News List Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp World News Quick Take Agencies AUSTRALIA Boeing P-8A delivered Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has taken delivery of the Royal Australian Air Force’s first Boeing P-8A surveillance and anti-submarine aircraft. Turnbull said the airplane that landed at Canberra air force base yesterday would take a frontline role in preventing asylum seekers from reaching the Australian coast by boat. The air force is to receive 12 of the modified Boeing 737 jets by March 2020 for A$5 billion (US$3.77 billion). The airplane is to take over the coastal surveillance role that the Lockheed P-3 Orion has carried out since 1968. Australia expects a new wave of asylum seekers to come from Indonesia by boat after a weekend announcement that the US had agreed to resettle up to 1,600 of the nation’s refugees. INDIA Swaraj receiving treatment Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj yesterday said that she is being treated for kidney failure and undergoing tests for a possible transplant. Swaraj, one of the country’s best-known female politicians and a veteran leader of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party, said on Twitter that she was undergoing dialysis at a private hospital in New Delhi. “I am in AIIMS [All India Institute of Medical Sciences] because of kidney failure. Presently, I am on dialysis,” the 64-year-old said from her verified Twitter account, which has more than 6.5 million followers. “I am undergoing tests for kidney transplant. Lord Krishna will bless.” The Press Trust of India news agency said Swaraj, who suffers from chronic diabetes, had been admitted to AIIMS on Monday last week. NEW ZEALAND Drone makes pizza delivery The world’s first pizza drone delivery was yesterday claimed by the local division of fast-food giant Domino’s, as it looks to grab a slice of a potentially hot future market. Domino’s said it used a drone to deliver two pizzas to a customer at Whangaparaoa, just north of Auckland. Domino’s Pizza Enterprises CEO Don Meij said drones were set to become an essential part of pizza deliveries. “They can avoid traffic congestion and traffic lights, and safely reduce the delivery time and distance by traveling directly to customers’ homes,” he said. “This is the future. Today’s successful delivery was an important proof of this concept.” He said tests would continue at Whangaparaoa this week, with a view to expanding the delivery area next year. VIETNAM William arrives for meeting Britain’s Prince William has arrived on his first visit to the nation, where he is to take part in an international conference on illegal wildlife trade in the fight to protect elephants, rhinoceroses and other endangered species from extinction. The Duke of Cambridge, who is president of United for Wildlife, was yesterday to meet Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc and Vice President Dang Thi Ngoc Thinh before attending the two-day conference starting today in Hanoi. “He knows the people of Vietnam will share his concern that we have less than 25 years to save some of our most iconic species from extinction. He believes Vietnam has a real opportunity to be leaders in wildlife conservation,” the prince’s office said in a statement on Tuesday. On Saturday, authorities destroyed 2,253kg of seized elephant ivory and rhinoceros horns, sending a message that the government wants illegal wildlife trafficking stopped. The Hanoi conference on illegal wildlife trade is to bring together leaders and senior officials from more than 40 countries, as well as experts from international wildlife conservation groups. This story has been viewed 1133 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2016-11-14 to 2016-11-21 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Anti-gay protesters storm legislature 2 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 3 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 4 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 5 EVERYDAY ENGLISH MORE  1 INTERVIEW: President talks foreign policy in Trump era 2 Trump a chance to change US’ Taiwan policy: ex-official 3 Student rails against ‘stateless’ ID 4 INTERVIEW: President Tsai Ing-wen takes aim at economic growth 5 Xi Jinping’s call to be ‘comrade’ has alternative meaning MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2016 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Sunday November 20 2016 10:02 am     Home   Local News   State / National / World   Sports   Opinion / Letters   Business   Arts / Entertainment   Lifestyle   Obituaries   Calendar   Submit Event   Comics / Games   Classifieds   DJ Designers   Archives   Advertise With Us   About Us   GET THE DAY'S TOP HEADLINES DELIVERED DAILY TO YOUR INBOX FOR FREE Sign up here     Read Archive PDFs: 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000     Energy companies lead indexes higher as oil price soars November 16, 2016, 05:00 AM By Marley Jay The Associated Press NEW YORK — U.S. stocks climbed Tuesday as the price of oil made its biggest jump in seven months and energy companies rose with it. Technology stocks like Microsoft and Google’s parent Alphabet traded higher and bond yields slipped, a break with the pattern since last week’s election. Oil rose almost 6 percent as investors once again grew hopeful that the OPEC cartel will agree to cut fuel production in a few weeks. Companies like utilities and telecom service providers climbed as bond yields fell slightly after a week of large gains. Airlines rose after Warren Buffett made a surprise investment in three carriers. “The market somehow decided ‘let’s give the Trump presidency a chance,” said John DeClue, chief investment officer for U.S. Bank’s private client reserve. However DeClue said the bond market could struggle with Trump in the White House: if taxes are cut and government spending rises sharply, that could lead to climbing deficits that would trouble investors in U.S. government debt. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 54.37 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,923.06, as those gains were partly held back by losses for retailer Home Depot and aerospace company Boeing. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 16.19 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,180.39. The Nasdaq composite added 57.22 points, or 1.1 percent, to 5,275.62. Energy companies like Exxon Mobil and Occidental Petroleum made large gains as the price of oil rose by the largest amount since early April. At least for a day, investors were hopeful that the nations of OPEC will be able to hammer out a deal to cut oil production, which would boost prices. OPEC agreed to a preliminary deal in September but still have to work out important details. Benchmark U.S. crude gained $2.49, or 5.7 percent, to $45.81 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose $2.52, or 5.7 percent, to $46.95 a barrel in London. Exxon rose $1.54, or 1.8 percent, to $86.82 and Apache added $4.46, or 7.6 percent, to $63.39. Tuesday’s trading was a partial reversal of the moves investors have made since the presidential election one week ago. Tech stocks have been losing ground recently, but Microsoft picked up $1.14, or 2 percent, to $58.87 and graphics processor maker Nvidia rose $2.55, or 3 percent, to $86.19. Bond prices edged higher, sending long-term interest rates slightly lower. Bond prices had fallen sharply since the election over worries that President-elect Donald Trump’s spending plans would lead to higher inflation. That had sent yields to their highest levels this year. But the yield on the 10-year Treasury note declined to 2.23 percent from 2.27 percent. Companies that pay large dividends, like phone companies, also changed course and rose. However the dollar continued to get stronger and reached its highest level in almost a year. It rose to 109.32 yen from 108.51 yen. The euro slid to $1.0718 from $1.0726. Billionaire investor Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway bought stock in United Continental, American Airlines and Delta. Buffett has avoided the volatile industry in the past, but his holding company disclosed stakes in each company in a form filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. United picked up $3.12, or 5 percent, to $66.06 and American gained $1.36, or 3.1 percent, to $44.76. Aerospace giant Boeing fell after United said that it will postpone delivery of 61 new Boeing 737 jets that it planned to buy. It will convert the orders to a new, more fuel-efficient model that Boeing calls the 737 Max. Boeing stock lost $1.88, or 1.3 percent, to $148.11. Retail sales climbed 0.8 percent in October as consumers spent more money on products including cars and home and garden supplies. Retail sales over last two months have been the strongest in more than two years, which shows consumers are still spending. The report showed continued gains for online retailers. Amazon jumped $24.17, or 3.4 percent, to $743.24 while department stores traded lower as they continued to lose sales. Equity One will combine with Regency Center in a deal that combines two real estate investment trusts that own shopping centers. The two companies have more than 400 properties, most of them anchored by grocery stores. Equity One climbed $1.90, or 6.8 percent, to $29.77 while Regency Center lost $2.95, or 4.2 percent, to $66.91. Chinese e-commerce company JD.com climbed after it reported strong quarterly results. The company also said it might reorganize its JD Finance unit, which runs its internet finance business. JD.com said expects to sell its stake in the company and that JD Finance will be owned solely by Chinese investors. The stock climbed $2.70, or 11.4 percent, to $26.41. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 6 cents, or 4.5 percent, to $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 6 cents, or 4.2 percent, to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas lost 4 cents to $2.71 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose $2.80 to $1,224.50 an ounce. Silver picked up 15 cents to $17.04 an ounce, while copper gave up 2 cents to $2.51 a pound. Britain’s FTSE 100 index rose 0.6 percent and the CAC-40 in France was also 0.6 percent higher. Germany’s DAX gained 0.4 percent. Seoul’s Kospi shed 0.3 percent and the Nikkei 225 in Japan finished little changed. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.5 percent. ———— AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay     Tags: percent, company, companies, climbed, cents, boeing, Other stories from today: Facebook’s fake news problem: What’s its responsibility? After election rupture, CEOs seek unity for staff, customers Energy companies lead indexes higher as oil price soars     Print this Page  |  << Back   Return To Archives            Daily Journal Quick Poll   If you are traveling for Thanksgiving, when is the best time to go? This weekend to beat the rush Monday Hopefully it won't be too bad Wednesday Thursday morning My family is coming to me                       Our User Agreement Our Privacy Policy Home Local News State / National / World Sports Opinion / Letters Business Arts / Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Calendar Submit Event Newsletter Signup Comics / Games Classifieds DJ Designers Archives Advertise With Us Contact Us About Us SiteMap ©2016 San Mateo Daily Journal San Mateo County courts  
International Business Times, India Edition International Business Times, India Edition India US World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Photos Video Search Search Home Companies Boeing to cut 500 jobs and to close several sites as it looks to consolidate business Boeing looks to consolidate its defence and space business by 2020. Aditya Bhat   November 16, 2016 19:49 IST Boeing to cut jobs and transfer some to other facilities. [Representational Image] In Picture: Boeing's new concept will join the fray for the USAF's sixth-generation air superiority fighter.WikiCommons Boeing, US defence and aerospace giant announced on Tuesday several steps that will eventually lead to consolidation of its defence and space business by 2020. One such decision was to cut nearly 500 jobs over a period of four years. It also announced of its plans to shut down plants in El Paso, Texas, and Newington, Virginia. But workers and equipment from the closed down sites will move to facilities in St. Louis, Los Angeles County and Huntsville, Alabama. Why advertise with us? Related Boeing to field its KC-46A Pegasus aircraft for IAF's tanker competition? Boeing looks for Indian collaboration on manufacturing UAS in India "In order to push ourselves farther and win more business, we need to make the most of our resources and talent. These steps will help us be a stronger partner for our customers worldwide," said Leanne Caret, president and CEO of Boeing's defence, space and security business, Defence News reported. The consolidation process might lead to 500 employees losing jobs. But several jobs will be moved over to other places within Boeing. The report said that jobs about 1,600 from Huntington Beach, California will be moved to Boeing facilities in El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach in Southern California. Additionally, the 500 workers will be added to St. Louis site and 400 positions to Huntsville. The Tukwila facility will get positions from Kent, Washington. Boeing has not decided what programs are likely to relocated to Huntsville, St. Louis or the Southern California facilities. Also read India-US defence, strategic relationship could evolve further under Trump Why the Russians and Chinese must fear this jacked-up US warplane Post Comment IBT TV Close Are British telecoms a good investment? Why advertise with us? Latest News RBI proposes introducing Islamic banking in India 6 hours ago By Kalyani Pandey Emirates not happy with Rolls-Royce's A380 engines: Report 8 hours ago By Kalyani Pandey Editor's Pick International Men's Day: The 10 Sexiest Men Alive of 2016 Is the iconic commercial aircraft Boeing 747 being retired? Why advertise with us? most popular United and Delta airlines to phase out Boeing 747, as the company says it would stop making them Boeing's iconic aircraft is set to be retired, with better technology arriving on the scene. Emirates not happy with Rolls-Royce's A380 engines: Report Owing to technical issues, Emirates has said the engine is not 'up to standard.' HDFC sells Rs 869 crore Unitech loan to asset reconstruction firm In a regulatory filing, the housing finance firm said Unitech was facing cashflow problem, resulting in defaults in repayment. Karnataka Bank extends rights issue date until November 28 Shareholders of the bank are reportedly finding it difficult to file their applications for the rights issue. Photo Gallery Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch Surprise visit by Salman Khan at Rajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch. Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Amy Jackson, Director Shankar at 2.0 first look launch Home India World Business Technology Sports Entertainment Auto Health Photos Video About us Advertise with us Brand Terms of service Privacy & Cookie Policy Permission Syndication Careers Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 International Business Times, India Edition All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Google Plus Pinterest RSS
Home National Security Politics Issues Culture Columns Washington Free Beacon National Security Politics Issues Culture Columns Store When ‘Everything Becomes War,’ Call the UN? All the News that’s Fit to Fake Under Obamacare Expansion, Medicaid Enrollment 110% Higher Than Projected House Lawmakers to Nix Obama Admin-Backed Sale of U.S. Planes to Iran Iran angling to rebuild war fleet with American planes Share Tweet Email A Boeing 747 of Iran's national airline is seen at Mehrabad International Airport in Tehran / AP BY: Adam Kredo Follow @Kredo0 November 16, 2016 5:00 am Lawmakers in the House are expected to overwhelmingly pass new legislation on Wednesday that would prohibit the Obama administration from facilitating the sale of U.S. aircraft to Iran, according to senior congressional sources who told the Washington Free Beacon that Iran is likely to use American-made planes to rebuild its aging air force. The legislation is viewed as an early test for the incoming Trump administration, which has broadly opposed last year’s comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran and intimated that it would be more confrontational with the Islamic Republic. Senior congressional sources told the Free Beacon that House leaders scheduled the vote on this bill immediately following the election to signal that lawmakers are frustrated with the Obama administration’s ongoing diplomacy with Tehran. If approved, the new bill would bar the Obama administration from granting legal exemptions to corporations such as Boeing, which is working to finalize a multi-billion dollar landmark deal with Iran. The Obama administration has already vowed to veto the legislation. “The American people gave us a mandate to fight radical Islamic terrorism. Preventing aircraft sales to the world’s leading terror state is a pretty good start,” said one senior GOP aide familiar with the legislation. “Clearly this is a top priority for House Republicans—we are making this the first bill we put on the floor after the election. The Boeing-Iran sale is a great opportunity for President-elect Trump to claim an early national security win.” Rep. Peter Roskam (R., Ill.), a vocal critic of the nuclear deal and Iran’s continued military buildup, told the Free Beacon that Republican House lawmakers will easily pass the legislation. “It’s no secret I’ve been a vocal critic of the Iran deal—it was a horrible idea at the time and it has proven even worse as we’ve learned about secret side deals and more unilateral concessions to the Mullahs,” Roskam said. “But even those who supported the [nuclear deal] should support this bill. Nothing in the Iran deal obligates the U.S. to allow American banks to finance the Islamic Republic’s efforts to rebuilt its air fleet.” The Obama administration said in a statement late Monday that the legislation would interfere with the United States’ ability to uphold its end of the nuclear deal, which includes guarantees that Iran would be able to access the U.S. marketplace for commercial aircraft. “The bill would undermine the ability of the United States to meet our JCPOA [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action] commitments by effectively prohibiting the United States from licensing the sale of commercial passenger aircraft to Iran for exclusively civil end uses, as we committed to do in the JCPOA, and seeking to deter companies from pursuing permissible business with Iran,” the White House said in a statement. Critics of the administration’s position have pointed to evidence that Iran has a history of converting civilian planes for use in its air force and military. The Free Beacon in October disclosed several instances in which U.S.-made airplanes purchased by Iran in the 1970s had been used by Iran’s military. Roskam told the Free Beacon at the time that there was reason to expect Iran would make similar use of any new planes it purchased from Boeing, which did not respond to a request for comment on the new legislation. “We should not be surprised to see Iran’s latest military demonstrations feature Boeing 747s,” Roskam said. “It is incredibly irresponsible for any American company to sell products to the Islamic Republic that can easily be used for military purposes.” “This is not hypothetical,” Roskam said. “We know the military has requisitioned Boeing planes from Iran Air in the past. Boeing is literally enhancing the military capabilities of the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism.” This entry was posted in National Security and tagged Boeing, Iran. Bookmark the permalink. Share Tweet Email Adam Kredo   Email Adam | Full Bio | RSS Adam Kredo is senior writer for the Washington Free Beacon. Formerly an award-winning political reporter for the Washington Jewish Week, where he frequently broke national news, Kredo’s work has been featured in outlets such as the Jerusalem Post, the Jewish Telegraphic Agency, and Politico, among others. He lives in Maryland with his comic books. His Twitter handle is @Kredo0. His email address is kredo@freebeacon.com. Follow @Kredo0 THE MORNING BEACON DAILY NEWSLETTER MAKES IT EASIER TO STAY INFORMED Get the news that matters most to you, delivered straight to your inbox daily. Register today! Today’s STORIES The Firebreak We’ve Been Waiting For Feds Spend $224,998 on Reproductive Health Video Game How to Write a Review Jane Jacobs’ Long Shadow Hang On to Your Ego Chinese Robot Rises Up Against Humanity Navy Taps New Commander for Guantanamo Bay Prison Florida Mall Santa Replaced for Telling Child Hillary Clinton Is on ‘Naughty List’ WSJ: NSA Director Mike Rogers Top Candidate for DNI Under Trump U.N. Secretary-General: Toilets Save Lives, Money Fashion Designer Won’t Work for Melania Trump Obama, EU Leaders Agree to Keep Sanctions on Russia Washington Free Beacon About Us Archive Masthead Tips Terms of Use Privacy Policy Topics Editor’s Blog ©2016 All Rights Reserved | Site Map × THE MORNING BEACON: BE PART OF THE CONVERSATION The Washington Free Beacon's morning email lays out everything you need to know about the world of politics, foreign affairs, and national security right in your inbox.
null
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort By Associated Press Published: 07:04 EST, 16 November 2016 | Updated: 07:04 EST, 16 November 2016 e-mail ST. LOUIS (AP) — Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs and close two facilities by the end of 2020 in an effort to make its Defense, Space & Security business more efficient, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, California, will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. About 500 positions will move to St. Louis County in Missouri, and 400 will shift to Huntsville, Alabama. Chicago-based Boeing will close a plant that employs 290 people in in El Paso, Texas, and another that employs 70 people in Newington, Virginia. The company said the moves will reduce facility space by about 4.5 million square feet. The Boeing Co. building is seen in Huntington Beach, Calif., Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. (Jeff Gritchen/The Orange County Register/SCNG via AP) The Huntington Beach plant will remain open. Boeing spokesman Ken Smith declined to say how many workers will remain there. The company will move an unspecified number of jobs from Kent, Washington, to Tukwila, Washington. The two towns are just 16 miles apart. "In order to push ourselves farther and win more business, we need to make the most of our resources and talent," Leanne Caret, president and CEO of Boeing Defense, Space & Security, said in a statement. "These steps will help us be a stronger partner for our customers worldwide." The company said it also will align Boeing Defence Australia, Boeing Defense Saudi Arabia, and Boeing Defence United Kingdom into a new global operations group, led by David Pitchforth, managing director of Boeing Defence U.K. A man enters Boeing in Huntington Beach, Calif., Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. (Jeff Gritchen/The Orange County Register/SCNG via AP) /The Orange County Register via AP) People head toward the West Gate at Boeing in Huntington Beach, Calif., Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. (Jeff Gritchen/The Orange County Register/SCNG via AP) The Boeing Co. building is seen in Huntington Beach, Calif., Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. (Jeff Gritchen/The Orange County Register/SCNG via AP) The Boeing Co. building is seen in Huntington Beach, Calif., Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. (Jeff Gritchen/The Orange County Register/SCNG via AP) The Boeing Co. building is seen in Huntington Beach, Calif., Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. (Jeff Gritchen/The Orange County Register/SCNG via AP) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Army Technology News, views and contacts from the global Army industry Log in or Register Vehicles Vehicles Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Opinion » Analysis It's DARPA’s Tern: new UAV software masters the roughest seas It's DARPA’s Tern: new UAV software masters the roughest seas Analysis Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Projects Terrier Light Armoured Vehicle Terrier Light Armoured Vehicle Analysis Base swap: how military allies are cosying up to share assets Base swap: how military allies are cosying up to share assets Soldier Systems Soldier Systems Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Opinion » Analysis Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Projects RPG-32 (Nash-Shab) Anti-Tank Weapon System RPG-32 (Nash-Shab) Anti-Tank Weapon System Opinions NATO summit 2016: common interests take sharp focus NATO summit 2016: common interests take sharp focus Analysis A single European army: do we need a joint force? A single European army: do we need a joint force? C4ISR C4ISR Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Opinion » Analysis It's DARPA’s Tern: new UAV software masters the roughest seas It's DARPA’s Tern: new UAV software masters the roughest seas Analysis Cyber insiders: Putting warriors on the front line against hack attacks Cyber insiders: Putting warriors on the front line against hack attacks Analysis Unravelling China’s state sponsored cyber war with Project CameraShy Unravelling China’s state sponsored cyber war with Project CameraShy Analysis A single European army: do we need a joint force? A single European army: do we need a joint force? Ordnance Ordnance Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Opinion » Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Projects RPG-32 (Nash-Shab) Anti-Tank Weapon System RPG-32 (Nash-Shab) Anti-Tank Weapon System Analysis Downsized but modernised: why the world’s nuclear arsenals aren’t going anywhere Downsized but modernised: why the world’s nuclear arsenals aren’t going anywhere Analysis A single European army: do we need a joint force? A single European army: do we need a joint force? Logistics Logistics Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Opinion » Projects Terrier Light Armoured Vehicle Terrier Light Armoured Vehicle Analysis Base swap: how military allies are cosying up to share assets Base swap: how military allies are cosying up to share assets Analysis Downsized but modernised: why the world’s nuclear arsenals aren’t going anywhere Downsized but modernised: why the world’s nuclear arsenals aren’t going anywhere Analysis Armoured vehicle manufactures look on the light side to shed weight Armoured vehicle manufactures look on the light side to shed weight Training and Simulation Training and Simulation Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Opinion » Analysis Inside ASDOT: the UK MoD’s new fighter trainer Inside ASDOT: the UK MoD’s new fighter trainer Analysis A single European army: do we need a joint force? A single European army: do we need a joint force? Analysis The smart deployed HQ: digital transformation in the battlefield The smart deployed HQ: digital transformation in the battlefield Analysis Nordics look to collaboration in defence of Europe’s new front line Nordics look to collaboration in defence of Europe’s new front line Security Security Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Opinion » Analysis Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Analysis Base swap: how military allies are cosying up to share assets Base swap: how military allies are cosying up to share assets Opinions NATO summit 2016: common interests take sharp focus NATO summit 2016: common interests take sharp focus Analysis Cyber insiders: Putting warriors on the front line against hack attacks Cyber insiders: Putting warriors on the front line against hack attacks Market Data Market Data Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Opinion » Analysis Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Projects RPG-32 (Nash-Shab) Anti-Tank Weapon System RPG-32 (Nash-Shab) Anti-Tank Weapon System Projects Terrier Light Armoured Vehicle Terrier Light Armoured Vehicle Technology Technology Projects » Analysis » News » Suppliers » White Papers » Videos » Opinion » Analysis It's DARPA’s Tern: new UAV software masters the roughest seas It's DARPA’s Tern: new UAV software masters the roughest seas Analysis Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Is the British Army keeping up with Putin’s troops? Projects Hydra-70 Rocket System Hydra-70 Rocket System Projects RPG-32 (Nash-Shab) Anti-Tank Weapon System RPG-32 (Nash-Shab) Anti-Tank Weapon System Companies Companies Company A-Z » Products & Services » Press Releases » White Papers » Videos » Suppliers ARPA - Field Logistic Solutions for the Defence Industry Field Logistic Solutions for the Defence Industry Suppliers DST Defence Service Tracks - Armoured Vehicle Tracks Armoured Vehicle Tracks Suppliers Omnetics Connector Corporation - Rugged Miniature and Ultra-Miniature Connectors and Interconnect Systems for Defence Applications Rugged Miniature and Ultra-Miniature Connectors and Interconnect Systems for Defence Applications Suppliers Ricardo - Defence Support Services and Innovative Technology for the Military Industry Defence Support Services and Innovative Technology for the Military Industry Videos Events All Sections All Sections Projects » Analysis » Company A-Z » Products & Services » News » Press Releases » White Papers » Opinion » Advertise With Us » Report Store » About us » News On Nov 16 2016 Boeing plans to consolidate facilities for its defence and space business Boeing is planning to consolidate its defence and space business by the end of 2020, in a bid to improve its operating efficiency. The company will also move more than 1,600 jobs from its Huntington Beach facility to Los Angeles County over the next four years.  Boeing's St. Louis and Huntsville's sites will receive more than 900 jobs. “Making better use of our facilities will enhance efficiency and promote greater collaboration." Employees will be relocated to facilities in El Segundo, Long Beach, and Seal Beach in Southern California, while jobs in Kent, Washington will be moved to nearby Tukwila. Boeing Defense, Space & Security president and CEO Leanne Caret said: “In order to push ourselves farther and win more business, we need to make the most of our resources and talent. “These steps will help us be a stronger partner for our customers worldwide.” Boeing will reduce space in its facilities by approximately 4.5 million ft², as well as shut down locations in El Paso, Texas, and Newington, Virginia. Caret further added: “Making better use of our facilities will enhance efficiency and promote greater collaboration. “This will help drive our global growth in Boeing’s second century.” Boeing Defence Australia, Boeing Defense Saudi Arabia and Boeing Defence United Kingdom will become a part of a new global operations group led by David Pitchforth. Share Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube Newsletter For all the latest army industry news, sign up for our regular updates. Contact us Advertise with us Terms and conditions Privacy Links About us Digital Magazine Follow us: www.army-technology.com is a product of Kable. Copyright 2016 Kable, a trading division of Kable Intelligence Limited.
Weather Your 4-day local weather forecast Monday November 21, 2016 Life & Style Travel Larger / SmallerNight Mode Thai Airways International takes delivery of first Airbus A350 XWB Michael Gebicki 31 Aug 2016, 10:38 a.m. Melbourne will be the first city to welcome Thai Airways International's brand new Airbus A350 XWB aircraft, the airline's first. Thai Airways International takes delivery of first Airbus A350 XWB Thai Airways Airbus A350 takes off. Photo: GOUSSE Herve - MasterFims THAI’s first A350 XWB jetliner has 321 seats configured in a premium two-class layout, including 32 in THAI’s Royal Silk Class and 289 in the main cabin. Photo: PIGEYRE Pascal - MasterFilms The Airbus A350 XWB aircraft is state-of-the-art, featuring a contemporary design aligned with THAI’s Royal Orchid Service. Photo: DOUMENJOU Alexandre - Masterfilms Tweet Facebook of ╳ exit Melbourne will be the first city to welcome Thai Airways International's brand new Airbus A350 XWB aircraft, the airline's first. Scheduled to commence on 16 September, Thai Airways will operate a daily Melbourne-Bangkok service aboard the Airbus A350 XWB, replacing one of the Boeing 777-200s the airline currently flies on the route. This is the precursor to a twice-daily A350 XWB Melbourne-Bangkok service when the airline takes delivery of its second A350 in September. Sydney is among the other cities slated for an A350 XWB service to Bangkok when Thai Airways expands its A350 fleet to 12 aircraft, scheduled to happen by the end of 2018. In service only since January 2015, the A350 XWB – the initials stand for Extra Wide Body – is branded the world's most advanced twin-aisle aircraft, Airbus' response to the Boeing 787 Dreamliner. Pay offs for passengers Thai's 3-3-3 economy-configured A350 cabin include an 18-inch (46cm) seat width, one inch more than most economy-class seats. More than half the fuselage and wings of the A350 are made from carbon composite material, which allows for higher cabin pressure, about 2000 feet lower than the standard 8000 feet, which means more oxygen, and a more comfortable passenger experience. Other pluses include the biggest overhead bins of any aircraft, allowing every passenger to stow a standard cabin-compliant case of maximum dimensions, a draught-free circulation system, 11-inch video screens on the inflight entertainment system and glowing LED lighting that enables the airline to curate its own colour scheme.  The A350 bills itself as the quietest passenger aircraft, aside from the giant A380 superjumbo. The A350 is six decibels quieter than the Boeing 787, a point the aircraft's marketing director Francois Obe was keen to emphasise to the international press hosted by Thai International at Toulouse on the delivery flight on 30 August. The A350 is also the aircraft that in its future "Ultra Long Range" configuration holds the promise of non-stop flights from Australia to Western Europe. As well as long legs, one of the factors that facilitates this is regulatory approval for the aircraft to fly on just one engine for up to six hours, three hours more than usual, allowing it to operate over long overwater routes far from landing sites that might be required in case of an emergency diversion. "In its ULR variant, the A350 is capable of taking you right around the globe with just one stop on the way," according to Obe. The A350 acquisition is part of a turnaround strategy for Thai, which lost $US700 million ($A931 million) in 2014 according to Thai Airways international president Charamporn Jotikasthira. The airline has suffered from a chaotic aircraft choice, passenger loads well below average and stubborn adherence to routes that were costing it millions of dollars every year. "2015 was the year we stopped bleeding," Jotikasthira said shortly before boarding the delivery flight from Toulouse to Bangkok. Jotikasthira has taken the broom to the airline since he came on board at the end of 2014, streamlining the fleet with less aircraft types, selling off aircraft, cutting unprofitable routes and instituting an early retirement scheme. Strategies to bring passengers back include an upgraded first and business class service, new routes such as a direct Frankfurt-Phuket service, a resumption of the service to Moscow and the revival of another to Tehran that was abandoned during the sanctions era – plus the new fleet of Airbus A350s. Jotikasthira also has ambitions to reposition Bangkok as the major hub for South-East Asia. "We're back," said Jotikasthira at a press conference at the Airbus Delivery Centre in Toulouse, and the signs are hopeful, with Thai Airways International taking the Most Improved Airline gong at the Skytrax 2016 World Aircraft Awards. Michael Gebicki travelled to Toulouse as a guest of Thai Airways. See also: Airline Review: Thai Airways economy class See also: Singapore's first A350 arrives in Australia for the first time The story Thai Airways International takes delivery of first Airbus A350 XWB first appeared on The Sydney Morning Herald. Latest News How disability has not held back video jockey Jim Medcraft Limited transport is a big barrier to young people getting jobs Limited transport is a big barrier to young people getting jobs $24 billion budget blowout. MYEFO to confirm the worst on December 19 Job and housing targets boosted in Greater Sydney Commission district plans Editor's Picks High Street Maitland Woolworths reunion | gallery Springfest returns Saturday | PHOTOS Council buys five properties wiped out in super storm | PHOTOS, VIDEO New Maitland hospital to be built and run by private sector Levee arch closer to reality | PHOTOS Popular High Street Maitland Woolworths reunion | gallery Roos behind fences during Great Race Get on the buses to avoid any problems Done just in the nick of time Road safety a top priority Multimedia +more multimedia stories Photos Video Interactive Wests signal rivals they are still Twenty20 kings Western Suburbs delivered a loud and clear message to their rivals that they are still Maitland's kings of ... Sheffield Shield action around the country | Photos DAY 3 ACTION: With the Australian team a shambles, eyes turned to who could perform for their state ... T20 big hitters out to play | PHOTOS The Hunter's biggest hitters have signalled they are in for a huge day at Sunday's Hunter Valley Cup ... Fairfax Front Pages: November 19-20, 2016 Fairfax front pages from across the nation. Contact Us About Us Advertising Privacy Policy Conditions of Use Copyright © 2016. Fairfax Media. Fairfax Media Front Page News Loading... Sport Loading... Opinion Loading... Community Loading... Life & Style Loading... Entertainment Loading... Classifieds Loading... Multimedia Loading... Front Page News Local News Latest News National World Business Politics Regional Focus Rural Sport Local Sport NRL Tournaments Cricket HQ Footy HQ Sport TV AFL Tournament NRL Tournament Opinion Editorial Letters Polls Community Events Competitions Local Business Listings Special Publications & Features eEdition Lower Hunter Star Local Business Feature Life & Style Education Food & Wine Health Home & Garden Money Parenting Pets & Animals Relationships Technology Travel Entertainment Books Celebrity Games Sudoku TV & Movies TV Guide Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Cars Notices Place a Classifieds Ad Tributes Ag and Rural Celebrations Multimedia Photos Video Interactive Search NewsBusiness Smartphone Tablet - Narrow Tablet - Wide Desktop
null
null
Close Welcome! Log In|Sign up |Log In|Subscribe Log Out|Manage Your Account Manage Subscriptions E-Edition November 20, 2016 Place an Ad Subscribe Subscriber Services eEdition Advertise With Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort - Dothan Eagle: AP Business News Advanced Search Dothan 55° Dothan Eagle Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports Alabama Auburn High School Local Recreation Troy Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place a Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Home News Ap AP Business News Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort Story Comments Image (6) Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Previous Next Jeff Gritchen Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort The Boeing Co. building is seen in Huntington Beach, Calif., Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. (Jeff Gritchen/The Orange County Register/SCNG via AP) Jeff Gritchen Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort A man enters Boeing in Huntington Beach, Calif., Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. (Jeff Gritchen/The Orange County Register/SCNG via AP) /The Orange County Register via AP) Jeff Gritchen Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort People head toward the West Gate at Boeing in Huntington Beach, Calif., Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. (Jeff Gritchen/The Orange County Register/SCNG via AP) Jeff Gritchen Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort The Boeing Co. building is seen in Huntington Beach, Calif., Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. (Jeff Gritchen/The Orange County Register/SCNG via AP) Jeff Gritchen Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort The Boeing Co. building is seen in Huntington Beach, Calif., Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. (Jeff Gritchen/The Orange County Register/SCNG via AP) Jeff Gritchen Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort The Boeing Co. building is seen in Huntington Beach, Calif., Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. (Jeff Gritchen/The Orange County Register/SCNG via AP) Posted: Wednesday, November 16, 2016 6:02 am | Updated: 6:30 am, Wed Nov 16, 2016. Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort Associated Press | ST. LOUIS (AP) — Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs and close two facilities by the end of 2020 in an effort to make its Defense, Space & Security business more efficient, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, California, will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. About 500 positions will move to St. Louis County in Missouri, and 400 will shift to Huntsville, Alabama. Chicago-based Boeing will close a plant that employs 290 people in in El Paso, Texas, and another that employs 70 people in Newington, Virginia. The company said the moves will reduce facility space by about 4.5 million square feet. The Huntington Beach plant will remain open. Boeing spokesman Ken Smith declined to say how many workers will remain there. The company will move an unspecified number of jobs from Kent, Washington, to Tukwila, Washington. The two towns are just 16 miles apart. "In order to push ourselves farther and win more business, we need to make the most of our resources and talent," Leanne Caret, president and CEO of Boeing Defense, Space & Security, said in a statement. "These steps will help us be a stronger partner for our customers worldwide." The company said it also will align Boeing Defence Australia, Boeing Defense Saudi Arabia, and Boeing Defence United Kingdom into a new global operations group, led by David Pitchforth, managing director of Boeing Defence U.K. © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about Business 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped 115 dead as train derails in north India; some still trapped More about Layoffs ARTICLE: Spokesman: VW cuts will have 'no effect' in Chattanooga ARTICLE: Ohio school board delays dozens of scheduled layoffs ARTICLE: FairPoint cutting at least 110 jobs in northern New England Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs, cutting costs after scandal Volkswagen to shed 30,000 jobs, cutting costs after scandal More about Production Facilities ARTICLE: Amtrak Downeaster expands service thanks to layover facility ARTICLE: This Week from Albany: Legislative pay raise falls flat ARTICLE: Business Highlights Navajo youths travel 1,000 miles to protest power plant haze Navajo youths travel 1,000 miles to protest power plant haze Discuss Print Posted in AP Business News on Wednesday, November 16, 2016 6:02 am. Updated: 6:30 am. | Tags: Business, Layoffs, Production Facilities, Personnel, Corporate News | Location Tags: Missouri, Long Beach, Virginia, Alabama, United States, North America, California, Minnesota Similar Stories The Latest: Obama, Putin discuss Syria conflict, Ukraine Amid wildfires, North Carolina getaway turns to ghost town The Latest: Philippine leader looks to China-led development Facebook fixing fake news problem with CEO at trade summit Trump quickly settles university lawsuits after a long fight Most Read Sheriff Donald Valenza describes search for Amanda Bond Dale County jailer charged with trying to smuggle drugs into jail Amanda Bond's body found two weeks after deputies say she was murdered Four Dothan schools score among best in state on ACT Aspire test UPDATED: LaBrian Stewart fired as Northview head football coach Videos Editor's Picks Will a Trump presidency be good for farmers? While President-elect Donald Trump can’t do anything about the drought, local peanut farmers are “cautiously optimistic” a Trump … Arkansas State blasts No. 25 Troy with strong second half TROY – What began as a defensive slugfest between Arkansas State and No. 25 Troy Thursday ended in a rout thanks to an outstandin… Dothan's Granger inks with AU Equestrian team When she was 8 years old, Terri-June Granger received a horse at Christmas. Monday’s supermoon closest in nearly 70 years You can see the moon bigger and brighter than usual on Monday. National Peanut Festival Parade draws big crowd under mostly sunny skies They made their way toward Main Street, big hands holding little hands, some pushing strollers or pulling wagons. In Case You Missed It < Folklore Brewing creates beer series in military’s honor U.S. Army veteran Brian Brenner said he and his wife, who also serves in the military, stumbled across Folklore Brewing & Meadery during a rec article business Team Alpha Martial Arts Academy blends fitness with education In the center of the room, instructor Kevin Johnson and star pupil Chris Young, a 12-year-old, intently practice maneuvers on the mat in the sport of article local Dante’s Pizza: A family tradition Raffaele Clemente has a very simple motto for running his business. article local Future Masters champ, Alabama star golfer Robby Shelton embraces turning pro Beginning a professional golf career is challenging enough in itself. For former Future Masters champion and University of Alabama standout Robby Shel article local Dancin' Dave now has his own Peanut statue HEADLAND – All due respect to Elvis and the handsome Peanut that bears his likeness in Dothan, but Dancin’ Dave is the King of the Wiregrass. article local > Sections Home News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Videos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Site Index Add Search Toolbar Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact us dothaneagle.com dothaneagle.com Phone number: 334-792-3141 E-mail: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Address: 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Search Search in: All Eufaula Tribune Enterprise Ledger Dothan Eagle Army Flier Photos Video Dothan Eagle, Dothan, AL © 2016 BH Media Group, Inc. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use] Haven’t signed up for All Access yet? Get started here… Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now. Need more information about All Access? Get all of the details here. If you are a current subscriber and haven’t signed up for All Access yet, get started here.
null
Home News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings 32° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 28° F Today’s Forecast Radar 7-Day 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Mug Shots Call 4 Action Photo Galleries National News International Politics Decision 2016 Religion Featured Stories New York Business Health Entertainment Hollywood Today Live What’s Trending Traffic Orlando Shootings Break Out Wake Up! Latest Headlines The Latest: Banged-up Vikings will keep Boone at guard Updated: 1 min ago The Latest on the 11th Sunday of the NFL season. (all times Eastern): 12:34 p.m. The Minnesota Vikings will keep Alex Boone at left guard in… PHOTO GALLERY: Snow hits WNY Updated: 4 mins ago (WIVB)- News 4 viewers sent in photos from the first snow of the season in WNY. Smartphone and tablet users, click here to see the photo gal… Kanye West rants about Beyoncé before cutting concert short Updated: 1 min ago 4 from NY among 32 Americans named as Rhodes Scholars Updated: 2 mins ago ‘Fantastic Beasts’ spins magic, ‘Billy Lynn’s’ tanks Updated: 1 min ago Weather Weather Today’s Forecast 7-Day Forecast Radar Current Conditions Satellite Weather Blog Fall Foliage Free Weather App Alerts Closings Marine Forecast Canada Current Conditions 32° F Overcast Feels Like: 22° F Wind: W 15 Humidity: 82% Dewpoint: 27° F Sunrise: 7:13 AM Sunset: 4:47 PM Buffalo Weather Forecast 7-Day Currently Buffalo Radar Sponsored by: News 4 Investigates News 4 Investigates Investigations Inside The Epidemic Your Food Dicey Dining Latest Headlines Agents in the air help protect the border November 15, 2016 Special Report Look up the next you visit one of Western New York’s landmarks, and there’s a chance you’ll see federal agents in the air. U.S. Customs and … Love Canal lawsuits continue 40 years later October 31, 2016 The fight over one of America’s worst hazardous waste sites may be far from over. Nearly forty years after tons of toxic waste poisoned part… WNY Family fighting for domestic violence registry October 5, 2016 EPA plans next phase of creek clean-up September 7, 2016 State audit critical of nursing home enforcement procedures August 10, 2016 Sports Sports Buffalo Bills News 4 in London Buffalo Sabres UB Bulls Buffalo Bandits Buffalo Bisons High School Scholar Athletes Super Bowl 50 Latest Headlines Here is the Illinois Scorecard from The Associated Press Updated: 9 mins ago SATURDAY’S GAMES NATIONAL BASKETBALL ASSOCIATION Los Angeles Clippers 102, Chicago 95 NATIONAL HOCKEY LEAGUE St. Louis 3, Nashville 1 Chicag… St. Francis (Pa.) beats D-III Chatham 119-59 Updated: 9 mins ago LORETTO, Pa. (AP) — Andre Wolford made 3 of 6 from 3-point range and scored 17 points in 16 minutes to help St. Francis (Pa.) beat Division … Parks, Dawson help Northridge hold off N. Illinois 84-82 Updated: 9 mins ago UNLV holds off Cal State Fullerton 77-68 Updated: 8 mins ago Durham leads Bakersfield past Santa Barbara 77-70 Updated: 8 mins ago Report It Watch Live Watch News 4 Now The CW23 TV Listings More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Healthy Living Company Listings Events Calendar Contests Community Fun 4 Families Staff Bios Careers Broadcast Scholarship Fall Festivals Company Listings Search for: Search the site 32° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 28° F Australia takes delivery of first P-8A anti-submarine jet The Associated Press Published: November 15, 2016, 11:14 pm Updated: November 16, 2016, 12:04 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Australia’s prime minister on Wednesday took delivery of the air force’s first Boeing P-8A surveillance and anti-submarine aircraft which will take a front-line role in preventing asylum seekers from reaching the Australian coast by boat. The Royal Australian Air Force will receive 12 of the modified Boeing 737 jets by March 2020 for 5 billion Australian dollars ($3.8 billion). The plane will take over the coastal surveillance role that the Lockheed P-3 Orion has carried out since 1968. “These aircraft will be absolutely critical elements in the work of Australia’s border protection forces … ensuring that we can continue to say that it is only the Australian government that determines who comes to Australia,” Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull told reporters at the Canberra air force base. Australia expects a new wave of asylum seekers to come from Indonesia by boat after a weekend announcement that the United States had agreed to resettle up to 1,600 refugees who have languished at Australia’s expense for up to three years in Pacific island camps. Australia refuses to resettle any refugee who has arrived by boat since the date the tough policy was announced on July 19, 2013. Australia pays Nauru and Papua New Guinea to house boat arrivals from Africa, Middle East and Asia. No people smuggling operation has successfully delivered asylum seekers to Australia by boat since July 2014, but the navy has turned back 29 boats to Indonesia. Australia has increased air and sea surveillance between Australia and Indonesia to ensure that any new smuggling attempt was intercepted. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WIVB.com provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Note: Comments containing links are not allowed. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Latest Stories Trending Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WIVB News 4 Buffalo, NY © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Local News Weather Investigative Sports Report It Watch News 4 Live Station Contact Us Send a Birthday Photo Advertise Careers Internship Application Broadcast Scholarship Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Programming Report More Free Mobile Apps Text Alerts Email Newsletters Calendar Contests Community Staff Bios Our Partners CW23 WNLO Media General CBS CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy The Missing Debate Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations On I.T. The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express El Tiempo Latino Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2016 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments 0 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it World Australia takes delivery of first P-8A anti-submarine jet The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Associated Press November 15 CANBERRA, Australia — Australia’s prime minister on Wednesday took delivery of the air force’s first Boeing P-8A surveillance and anti-submarine aircraft which will take a front-line role in preventing asylum seekers from reaching the Australian coast by boat. The Royal Australian Air Force will receive 12 of the modified Boeing 737 jets by March 2020 for 5 billion Australian dollars ($3.8 billion). The plane will take over the coastal surveillance role that the Lockheed P-3 Orion has carried out since 1968. “These aircraft will be absolutely critical elements in the work of Australia’s border protection forces ... ensuring that we can continue to say that it is only the Australian government that determines who comes to Australia,” Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull told reporters at the Canberra air force base. Australia expects a new wave of asylum seekers to come from Indonesia by boat after a weekend announcement that the United States had agreed to resettle up to 1,600 refugees who have languished at Australia’s expense for up to three years in Pacific island camps. Australia refuses to resettle any refugee who has arrived by boat since the date the tough policy was announced on July 19, 2013. Australia pays Nauru and Papua New Guinea to house boat arrivals from Africa, Middle East and Asia. No people smuggling operation has successfully delivered asylum seekers to Australia by boat since July 2014, but the navy has turned back 29 boats to Indonesia. Australia has increased air and sea surveillance between Australia and Indonesia to ensure that any new smuggling attempt was intercepted. Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. world Get 2016 Olympics updates by email Our best news and analysis from Rio, delivered to your inbox. post_newsletter333 magnet-olympics2016 false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters world Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 0 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 0 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Pentagon and intelligence community chiefs have urged Obama to remove the head of the NSA 2 Jeff Sessions is expected to bring sweeping changes to the Justice Department 3 Say goodbye to ‘Americanos’ in Putin’s Russia — at least for now 4 In the era of Brexit and Trump, France’s presidential front-runner starts to worry 5 Fearing Trump’s wall, Central Americans rush to cross the U.S. border Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Daily Crossword Word game world Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2016 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
null
Subscribe to our free Breaking News newsletters Home News Sharemarket News Daily Market Energy Going Forex Archive Investor Interviews Investor Reports Markets Forex Markets Finance TV Boardroom Radio Unlisted Bonds Blogs IRG Investing First Steps Find a Broker Ask a Broker Scams Investment Offers Books Glossary Archives Finance TV About Contact Qantas may target 'premium economy' segment in Dreamliners due next year Wednesday 16th November 2016 Text too small? Qantas Airways' International boss Gareth Evans says the new Dreamliner Boeing 787-9 aircraft due in October next year will include “brand new premium economy”, pitching seats at the growing market between economy and business class.  Speaking at a Trans-Tasman Business Circle lunch in Auckland today, Evans said the new premium economy seat hadn’t been announced yet but would be world leading. “It’s been built in conjunction with the University of Sydney – ergonomics, wellness, sleep research, very much focused on rest,” he said. The Australian airline, which celebrated its 96th birthday today, deferred its initial order in December 2005 for 45 Dreamliners while it struggled with poor performance from its international division. Last year it announced an order for eight of the aircraft to replace its ageing Boeing 747-400 fleet and Evans said the new aircraft opens opportunities for ultra long-haul flights such as Perth to London (7,839 nautical miles), Melbourne to Dallas (7,814 nm), and Sydney to Chicago (8,022nm). Currently, 30 percent of Qantas's seats are business and premium economy, a segment where it competes with Air New Zealand and Singapore Airlines for fares with add-ons such as extra seat width, more recline or a bigger TV screen.  Evans runs the international division which includes trans-Tasman flights and Jetstar’s operations within New Zealand. He was previously group chief financial officer, a role he described as "character building" until around 18 months ago when its transformation restructuring programme started to deliver faster-than-expected returns. It posted an A$1.5 billion profit before tax in August, the best in its history,and resumed paying dividends after a seven-year hiatus. Airlines executives are cagey about releasing figures for the highly competitive trans-Tasman route and typically revenue isn't broken out in their accounts. Evans said Qantas had helped bring “competitive tension” within New Zealand and also on the trans-Tasman route where it had grown services and capacity by 10 percent over the past year. The tourism boom has sparked overall demand up 7 percent on the Tasman over the past 12 to 18 months “which in a big market is incredible”, he said. Qantas now flies 11 routes between the two countries and is about to start direct flights from Christchurch to Melbourne early next month. Qantas also partners with American Airlines which this year started direct flights on the lucrative Auckland-Los Angeles route in direct competition to Air New Zealand and that was “performing extremely strongly”, he said. About 30 percent of tourists from the US want to visit New Zealand as well as Australia. “We have seen great patronage from the New Zealand public of that service, great awareness, and also a huge leverage of the American distribution system up there to increase awareness and penetration of travellers coming out of the US to New Zealand.” Evans said there’s huge opportunity for both Australia and New Zealand from rising tourist numbers in Asia. In China alone there were 435 million flights in, out, and within the country this year and within ten years that’s going to be 1.3 billion trips. Today in Asia Pacific there are 1.3 billion passengers and by 2035 that will be 3.1 billion, he said. “We in Australia and New Zealand are brilliantly placed to take advantage of this huge world growth in travel and tourism because it is going to happen on our doorstep, in our region. Asia Pacific will be almost half of the global market and bigger than North America and Europe combined.” The aim was to double the current 1 percent of Chinese outbound tourists (1 million) that currently visit Australia annually by being smart about marketing, having the right links through its partnership with China Eastern, and through the government making it easier for them to visit through better visa processing, he said. When asked what disruptive technology Qantas saw coming to aviation, Evans said management spend a lot of time thinking about that and recently met Uber management “which scared the pants off us and inspired us”, he said. He doesn’t think the aviation industry is likely to get “fully Uberised” because of the amount of regulation and safety considerations but there was potential in the distribution space for airlines to be disintermediated. "You could have Apple or Google or Uber flights where those companies bring technology to leverage their data and brands and rob the airlines of their brands – that’s a potential threat to the industry”, he said. BusinessDesk.co.nz Comments from our readers No comments yet Add your comment: Your name: Your email: Not displayed to the public Comment: Comments to Sharechat go through an approval process. Comments which are defamatory, abusive or in some way deemed inappropriate will not be approved. It is allowable to use some form of non-de-plume for your name, however we recommend real email addresses are used. Comments from free email addresses such as Gmail, Yahoo, Hotmail, etc may not be approved. Anti-spam verification: Type the text you see in the image into the field below. You are asked to do this in order to verify that this enquiry is not being performed by an automated process.   Printable version Related News TPP countries gang up on US, talk 'TPP-minus-1' Ports of Auckland does deal with KiwiRail as Centreport slapped with exclusion zone NZ dollar dips below 70 US cents, as market adjusts to Trump, seen falling to 66 cts MARKET CLOSE: NZ shares rise, led by Auckland Airport, Ryman Health while Kathmandu drops MTF lifts full-year sales, underlying profit falls as market share slips Tenon shareholders approve sale of US business, allowing $100M capital return NZ consumer confidence rises to 19-month high, indicating robust economy Wgtn's waterfront PwC Centre project unscathed in earthquake Guy announces $5 mln primary sector support package for quake-affected upper South Island Kathmandu forecasts first-half profit will match last year; shares fall Recent News: 18 Nov, 4:55pm MTF lifts full-year sales, underlying profit falls as market share slips 18 Nov, 2:55pm Tenon shareholders approve sale of US business, allowing $100M capital return 18 Nov, 1:30pm NZ consumer confidence rises to 19-month high, indicating robust economy 18 Nov, 1:00pm Wgtn's waterfront PwC Centre project unscathed in earthquake 18 Nov, 12:45pm Guy announces $5 mln primary sector support package for quake-affected upper South Island 18 Nov, 12:30pm Kathmandu forecasts first-half profit will match last year; shares fall 18 Nov, 11:55am Cooks Global to raise up to $10M selling convertible notes to wholesale investors 18 Nov, 11:50am Seadragon 1H loss widens to $3.4mn as it continues transformation to Omega-3 production FREE Sharemarket News by email Please select which newsletter(s) you wish to subscribe to: News Alerts Daily Summary (After the Bell) IPOs & Capital Raisings Sign up Unsubscribe/Update » All our newsletters are FREE to subscribe to and you can unsubscribe at any time. © Copyright 1997-2016 MoneyOnline Ltd & Investment Research Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved | Website design by 96black News Markets Blogs Investing About Contact Subscribe to our free Breaking News newsletters See IRG research reports
null
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home E-Eagle Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Eagle+ Sign In Eagle Store Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services About Us News News Crime & Courts Local Databases Education Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Finger on the Weather Prairie Politics Sports Sports Wichita State Chiefs High Schools K-State Kansas Outdoors Royals State Colleges Wingnuts NBC baseball Blogs & Columnists Bob Lutz Jayhawk Dispatch K-Stated Lutz Blog Michael Pearce Shockwaves Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Agribusiness Aviation Banking Health Care Small Business Blogs & Columnists Air Capital Insider Business Casual Business Perspectives Carrie Rengers Living Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Religion Travel Blogs & Columnists Annie Calovich Suzanne Tobias Entertainment Entertainment The Arts Books Celebrities Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Restaurants Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Dining with Denise Movie Maniac Opinion Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Blogs & Columnists Richard Crowson Now Consider This Opinion Line Obituaries Classifieds Classifieds Apartments and Rentals Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Jobs Legal Notices Public Notices Merchandise Pets Service Directory Place An Ad Place An Ad Merchandise Jobs Cars Homes Apartments Other Categories Classified Support Center Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Local Deals Aviation November 15, 2016 8:11 PM Boeing consolidating defense, space operations By Jerry Siebenmark jsiebenmark@wichitaeagle.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Boeing will consolidate its Defense, Space and Security business, reducing facility space and closing sites in two states. Leanne Caret, a Derby native and Defense, Space and Security chief executive, said in a Boeing news release Tuesday the consolidation is driven by a need to win more business and make the most of its operations and employees. The consolidation includes reducing facilities space by 4.5 million square feet, moving employees from one site to another – Los Angeles County gains 1,600 positions while St. Louis and Huntsville, Ala., will add 500 and 400 positions, respectively – and closing operations in El Paso, Texas, and Newington, Va. “Making better use of our facilities will enhance efficiency and promote greater collaboration,” Caret said. Jerry Siebenmark: 316-268-6576, @jsiebenmark Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Aviation Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 4:45 Baby Sophia found alive and healthy in Dallas Pause 7:00 Wichita Police Chief Gordon Ramsay on finding baby Sophia 2:17 'Our main concern right now is to locate and safely return' infant to family 3:13 'We're pleading ... help us find baby Sophia' 2:02 Adoption completes emotional year-long journey 6:18 Bill Snyder on K-State win over Baylor 3:55 When a 5.8 magnitude earthquake shakes right under your house 2:12 Arrows for Addison 3:10 Wichita State forwards come up big in win over Tulsa 0:35 White Barn debuts at Bradley Fair and Bath and Body Works reopens Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 10 days ago Textron AirLand Scorpion in the air 1:35 10 days ago Textron AirLand Scorpion in the air 1:18 14 days ago Cessna Citation Longitude test pilot 0:45 15 days ago B-29 Doc lands at Eisenhower Airport for the first time View more video Aviation Cessna Denali work could mean more jobs for local supplier Boeing consolidating defense, space operations United changes up big Boeing 737 order Domestic flight cancellations hit all-time low With new pipeline, Spirit increases use of recycled water Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Eagle Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Newsletters Advertising Information Digital Advertising Rates Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Times Community News Daily Pilot News More than 2,000 Boeing jobs moving out of Huntington Beach File photo | Los Angeles Times Boeing plans to move more than 2,000 jobs from its Huntington Beach facility, pictured, to other plants, including in Seal Beach, by 2020. Boeing plans to move more than 2,000 jobs from its Huntington Beach facility, pictured, to other plants, including in Seal Beach, by 2020. (File photo | Los Angeles Times) Ben BrazilContact Reporter Boeing will move more than 2,000 jobs from its Huntington Beach facility to other plants, including in Seal Beach, by 2020 as part of a move toward efficiency, the company announced Tuesday. About 1,600 jobs will be moved to Los Angeles County, 300 will be transferred to Seal Beach and an additional 500 will go to a St. Louis facility, Boeing said in a news release. Some positions will be transferred to sites in El Segundo, Long Beach and Huntsville, Ala. The transfers will occur slowly over the four-year period, spokeswoman Tiffany Pitts said. "In order to push ourselves farther and win more business, we need to make the most of our resources and talent," said Leanne Caret, president and chief executive of the company's Defense, Space and Security unit. "These steps will help us be a stronger partner for our customers worldwide." Boeing is one of the largest employers in Huntington Beach. The facility, which currently has about 5,000 employees, will continue to operate after the transfers. Pitts said most people who are working in the Huntington Beach facility now will transfer while others will be laid off. As part of the plan, Boeing will scale down many of its facilities, including the Huntington Beach site, by a total of 4.5 million square feet. Several positions in Kent, Wash., will be moved to a nearby plant in Tukwila. Facilities in El Paso, Texas, and Newington, Va., will be closed. The site where the Huntington Beach facility sits was once the home of aerospace company McDonnell Douglas. That plant helped build the Saturn V rocket that astronauts flew to the moon. Boeing purchased McDonnell Douglas in 1997. According to Boeing, some of America's most important space vehicles and platforms were developed on the site, including NASA space shuttles and the Delta rockets used by the military. benjamin.brazil@latimes.com Twitter: @benbrazilpilot Copyright © 2016, Daily Pilot Costa Mesa to look at College Park housing plans Enforcement questions add frustration to fear for neighbors of crime-plagued Talbert Regional Park Gunwhale microbrewery focuses on 'coastal ales,' bold beers with a strong vibe Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics L.A. Auto Show Opinion Place An Ad 60°
Sun, 13 November 2016 Travel News Asia Special Deals and Promotions - New! Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email HD Video Interviews Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ Special Offers Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News Emirates Moves to All Airbus A380 and Boeing 777 Fleet Emirates has retired the last Airbus A330 and A340 aircraft in its fleet from active service.  This makes Emirates the first and only airline in the world to operate a fleet of all Airbus A380 and Boeing 777 aircraft for its passenger flights. Emirates recently retired A6-EAK from operational service. The aircraft was the last of the 29 Airbus A330 aircraft that had been operating as part of its fleet. A6-EAK joined Emirates in 2002 and had flown for over 60,000 hours travelling close to 45 million kilometres in 14.5 years. That distance is equivalent to almost 60 return journeys between the earth and the moon.  Emirates has also phased out A6-ERN, the last serving Airbus A340 in the fleet which had joined the airline in 2004, originally manufactured in 1999. Since January 2015, Emirates has retired 18 A330 and 5 A340 aircraft from its fleet. The average age of the Airbus A330 and A340 aircraft phased out from the fleet is 16.5 years - a figure which is well below the industry standard retirement age of 25 years. In addition to the aircraft that have been retired from active service since January 2015, Emirates plans to further phase out some 25 aircraft over the course of 2017 and 2018 to ensure that the operating fleet remains modern and efficient while offering customers a higher level of comfort and safety. The retirement of older aircraft is balanced by the induction of younger, more modern aircraft into the fleet. This has resulted in Emirates operating one of the youngest fleets in the industry with an average age of 5.2 years.  The two youngest aircraft in the fleet - Emirates’ 85th A380 - the first of the new generation A380 aircraft delivered in October 2016 and Emirates’ 125th Boeing 777-300ER - are less than 2 weeks old.  Emirates’ fleet of all Airbus A380 and Boeing 777 aircraft will also have a smaller environmental impact as both aircraft types have better fuel efficiency and emissions performance than the retired aircraft. For the calendar year 2016 Emirates will have taken delivery of 36 new aircraft - 20 Airbus A380s and 16 Boeing 777. This also includes the next generation Boeing 777-300ER aircraft - with upgraded business class seats and other features including a lower fuel burn ratio - to be delivered from November 2016. Emirates is currently the largest operator of the Airbus A380 and Boeing 777 aircraft with 85 Airbus A380s and 160 Boeing 777s in its fleet.  Out of the 234 aircraft worth over US$ 112 billion that Emirates has in its order book, 150 will be the new Boeing 777X aircraft that will be delivered starting 2020. The aircraft will feature a range of passenger focused amenities on board including larger windows, higher ceiling, and a wider cabin in addition to being more fuel efficient than older aircraft. See other recent news regarding: Emirates, Boeing, A380. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet PAL First in World to Use Sabre AirVision Analytics Peach Aviation Orders 13 Aircraft SITA Global Services Appoints SVP Accor Completes John Paul Acquisition Capella Signs Luxury Resort in Ubud, Bali SITA Appoints VP Sales Northern Europe H135 Gets EASA Cert for Helionix Avionics Suite Gillette Sponsors British & Irish Lions SITA to Upgrade Tech at Airport in Manila AAPA Assembly of Presidents in Manila Etihad and HK Airlines Expand Codeshare Rosewood Hotel to Open in Hong Kong in 2018 China's First Park Inn by Radisson Hotel Opens HKIA Reports Pax and Cargo Growth ibis Styles Bogor Raya Opens in West Java Sean Menke Now Exec Advisor for Federal Board 595,213 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in APAC Seven Seas Voyager Completes Refurbishment Cyberbit to Protect Samsung SDS Customers Ascott's Portfolio at 52,000+ Units Air BP Expands to Indonesia with AKR JV Synergy Aerospace Orders 12 ATRs Neuroscience at Corinthia Hotel London Delta Launches Bag Tracking Updates Boeing to Consolidate Defense/Space Sites 153,206 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in EU IHG Signs 520-Room Holiday Inn in Dubai Dortmund Airport to Enhance Operations Emirates's New Gen A380s and B777s Prof Wall to Receive UNWTO Ulysses Prize SIA and Lufthansa Expand Partnership Peppers Kings Square Hotel Opens in Perth Cebu Pacific Receives 2nd ATR 72-600HC Ritz-Carlton Signs First Hotel in New Zealand Stephen Hobson to Join Mantra as CFO Fly365 Implements Travelport Technology Tourism Industry Must Fight Climate Change Jet Edge Partners Shangri-La Make Infrastructure a Priority says IATA Smiths Detection's Aviation Insider Paolo Collavini Joins Tivano as Chef LDS Launches Drone-Based Detection Mexico's Aeromar Orders 8 ATR Aircraft Asia's First Crest Collection Property Cebu Pacific's Net Income Doubles Etihad to Develop A380 MRO Services Exec Appointments at JLL Hotels APAC Solomon Islands and Kiribati Sign ASA Royal Air Maroc Tests Baggage Robot Elbit's New Anti-Drone Protection System ABC Airlines Reports 13th Year of Growth Ascott Signs Eight New Serviced Residences Elbit Systems CVS Receives Certification Emirates Moves to All A380 and B777 Fleet Vietjet Launches Bangkok - Hai Phong Korean Air Volunteers Help Residents of Chiang Dao Peter Seah to Succeed Stephen Lee as Chairman of SIA HK Airlines Launches Daily Auckland Flights Boeing Names New President of Defense and Space Devel. MMA: Eduard Folayang Becomes World Champion Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH KSL to Acquire Outrigger Hotels SIA Delays S'pore-Jakarta-Sydney Swiss-Belexpress Opens in Kuta, Bali Air Astana Takes Delivery of A320neo Amadeus Launches cytric Travel & Expense in Asia Chatrium Hotel Royal Lake Yangon Appoints DOSM ATR at UN Climate Change Conference COP22 Anantara to Take Over Luxury Resort in Portugal JW Marriott and DJI Launch Drone Experience Program 956m Tourists in First Nine Months of 2016 Hong Kong Donates Rugby Kit to Fiji ANZ Signs 8-Year APU Deal with Honeywell PNG Air Orders Five ATR 72-600s One Championship Appoints President Japan YYC Calgary Airport Enhances Travel Experience LG G5 Rollout of Android 7.0 Nougat Huawei Launches Mate 9 Smartphone Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand Resumes Executive Appointments at CWT AirAsia Launches 'Fly Smarter' Campaign in AU Solomon Islands Reports Rise in Arrivals Bombardier Global 7000 (FTV1) Takes Off Portman Ritz-Carlton Shanghai Appoints GM Major Network Expansion for Air Seychelles Spa & Wellness at Nanuku Auberge Fiji Pictures of Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Finnair to Launch Flights to Astana Luxury Helicopter Adventures of Bhutan Show More Travel News SHTM's MicroMasters in Hospitality Management Concur Analyses Airbnb Booking Trends Global Air Freight Demand Rises 6.1% Turkish Adds Magic to Inflight Safety Video HG Travel Rebrands as Asia DMC Singapore Airlines Reports H1 Results Delta to Launch New Premium Economy Guggenheim Presents New Art from China Japan to Enhance Border Security Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong Rebrands Putrajaya to Host Powerman Duathlon Donghai Airlines Orders Five B787-9s Qatar Launches B787 Flights to Clark, Phils Etihad's New Business Class Amenity Kits Delta Air Lines Partners Airbnb Hahn Air Appoints Vice President TMC Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Finalists Garuda Reports Q3 Net Income of US$19.6m Boeing Business Jets Unveils BBJ MAX 7 Airbus Reports New ACJ320neo Order Vietjet Launches Hanoi - Taipei and Hanoi - Hue Wyndham Opens Two Hotels on Jeju Island British & Irish Lions Unveil New Jersey AirBridgeCargo Adds Heathrow to Network Finnair Partners Chef Eero Vottonen HIA in Doha Takes Delivery of New Audis Concur Appoints Mike Eberhard as President Captain Paul Morell to Retire from American Qatar Launches A350 Flights to London Honeywell's Business Aviation Outlook Asia Aviation Capital Appoints CCO England Wins Bid to Host 2021 Rugby League World Cup Qatar Launches Transit Visa Scheme Etihad Receives CASA Approval in Australia Spirit AeroSystems Extends GKN Deals Special Deals and Promotions - New! Japan's GOPPAR Hits ¥12,512 in 2015 Sabre Launches AirVision Revenue Optimizer Zetta Jet to Expand Fleet with Four C650s BA and QR Expand Codeshare Network More Efficient Air Cargo Facilitation Hyatt to Launch New Loyalty Programme Qatar Increases Flights to Saudi Arabia RevPAR Growth for Hotels in Mexico ATR to Exhibit at Zhuhai Airshow Ritz-Carlton Beijing Appoints GM Delta Now Offers Wi-Fi on Long-Haul Fleet Croatia Joins Sustainable Tourism Observatories Private Island in Fiji Appoints Exec Chef Onyx Signs Three Amari Hotels in Laos Finnair to Suspend Helsinki - Chongqing APAC Airlines Carried 23.5m Int Pax in Sept Skylens Wearable HUD on ATR-72/42 MHG Opens Mountain Resort in Oman Q3 RevPAR Increase for Hotels in Canada Tony Fernandes Named CEO of Year UPS Orders 14 Boeing 747-8 Freighters ATR Launches Cadet Pilot Program Sleep with Six Senses The Strand Yangon to Reopen 15 November Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Premium Domain Names for Sale Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News PAL First to Use Sabre AirVision Analytics Peach Aviation Orders 13 Airbus Aircraft SITA Global Services Appoints SVP Accor Completes John Paul Acquisition Capella Signs Luxury Resort in Ubud, Bali SITA Appoints VP Sales Northern Europe H135 Gets EASA Cert for Helionix Avionics Gillette Sponsors British & Irish Lions SITA to Upgrade Tech at Airport in Manila AAPA Assembly of Presidents in Manila Etihad and HK Airlines Expand Codeshare Rosewood Hotel to Open in HK in 2018 China's First Park Inn by Radisson Opens HKIA Reports Pax and Cargo Growth ibis Styles Bogor Raya Opens in West Java Sean Menke Now Exec Advisor for Fed Board 595,213 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in AP Seven Seas Voyager Completes Refurbishment Cyberbit to Protect Samsung SDS Customers Ascott's Portfolio at 52,000+ Units Air BP Expands to Indonesia with AKR JV Synergy Aerospace Orders 12 ATRs Neuroscience at Corinthia Hotel London Delta Launches Bag Tracking Updates Boeing to Consolidate Defense/Space Sites 153,206 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in EU IHG Signs 520-Room Holiday Inn in Dubai Dortmund Airport to Enhance Operations Emirates's New Gen A380s and B777s Prof Wall to Receive UNWTO Ulysses Prize SIA and Lufthansa Expand Partnership Peppers Kings Square Hotel Opens in Perth Cebu Pacific Receives 2nd ATR 72-600HC Ritz-Carlton Signs First Hotel in New Zealand Stephen Hobson to Join Mantra as CFO Fly365 Implements Travelport Technology Tourism Industry Must Fight Climate Change Jet Edge Partners Shangri-La Make Infrastructure a Priority says IATA Smiths Detection's Aviation Insider Paolo Collavini Joins Tivano as Chef LDS Launches Drone-Based Detection Mexico's Aeromar Orders 8 ATR Aircraft Asia's First Crest Collection Property Cebu Pacific's Net Income Doubles Etihad to Develop A380 MRO Services Exec Appointments at JLL Hotels APAC Solomon Islands and Kiribati Sign ASA Royal Air Maroc Tests Baggage Robot Elbit's New Anti-Drone Protection System ABC Airlines Reports 13th Year of Growth Ascott Signs Eight New Serviced Residences Elbit Systems CVS Receives Certification Emirates Moves to All A380 and B777 Fleet Vietjet Launches Bangkok - Hai Phong Korean Air Volunteers Help Residents of Chiang Dao Peter Seah to Succeed Stephen Lee as Chairman of SIA HK Airlines Launches Daily Auckland Flights Boeing Names New President of Defense and Space Devel. MMA: Eduard Folayang Becomes World Champion Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH KSL to Acquire Outrigger Hotels SIA Delays S'pore-Jakarta-Sydney Swiss-Belexpress Opens in Kuta, Bali Air Astana Takes Delivery of A320neo Amadeus Launches cytric Travel & Expense in Asia New DOSM at Chatrium Hotel Royal Lake Yangon ATR at UN Climate Change Conference Anantara to Take Over Resort in Portugal JW Marriott and DJI Launch Drone Experience Program 956m Tourists in First Nine Months of 2016 Hong Kong Donates Rugby Kit to Fiji ANZ Signs 8-Year APU Deal with Honeywell PNG Air Orders Five ATR 72-600s One Championship's New President of Japan YYC Calgary Airport Enhances Travel Experience LG G5 Rollout of Android 7.0 Nougat Huawei Launches Mate 9 Smartphone Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand Executive Appointments at CWT AirAsia Launches 'Fly Smarter' Campaign Increase in Arrivals for Solomon Islands Bombardier Global 7000 (FTV1) Takes Off Portman Ritz-Carlton Shanghai Appoints GM Major Expansion for Air Seychelles Spa & Wellness at Nanuku Auberge Fiji Finnair to Launch Flights to Astana Luxury Helicopter Adventures of Bhutan SHTM's MicroMasters in Hospitality Mgmt Concur Analyses Airbnb Booking Trends Global Air Freight Demand Rises 6.1% Turkish Adds Magic to Inflight Safety Video HG Travel Rebrands as Asia DMC Singapore Airlines Reports H1 Results Delta to Launch New Premium Economy Guggenheim Presents New Art from China Japan to Enhance Border Security Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong Rebrands Putrajaya to Host Powerman Duathlon Donghai Airlines Orders Five B787-9s Qatar Launches B787 Flights to Clark, Phils Etihad's New Business Class Amenity Kits Delta Air Lines Partners Airbnb Hahn Air Appoints Vice President TMC Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Finalists Garuda Reports Q3 Income of US$19.6m Boeing Business Jets Unveils BBJ MAX 7 Airbus Reports New ACJ320neo Order Special Deals and Promotions - New! Vietjet Launches HAN - Taipei and Hue Flights Wyndham Opens Two Hotels on Jeju Island British & Irish Lions Unveil New Jersey AirBridgeCargo Adds Heathrow to Network Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH Colombian Chef in Singapore HD Video Interview & Podcast HD Videos from Travel Technology Exchange HD Videos from JATA Tourism Expo 2016 Pictures from 2016 Hong Kong Sevens Videos from ASEAN Tourism Forum 2016 Philippine Airlines HD Video Interview with President & COO HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Special Deals and Promotions - Direct Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Diving in Asia Domain Names for Sale Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services National Holidays Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel Awards - Vote! Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | ASIA Travel Tips.com Copyright © 1997-2016 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2016 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 34° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sun and clouds mixed. High 47F. Winds N at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 29F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 8:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell U.S. Business Close 1 of 3 Richard Drew A pair of traders work in their booth on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Trader Luke Scanlon, left, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Specialists John O'hara, left, and David Haubner work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) AP Energy companies lead indexes higher as oil price soars By MARLEY JAY AP Markets Writer Nov 15, 2016 (…) Richard Drew A pair of traders work in their booth on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Trader Luke Scanlon, left, works on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) Richard Drew Specialists John O'hara, left, and David Haubner work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange, Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. U.S. stocks are rising Tuesday as the price of oil soars, sending energy companies higher. (AP Photo/Richard Drew) NEW YORK (AP) — U.S. stocks climbed Tuesday as the price of oil made its biggest jump in seven months and energy companies rose with it. Technology stocks like Microsoft and Google's parent Alphabet traded higher and bond yields slipped, a break with the pattern since last week's election. Oil rose almost 6 percent as investors once again grew hopeful that the OPEC cartel will agree to cut fuel production in a few weeks. Companies like utilities and telecom service providers climbed as bond yields fell slightly after a week of large gains. Airlines rose after Warren Buffett made a surprise investment in three carriers. "The market somehow decided 'let's give the Trump presidency a chance," said John DeClue, chief investment officer for U.S. Bank's private client reserve. However DeClue said the bond market could struggle with Trump in the White House: if taxes are cut and government spending rises sharply, that could lead to climbing deficits that would trouble investors in U.S. government debt. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 54.37 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,923.06, as those gains were partly held back by losses for retailer Home Depot and aerospace company Boeing. The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 16.19 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,180.39. The Nasdaq composite added 57.22 points, or 1.1 percent, to 5,275.62. Energy companies like Exxon Mobil and Occidental Petroleum made large gains as the price of oil rose by the largest amount since early April. At least for a day, investors were hopeful that the nations of OPEC will be able to hammer out a deal to cut oil production, which would boost prices. OPEC agreed to a preliminary deal in September but still have to work out important details. Benchmark U.S. crude gained $2.49, or 5.7 percent, to $45.81 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose $2.52, or 5.7 percent, to $46.95 a barrel in London. Exxon rose $1.54, or 1.8 percent, to $86.82 and Apache added $4.46, or 7.6 percent, to $63.39. Tuesday's trading was a partial reversal of the moves investors have made since the presidential election one week ago. Tech stocks have been losing ground recently, but Microsoft picked up $1.14, or 2 percent, to $58.87 and graphics processor maker Nvidia rose $2.55, or 3 percent, to $86.19. Bond prices edged higher, sending long-term interest rates slightly lower. Bond prices had fallen sharply since the election over worries that President-elect Donald Trump's spending plans would lead to higher inflation. That had sent yields to their highest levels this year. But the yield on the 10-year Treasury note declined to 2.23 percent from 2.27 percent. Companies that pay large dividends, like phone companies, also changed course and rose. However the dollar continued to get stronger and reached its highest level in almost a year. It rose to 109.32 yen from 108.51 yen. The euro slid to $1.0718 from $1.0726. Billionaire investor Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway bought stock in United Continental, American Airlines and Delta. Buffett has avoided the volatile industry in the past, but his holding company disclosed stakes in each company in a form filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. United picked up $3.12, or 5 percent, to $66.06 and American gained $1.36, or 3.1 percent, to $44.76. Aerospace giant Boeing fell after United said that it will postpone delivery of 61 new Boeing 737 jets that it planned to buy. It will convert the orders to a new, more fuel-efficient model that Boeing calls the 737 Max. Boeing stock lost $1.88, or 1.3 percent, to $148.11. Retail sales climbed 0.8 percent in October as consumers spent more money on products including cars and home and garden supplies. Retail sales over last two months have been the strongest in more than two years, which shows consumers are still spending. The report showed continued gains for online retailers. Amazon jumped $24.17, or 3.4 percent, to $743.24 while department stores traded lower as they continued to lose sales. Equity One will combine with Regency Center in a deal that combines two real estate investment trusts that own shopping centers. The two companies have more than 400 properties, most of them anchored by grocery stores. Equity One climbed $1.90, or 6.8 percent, to $29.77 while Regency Center lost $2.95, or 4.2 percent, to $66.91. Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher See how St. Louis stocks are faring Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid Chinese e-commerce company JD.com climbed after it reported strong quarterly results. The company also said it might reorganize its JD Finance unit, which runs its internet finance business. JD.com said expects to sell its stake in the company and that JD Finance will be owned solely by Chinese investors. The stock climbed $2.70, or 11.4 percent, to $26.41. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 6 cents, or 4.5 percent, to $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 6 cents, or 4.2 percent, to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas lost 4 cents to $2.71 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose $2.80 to $1,224.50 an ounce. Silver picked up 15 cents to $17.04 an ounce, while copper gave up 2 cents to $2.51 a pound. Britain's FTSE 100 index rose 0.6 percent and the CAC-40 in France was also 0.6 percent higher. Germany's DAX gained 0.4 percent. Seoul's Kospi shed 0.3 percent and the Nikkei 225 in Japan finished little changed. Hong Kong's Hang Seng gained 0.5 percent. ____ AP Markets Writer Marley Jay can be reached at http://twitter.com/MarleyJayAP His work can be found at http://bigstory.ap.org/journalist/marley-jay Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Tags Business General News Prices Oil And Gas Industry Consumer Spending Economy Currency Markets Stock Markets Leading Economic Indicators Energy Industry Financial Markets Commodity Markets Retail And Wholesale Sector Performance Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Technology Financial Performance Corporate News Government Finance Government Business And Finance Government And Politics Economic Policy Government Policy Aerospace And Defense Industry Information Technology Industrial Products And Services Locations United States East Asia North America Asia View (…) comments Most popular Boeing moving 500 jobs to St. Louis Kroenke out as Maryland Heights goes back to drawing board on floodplain project Cardinals make case for Ballpark Village subsidy Wine storage company owner charged in St. Louis with selling liquor without license How the Trump agenda could change the way St. Louis does business Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Employer News Turn Seasonal Hires into All-Season Brand Ambassadors Latest in section Malls, retailers tweak hours as holiday shopping rush nears 4 strategies to make smart choices on holiday spending Yellen says she isn't going anywhere when Trump takes office JPMorgan Chase to pay $264 million in Chinese bribery case SpaceX takes another step toward delivering superfast Internet from space Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Stock markets Top workplaces Enter our Pigskin Picks football contest! Click here to flip through the 2016 Top Workplaces section See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ט חשון תשע"ז   |   Sunday, November 20, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Business Briefs – November 15, 2016 Business Briefs – November 15, 2016 Tuesday, November 15, 2016 at 8:03 pm | י"ד חשון תשע"ז U.S. Retail Sales Jump 0.8 Pct. In Sign of Consumer Health WASHINGTON (AP) – American consumers ramped up their spending last month in a sign of robust health heading into the crucial end-of-year shopping season. Retail sales rose 0.8 percent in October, after an upwardly-revised 1 percent gain in September, the Commerce Department said Tuesday. The two-month increase was the largest since the spring of 2014. The numbers suggest that the economy may grow more quickly in the final three months of the year than many economists had expected. Retail sales are closely watched as a sign of consumer health. Consumer spending makes up about 70 percent of the economy. Mazda Recalls Nearly 70K Cars; Fuel Leaks May Cause Fire DETROIT (AP) – Mazda is recalling almost 70,000 RX-8 sports cars in the U.S. to fix possible fuel leaks that can cause fires. The recall covers RX-8s from the 2004 through 2008 model years. Mazda says the cars have fuel pump sealing rings that can crack when exposed to engine or exhaust heat. That can allow gasoline to escape, increasing the risk of a fire. Company documents filed with the government did not mention any fires or injuries. Boeing to Cut Some Jobs, Move Others, in Efficiency Effort ST. LOUIS (AP) – Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently, the company said Tuesday. The company said it also will align Boeing Defence Australia, Boeing Defense Saudi Arabia, and Boeing Defence United Kingdom into a new global operations group. Home Depot Raises Outlook as Americans Spend on Homes ATLANTA (AP) – Home Depot, benefiting from falling unemployment, still-low mortgage rates and rising home prices, raised its outlook for the year on Tuesday as sales surged in the third quarter and customers spent more with each visit. The home improvement retailer extended its streak of strong earnings while some other retailers have struggled. But Home Depot and its rival Lowe’s have stood out, thanks in part to low mortgage rates that have led to a warming housing market and an increase in refinancing. Cholesterol Drug Shows Promise To Help Reverse Heart Disease NEW ORLEANS (AP) – For the first time, a new drug given along with a cholesterol-lowering statin medicine has proved able to shrink plaque that is clogging arteries, potentially giving a way to undo some of the damage of heart disease. The difference was very small but doctors hope it will grow with longer treatment, and any reversal or stabilization of disease would be a win for patients and a long-sought goal. The drug, Amgen Inc.’s Repatha, also drove LDL, or bad cholesterol, down to levels rarely if ever seen in people before. Print Email Gmail Related Business Briefs – August 16, 2016 Business Briefs – April 21, 2016 Business Briefs – November 8, 2016 Business Briefs – February 23, 2016 Business Briefs – March 29, 2016 Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Why the New Car Model Year Is Ahead of Time Dupont Freezes Payments to Pension Plan for 13,000 Employees U.K. Treasury Chief: Brexit Uncertainty Could Drag on Economy Wall Street Slips, Led by Healthcare Decline U.S. Stocks Slip as Health Care and Technology Take Losses OP-ED On Seeking Counsel Hillary Clinton Wasn’t The Only Big Election Loser A Common Sense Regulation Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Features Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav Life Saver Insights Into Salt Brilliant Torah Insights From Harav Yissocher Dov Rokeach, Zy”a This Day In History 17 Cheshvan/November 18 הרה”ק רבי ישכר דב מבעלזא זי”ע Sudoku – November 18, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 17 Cheshvan/November 18 Editorial Cartoon – November 18, 2016 Hot And Cold Are Dairy Fats Different? Maybe You Don’t Really Need to Drink So Much Water Every Day Brown, Blond or Red? This Day In History 16 Cheshvan/November 17 Weather » Brooklyn 41°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,321.51 -12.46 (-0.23%) S&P 500 2,181.90 -5.22 (-0.24%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9443 GBP 0.8098 ILS 3.8851 CHF 1.0099 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
X Close World Home > News > World < Back to SMG 45 Friday, 18 November 2016 | MYT 5:10 AM U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran by patricia zengerle WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill on Thursday that would block the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, a bid to stop sales by Boeing and Airbus that have already been approved by President Barack Obama's administration. The bill passed the Republican-led House by 243-174 largely along party lines. Eight Democrats joined Republicans in favour. All 174 "no" votes were from Democrats. The measure would bar U.S. Treasury Department from issuing licenses that U.S. banks would need to finance sales of commercial aircraft, the latest in a series of efforts by congressional Republicans to counteract the international nuclear deal between Iran, the United States and other world powers. The deals by Airbus and Boeing to sell or lease over 200 jets to IranAir would help modernize and expand the country's elderly fleet, held together by smuggled or improvised parts after years of sanctions. Although Airbus is based in France, it must have the U.S. Treasury Department's approval for the sale because at least 10 percent of the aircraft's components are American-made. Some members of Congress have raised concerns that killing the sale could cost jobs. But opponents, particularly Republicans who unanimously opposed the nuclear agreement, argue that the passenger aircraft could be used for military purposes such as transporting fighters to battle U.S. troops or allies in Syria. The measure is unlikely to become law during the current Congress. It would need to pass the Senate, where it would face stiff opposition from Democrats. And the White House said Obama would veto the measure even if it did pass the Senate. The administration believes the legislation would be a violation of the nuclear pact, in which Iran agreed to curtain its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. However, the climate for the nuclear pact could change once Republican President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Jan. 20. Trump was harshly critical of the nuclear agreement during his campaign. (Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Sandra Maler) You May Be Interested Trump considers Mattis, Romney for top national security jobs Syria foreign minister says no to east Aleppo autonomous zone Emirates crash investigation to take up to three years - regulator China says Dalai Lama's Mongolia visit could harm ties Rich world angst about foreigners threatens refugee aid - U.N. refugee chief Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Blowing away the competition India all out for 204, England need 405 to win Infosys CEO says Trump election may weigh on margins advertisement Latest News Obama, Putin speak for four minutes about Syria and Ukraine French in centre-right primary to pick presidential candidate to face Le Pen Syrian family of six among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef Obama and Putin speak at APEC summit in Lima Most Viewed in News Najib: Malaysians fed up with Bersih Toddler run over after falling out from car in Johor Maria Chin, now in solitary confinement, allowed family visit Eight arrested in pre-rallies swoop released IIUM wins Cambridge debating tournament Suhakam wants authorities to explain rally arrests The secret of China’s Genting Olympic resort Khaled: Umno facing worst-ever battle in its history Rahman Dahlan: Rising living cost due to external factors Ronnie Liu recovers after fainting at police lock-up Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran | Reuters - Firstpost CriticalPoint Just how did Donald Trump win the US elections? Firstpost F. world Front Page Politics PM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee, Congress in Agra over demonetisation Opposition climbing same tree like rats, snakes in flood: Amit Shah Agra: Narendra Modi launches affordable housing scheme, says 'every Indian to have house by 2022' Arvind Kejriwal to release AAP's 'Dalit manifesto', will address 21 rallies in Punjab State-funded elections: PM Modi must realise it's an incomplete exercise without a transparent system Naela Qadri Baloch: Those who claim to be nationalists in India should stand by Balochistan Sports Ranji Trophy: Bengal eye victory against Baroda in their 400th First-class match Ranji Trophy: Gautam Gambhir, Shikhar Dhawan set to open as desperate Delhi aim for win ISL 2016: Chennaiyin FC's second half rally helps them earn a draw against Atletico de Kolkata India vs England: Stuart Broad says he picked up bowling tricks from Zaheer Khan Cristiano Ronaldo's emotional speech: Watch Portugal captain address team after Euro 2016 win India vs England, 2nd Test, Day 4 stats wrap: From Alastair Cook's slowest fifty to Staurt Broad's rare Asian success India Patna-Indore Express train accident: Over 115 killed and more than 200 injured Indo-US ties are too dynamic, pulling back not in interest of anyone: Biswal Sharia banking: RBI proposes opening 'Islamic window' in banks We can work towards 'Make in India & Make with India': Israel President Reuven Rivlin Kashmir conflict: New sturdier fence might be the answer to mounting infiltration problems Demonetisation: Drive must have hit terrorism hard but we shouldn't ignore roots of corruption World Donald Trump set to announce new cabinet picks Donald Trump likely to be invited to Buckingham Palace by Queen Elizabeth II, says report Rebel rocket fire on west Aleppo hits school, kills 7 children: Syria state TV Arch-rivals Donald Trump and Mitt Romney meet, discusse world affairs Francois Hollande warns Donald Trump, says Paris climate agreement 'irreversible' Barack Obama, Xi Jinping hold final meet; US-China ties at 'hinge moment' Business Demonetisation: PM Modi aborted plan to calibrate ATMs for Rs 100 notes. Why? Demonetisation: India had civilisation before Modi became PM, says Chidambaram Demonetisation effect: Hungry stomachs are making poor seethe to the point of silent revolt 'Free agents' vs 'prisoners' at workplace: Nirmalya Kumar on rewards and punishments Demonetisation: What's with the fuss, let the Modi govt crackdown on black money Demonetisation: Narendra Modi risks too much by triggering a crisis for cooperative banks Life Indian American Congresswoman Pramila Jayapal's parents: 'She's interested in social justice' Slow Food: Why we need a movement to halt the advent of the fast, junk food culture Travels through the Amazon: Journeying through the rainforest, along Lima, Peru, Brazil Breastfeeding: Here's why it may be a good idea to nurse babies during vaccinations The day isn't far when India may have to import scientists: Vijnana Bharati's A Jayakumar St+Art Festival: How street art added colour to public spaces in Bengaluru, Hyderabad Entertainment Kattappanayile Rithwik Roshan review: A baby step on a dismal cinematic landscape Hymn for the weekend: Coldplay, Jay-Z and Narendra Modi thrill concertgoers at Global Citizen Festival Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them: A worthy, magical addition to the Harry Potter universe Gilmore Girls countdown: The 10 best pop culture references from the show Rekha Bhardwaj: The musical compatibility between Vishal and me is extraordinary Twinkle Khanna on being Mrs Funnybones: 'I realised that being myself was good enough' Photos Videos Demonetisation News Tech2 Faking News You are here: Latest News › World News U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran | Reuters Nov 18, 2016 02:30 IST #corrections   #facebook   #follow   #India   #newsletters   #twitter-follow   By Reuters By Patricia Zengerle | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON The U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill on Thursday that would block the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, a bid to stop sales by Boeing (BA.N) and Airbus (AIR.PA) that have already been approved by President Barack Obama's administration.The bill passed the Republican-led House by 243-174 largely along party lines. Eight Democrats joined Republicans in favour. All 174 "no" votes were from Democrats.The measure would bar U.S. Treasury Department from issuing licenses that U.S. banks would need to finance sales of commercial aircraft, the latest in a series of efforts by congressional Republicans to counteract the international nuclear deal between Iran, the United States and other world powers. The deals by Airbus and Boeing to sell or lease over 200 jets to IranAir would help modernize and expand the country's elderly fleet, held together by smuggled or improvised parts after years of sanctions. Although Airbus is based in France, it must have the U.S. Treasury Department's approval for the sale because at least 10 percent of the aircraft's components are American-made. Some members of Congress have raised concerns that killing the sale could cost jobs. But opponents, particularly Republicans who unanimously opposed the nuclear agreement, argue that the passenger aircraft could be used for military purposes such as transporting fighters to battle U.S. troops or allies in Syria. The measure is unlikely to become law during the current Congress. It would need to pass the Senate, where it would face stiff opposition from Democrats.And the White House said Obama would veto the measure even if it did pass the Senate. The administration believes the legislation would be a violation of the nuclear pact, in which Iran agreed to curtain its nuclear programme in exchange for sanctions relief. However, the climate for the nuclear pact could change once Republican President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Jan. 20. Trump was harshly critical of the nuclear agreement during his campaign. (Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Sandra Maler) This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed. First Published On : Nov 18, 2016 02:30 IST Related News Trump to hold series of meetings as he assembles new administration | Reuters Radio host Ingraham says she's being considered for White House post | Reuters Romney under 'active consideration' for U.S. Secretary of State - Pence | Reuters Gridlocked Guinea Bissau names fifth PM in a year | Reuters Comment using Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.Show Comments LIVE India Vs England Live Score IND vs ENG | Nov 17th, 2016 Live Coverage ENG 87 2 59.2 RUNS WKTS OVERS LIVE New Zealand Vs Pakistan Live Score NZ vs PAK | Nov 17th, 2016 Live Coverage NZ 108 2 31.3 RUNS WKTS OVERS Top Stories Naela Qadri Baloch: Those who claim to be nationalists in India should stand by Balochistan Meet India's 1st Woman IPS Officer to Be Put in Charge of CM's Security - News18 Demonestisation LIVE: PM Modi in Agra, assures people's sacrifices won't go in vain India vs England, 2nd Test: Hosts' well-timed strikes on Day 4 put them on path to victory Your will alone does not matter... A Will does - Moneycontrol Hymn for the weekend: Coldplay, Jay-Z and Narendra Modi thrill concertgoers at Global Citizen Festival Cricket Scores Current & Recent Upcoming Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs WI Zimbabwe tied with West Indies Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ Vs PAK New Zealand beat Pakistan by 8 wickets Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL Vs WI West Indies beat Sri Lanka by 62 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG Live Now Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 8 wickets South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS Vs SA South Africa beat Australia by an innings and 80 runs England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND Vs ENG India drew with England Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Hong Kong beat Papua New Guinea by 7 wickets (D/L method) Sri Lanka in Zimbabwe, 2 Test Series, 2016 ZIM Vs SL Sri Lanka beat Zimbabwe by 257 runs Papua New Guinea in Hong Kong, 3 ODI Series, 2016 HK Vs PNG Papua New Guinea beat Hong Kong by 14 runs Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs SL - Nov 21st, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 SL vs WI - Nov 23rd, 2016, 01:00 PM IST South Africa in Australia, 3 Test Series, 2016 AUS vs SA - Nov 24th, 2016, 09:00 AM IST Pakistan in New Zealand, 2 Test Series, 2016 NZ vs PAK - Nov 25th, 2016, 03:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 ZIM vs WI - Nov 25th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Nov 26th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST Zimbabwe Tri-Nation Series, 2016 TBC vs TBC - Nov 27th, 2016, 01:00 PM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 4th, 2016, 05:30 AM IST Chappell-Hadlee Trophy, 2016 AUS vs NZ - Dec 6th, 2016, 05:30 AM IST England in India, 5 Test Series, 2016 IND vs ENG - Dec 8th, 2016, 09:30 AM IST MORE STORIES FROM Reuters CORRECTED: Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured | Reuters Merkel's Bavarian allies welcome her decision to run for 4th term | Reuters Trump to hold series of meetings as he assembles new administration | Reuters Trump to hold series of meetings as he assembles new administration | Reuters Mali's local elections marred by protests, boycotts | Reuters View more 1 U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran | Reuters High turnout at French conservative primaries, organiser says | Reuters High turnout at French conservative primaries, organiser says | Reuters Three bombs explode at supermarket in Yangon, no dead or injured | Reuters Italy's Renzi gets backing in referendum from singers, athletes, chef | Reuters site index About FirstpostNewsletterRSSTwitterFacebook Verticals Front PageIndiaPoliticsWorldBusinessLifeBollywoodSportsTech Plus New DelhiMumbaiPhotosFP ExclusivesCartoonsVideo RoomeBooksBudget 2014Weather Others Sample Papers OnlineBusiness Technology NewsMTV IndiaOnline Shopping in IndiaThink IndiaISL 2016Worksheet for KidsUS Election 2016 Tools RSS Feeds AppsiOSAndroidWindows Copyright © 2016 Firstpost - All rights reserved Terms of use Privacy
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran By Reuters Published: 15:40 EST, 17 November 2016 | Updated: 15:40 EST, 17 November 2016 e-mail By Patricia Zengerle WASHINGTON, Nov 17 (Reuters) - The U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill on Thursday that would block the sale of commercial aircraft to Iran, a bid to stop sales by Boeing and Airbus that have already been approved by President Barack Obama's administration. The bill passed the Republican-led House by 243-174 largely along party lines. Eight Democrats joined Republicans in favor. All 174 "no" votes were from Democrats. The measure would bar U.S. Treasury Department from issuing licenses that U.S. banks would need to finance sales of commercial aircraft, the latest in a series of efforts by congressional Republicans to counteract the international nuclear deal between Iran, the United States and other world powers. The deals by Airbus and Boeing to sell or lease over 200 jets to IranAir would help modernize and expand the country's elderly fleet, held together by smuggled or improvised parts after years of sanctions. Although Airbus is based in France, it must have the U.S. Treasury Department's approval for the sale because at least 10 percent of the aircraft's components are American-made. Some members of Congress have raised concerns that killing the sale could cost jobs. But opponents, particularly Republicans who unanimously opposed the nuclear agreement, argue that the passenger aircraft could be used for military purposes such as transporting fighters to battle U.S. troops or allies in Syria. The measure is unlikely to become law during the current Congress. It would need to pass the Senate, where it would face stiff opposition from Democrats. And the White House said Obama would veto the measure even if it did pass the Senate. The administration believes the legislation would be a violation of the nuclear pact, in which Iran agreed to curtain its nuclear program in exchange for sanctions relief. However, the climate for the nuclear pact could change once Republican President-elect Donald Trump takes office on Jan. 20. Trump was harshly critical of the nuclear agreement during his campaign. (Reporting by Patricia Zengerle; Editing by Sandra Maler) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Shouldn't one prefer English tea, Meghan? Prince Harry's girlfriend is spotted bringing a new coffee machine on set as she returns to work on TV show Suits 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing the return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Enter your email Address Executive Mosaic POC Executive Biz GovCon Executive Executive Gov GovConExec GovConIndex GovConVideo GovCon Wire Your Direct Source for Government Contracting News Home Contract Awards Executive Moves Financial Report M&A Activity Press Releases Weekly Roundup Advertise About GovConIndex Home / Press Releases / Boeing to Consolidate Defense & Space Business Facilities; Chris Raymond Comments Boeing to Consolidate Defense & Space Business Facilities; Chris Raymond Comments Dominique Stump November 17, 2016 Press Releases 359 Views Chris Raymond TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 17, 2016 — Boeing (NYSE: BA) plans to consolidate facilities and workloads across some U.S. sites to support efforts to drive the operational efficiency of its defense, space and security unit, ExecuitveBiz reported Wednesday. The company said Tuesday it aims to reduce office space by approximately 4.5 million square feet; close its sites in El Paso, Texas, and Newington, Virginia; and increase employment in its Los Angeles County, St. Louis and Huntsville facilities by the end of 2020. “Our first course of action is to look at where we can move talent from some of the other locations to [Huntsville], but then if we can’t do that, we’ll have to go out and hire locally,” Chris Raymond, vice president and general manager of Boeing’s electronic and information solutions division, told WAAY-TV in a report published Tuesday. About Executive Mosaic: Founded in 2002, Executive Mosaic is a leadership organization and media company. Executive Mosaic offers highly coveted executive events, breaking business news on the Government Contracting industry, and delivers robust and reliable content through seven influential websites and four consequential E-newswires. Headquarters are located in Tysons Corner, VA. www.executivemosaic.com Contact: David Smith (703) 226-7002 david.smith@executivemosaic.com Share Facebook Twitter Google + Stumbleupon LinkedIn Tags ba Boeing Boeing Defense Space and Security Boeing electronic and information solutions chris raymond Executive Mosaic ExecutiveBiz govcon Los Angeles County St. Louis and Huntsville Related Articles CGI to Support Cloud Migration of GAO Financial Mgmt System November 18, 2016 Vencore to Continue Support for GSA Public Buildings IT Service; Mac Curtis Comments November 18, 2016 Harris’ Falcon III Radio Receives NSA Certification to Utilize MUOS Waveform November 18, 2016 Check Also Carahsoft to Market Palo Alto Networks IT Security Tool to the Public Sector TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 18, 2016 — Carahsoft has agreed to be a federal government … CAE Promotes Joe Armstrong to VP, GM of Canada Defense & Security Unit TYSONS CORNER, VA, Nov. 18, 2016 — CAE (NYSE: CAE) has promoted Joe Armstrong, previously … Archives Archives Select Month November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 August 2013 July 2013 June 2013 May 2013 April 2013 March 2013 February 2013 January 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 August 2012 July 2012 June 2012 May 2012 April 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 June 2011 May 2011 April 2011 March 2011 February 2011 January 2011 December 2010 November 2010 October 2010 September 2010 August 2010 July 2010 June 2010 May 2010 April 2010 March 2010 February 2010 January 2010 December 2009 November 2009 October 2009 September 2009 August 2009 July 2009 June 2009 May 2009 April 2009 Recent Popular Comments Tags CGI to Support Cloud Migration of GAO Financial Mgmt System November 18, 2016 November 18 Market Close: GovCon Index Narrowly Green to Close 2nd Straight Weekly Gain November 18, 2016 Weekly Roundup November 14 – November 18, 2016: ‘Big 3’ Credit Rating Firm Ups Defense Outlook & more November 18, 2016 Vencore to Continue Support for GSA Public Buildings IT Service; Mac Curtis Comments November 18, 2016 Harris’ Falcon III Radio Receives NSA Certification to Utilize MUOS Waveform November 18, 2016 Deloitte Reports $468B 2015 Cost Overrun for Major Defense Acquisition Programs; Robin Lineberger Comments October 27, 2016 9,099 Huntington Ingalls to Buy Camber for $380M to Add IT, Govt Services Market Footprints November 2, 2016 3,471 L-3 Signals More Acquisitions This Year, CACI & Raytheon Pivot to Organic Growth Focus October 28, 2016 2,493 BC Partners, Medina Capital Seek to Add Analytics, Machine Learning Tools to Cyber JV Via Brainspace Purchase November 7, 2016 2,215 Harris to Sell Maritime Comm Business for $425M, First Divestiture Since Jana Pact November 1, 2016 2,147 Jose: I believe Gregory Reyes is the right person for the job. he's got 28 years of pr... Fred Sullivan: Some Russian said that "Quantity has a quality of it's own." He was referring to... Michael Deal: A hundred fighter/attack aircraft to defend a continent and the adjoining sea la... Ravi Sharma: It is news of great pleasure ICF get hold of Digital IT Consulting Firm CITYTECH... Michael Deal: The acquisition and possible integration of a foreign subsidiary that uses cloud... featured govcon Executive Mosaic Lockheed Martin ExecutiveBiz Contract Awards business news Financial News Defense Department government contracting Northrop Grumman Executive moves Raytheon Contract Award Boeing nyse news financial report General Dynamics SAIC GovCon Index U.S. Air Force DOD press release U.S. Navy Defense Contracting Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor Sponsor ExecutiveBiz State Dept Approves UK Purchase of $1B Worth General Atomics Predator B UAS SC3 Appoints Natl Security Industry Vet Susan Holley as Business Devt SVP Mitre Appoints Mike Rogers, Cathy Minehan to Board of Trustees AECOM Appoints LaMont Wells an EVP for Mgmt Services Group; John Vollmer Comments Raytheon to Provide Aerial Decoy Jammers to USAF Under $76M Contract Option BAE to Provide Post-Delivery Services for Navy Zumwalt-Class Destroyers Under $193M IDIQ @Follow Me CGI to Support Cloud Migration of GAO Financial Mgmt System https://t.co/LrFIlyELYU #CGI #cloud2016/11/18 #GovConIndex advances to post 2nd straight weekly gain. $BA $LLL $RTN $CSRA $ACM $GD #GovCon https://t.co/gnSsfDgXBU2016/11/18 Our publisher @jimgarrettson's take on Fitch Ratings' defense sector outlook in his Weekly Roundup. #GovCon https://t.co/tD5uhMCaZ12016/11/18 Part of Executive Mosaic Network © Copyright 2016, All Rights Reserved Subscribe to our Newsletter I will subscribe laterSubscribe Now
The Financial Express | Financial Online Newspaper Today's FE Dhaka,  Mon,  21 November 2016 Home Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock National World Editorial Op-Ed Sci-tech Education Sports Health Entertainment Economy National Economy Global Economy Finance Trade and Market Stock Global Stock Bangladesh National Politics Country Crime World America Asia Europe Africa Editorial Op-Ed Views Columns Opinion Reviews Analysis LETTERS Sci-tech Technology Science Environment More Education Sports Health Entertainment Miscellaneous E-PAPER 1JANATAMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   1STPRIMFMF 8.70   0.10 1.16%   AAMRATECH 26.60   0.90 3.50%   ABB1STMF 5.00   0.10 2.04%   ABBANK 21.30   1.90 9.79%   ACI   -1.90   ACIFORMULA 161.00   5.00 3.21%   ACMELAB 101.50   -1.60 -1.55%   ACTIVEFINE 39.00   -0.10 -0.26%   AFCAGRO 45.80   0.40 0.88%   AFTABAUTO 55.60   -1.20 -2.11%   AGRANINS 17.50   0.20 1.16%   AIBL1STIMF 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   AL-HAJTEX 95.30   0.40 0.42%   ALARABANK 15.20   0.00 0.00%   ALLTEX 9.90   0.70 7.61%   AMANFEED 69.70   -7.40 -9.60%   AMBEEPHA 442.00   -0.10 -0.02%   AMCL(PRAN) 199.60   0.40 0.20%   ANWARGALV 71.80   -0.70 -0.97%   APEXFOODS 143.20   4.00 2.87%   APEXFOOT 352.50   -7.10 -1.97%   APEXSPINN 120.40   1.10 0.92%   APEXTANRY 127.50   3.00 2.41%   ARAMIT 351.00   2.90 0.83%   ARAMITCEM 31.60   1.40 4.64%   ARGONDENIM 27.40   -0.80 -2.84%   ASIAINS 16.60   0.20 1.22%   ASIAPACINS 16.60   0.30 1.84%   ATCSLGF 10.30   -0.10 -0.96%   ATLASBANG 115.50   3.20 2.85%   AZIZPIPES 62.00   -2.80 -4.32%   BANGAS 134.00   12.10 9.93%   BANKASIA 18.30   0.60 3.39%   BARKAPOWER 27.80   -1.80 -6.08%   BATASHOE 1185.00   8.40 0.71%   BATBC   24.50   BAYLEASING 20.40   0.10 0.49%   BBS   -0.60   BDAUTOCA 64.70   2.60 4.19%   BDCOM   -1.60   BDFINANCE 10.40   0.20 1.96%   BDLAMPS 173.40   3.40 2.00%   BDTHAI 22.10   -0.20 -0.90%   BDWELDING 8.90   -0.10 -1.11%   BEACHHATCH 8.30   -0.10 -1.19%   BENGALWTL 40.50   1.10 2.79%   BERGERPBL 2350.00   -19.30 -0.81%   BEXIMCO 23.40   1.10 4.93%   BGIC   -0.30   BIFC   0.10   BNICL   -0.40   BRACBANK 66.10   0.10 0.15%   BRACSCBOND 1030.00   -10.00 -0.96%   BSC   15.50   BSCCL   1.90   BSRMLTD 141.40   -0.50 -0.35%   BSRMSTEEL 93.30   -1.20 -1.27%   BXPHARMA 82.00   0.20 0.24%   BXSYNTH 5.80   0.00 0.00%   CENTRALINS 16.60   -0.30 -1.78%   CENTRALPHL 13.60   -0.30 -2.16%   CITYBANK 23.50   0.20 0.86%   CITYGENINS 14.50   -0.10 -0.68%   CMCKAMAL 14.80   0.20 1.37%   CNATEX 7.90   -0.10 -1.25%   CONTININS 16.80   0.10 0.60%   CVOPRL 193.70   0.40 0.21%   DACCADYE 6.80   0.00 0.00%   DBH   0.50   DBH1STMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   DELTALIFE 98.90   -0.90 -0.90%   DELTASPINN 8.60   0.20 2.38%   DESCO   -0.50   DESHBANDHU 8.50   0.10 1.19%   DHAKABANK 16.70   0.40 2.45%   DHAKAINS 21.60   1.10 5.37%   DOREENPWR 108.80   -5.20 -4.56%   DSHGARME 294.50   -57.60 -16.36%   DSSL   1.10   DUTCHBANGL 107.20   -0.80 -0.74%   EASTERNINS 23.60   -0.60 -2.48%   EASTLAND 20.20   -0.40 -1.94%   EASTRNLUB 920.40   13.40 1.48%   EBL   -0.30   EBL1STMF 5.00   0.00 0.00%   EBLNRBMF 4.70   0.00 0.00%   ECABLES 142.60   0.20 0.14%   EHL   -1.00   EMERALDOIL 36.90   3.30 9.82%   ENVOYTEX 36.50   0.10 0.27%   ETL   0.50   EXIM1STMF 6.70   0.10 1.52%   EXIMBANK 10.80   0.10 0.93%   FAMILYTEX 7.90   0.00 0.00%   FARCHEM 21.30   1.70 8.67%   FAREASTFIN 10.10   0.30 3.06%   FAREASTLIF 64.00   0.00 0.00%   FASFIN 11.70   0.20 1.74%   FBFIF   0.00   FEDERALINS 10.20   0.10 0.99%   FEKDIL 22.70   0.40 1.79%   FINEFOODS 19.40   0.10 0.52%   FIRSTFIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   FIRSTSBANK 12.50   0.40 3.31%   FORTUNE 47.30   1.10 2.38%   FUWANGCER 13.80   -0.40 -2.82%   FUWANGFOOD 12.70   0.20 1.60%   GBBPOWER 14.80   0.00 0.00%   GEMINISEA 779.80   -0.10 -0.01%   GENNEXT 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   GHAIL   -0.10   GHCL   0.90   GLAXOSMITH 1568.10   1.20 0.08%   GLOBALINS 13.00   -0.10 -0.76%   GOLDENSON 16.10   0.70 4.55%   GP   3.70   GQBALLPEN 71.30   1.80 2.59%   GRAMEENS2 10.50   0.10 0.96%   GREENDELMF 6.90   0.00 0.00%   GREENDELT 46.40   -0.20 -0.43%   GSPFINANCE 20.50   0.20 0.99%   HAKKANIPUL 47.80   4.30 9.89%   HEIDELBCEM 546.50   1.40 0.26%   HFL   0.60   HRTEX   -0.40   HWAWELLTEX 34.50   -1.00 -2.82%   IBBLPBOND 973.50   2.50 0.26%   IBNSINA 213.30   1.40 0.66%   ICB   -0.40   ICB1STNRB 18.80   0.20 1.08%   ICB2NDNRB 7.80   0.00 0.00%   ICB3RDNRB 4.50   0.00 0.00%   ICBAMCL2ND 5.30   0.10 1.92%   ICBEPMF1S1 6.00   0.10 1.69%   ICBIBANK 4.10   0.10 2.50%   ICBSONALI1 6.10   0.10 1.67%   IDLC   0.10   IFADAUTOS 79.30   4.30 5.73%   IFIC   0.30   IFIC1STMF 4.70   -0.10 -2.08%   IFILISLMF1 6.60   -0.10 -1.49%   ILFSL   -0.10   IMAMBUTTON 10.90   0.20 1.87%   INTECH 12.00   0.40 3.45%   IPDC   0.00   ISLAMIBANK 30.20   0.00 0.00%   ISLAMICFIN 15.80   0.20 1.28%   ISLAMIINS 17.10   0.10 0.59%   ITC   1.70   JAMUNABANK 14.70   0.10 0.68%   JAMUNAOIL 191.50   -1.40 -0.73%   JANATAINS 12.40   -0.20 -1.59%   JMISMDL 154.10   -1.70 -1.09%   JUTESPINN 55.90   1.60 2.95%   KARNAPHULI 14.00   -0.30 -2.10%   KAY&QUE 26.60   -1.00 -3.62%   KDSALTD 68.90   3.40 5.19%   KEYACOSMET 10.00   0.00 0.00%   KOHINOOR 459.00   26.80 6.20%   KPCL   1.00   KPPL   0.30   LAFSURCEML 75.00   0.70 0.94%   LANKABAFIN 27.60   0.60 2.22%   LEGACYFOOT 19.20   0.60 3.23%   LIBRAINFU 488.00   0.00 0.00%   LINDEBD 1345.00   8.50 0.64%   LRGLOBMF1 6.70   0.10 1.52%   MAKSONSPIN 7.00   0.00 0.00%   MALEKSPIN 15.10   -0.20 -1.31%   MARICO 1215.00   -2.90 -0.24%   MATINSPINN 37.70   0.50 1.34%   MBL1STMF 6.80   -0.10 -1.45%   MEGCONMILK 6.90   -0.10 -1.43%   MEGHNACEM 93.50   1.00 1.08%   MEGHNALIFE 52.80   -0.20 -0.38%   MEGHNAPET 5.30   0.00 0.00%   MERCANBANK 14.30   0.10 0.70%   MERCINS 13.90   -0.10 -0.71%   MHSML   -0.40   MICEMENT 72.60   -1.70 -2.29%   MIDASFIN 23.50   0.40 1.73%   MIRACLEIND 41.30   3.60 9.55%   MITHUNKNIT 71.60   4.80 7.19%   MJLBD   0.20   MODERNDYE 187.00   2.40 1.30%   MONNOCERA 38.00   1.60 4.40%   MONNOSTAF 587.90   1.30 0.22%   MPETROLEUM 180.90   -0.90 -0.50%   MTB   0.20   NATLIFEINS 177.80   4.10 2.36%   NAVANACNG 55.60   -0.60 -1.07%   NBL   0.10   NCCBANK 10.80   0.10 0.93%   NFML   0.60   NHFIL   -2.80   NITOLINS 21.50   0.00 0.00%   NORTHERN 238.10   19.10 8.72%   NORTHRNINS 18.80   0.10 0.53%   NPOLYMAR 72.50   -12.60 -14.81%   NTC   45.00   NTLTUBES 132.80   6.30 4.98%   OAL   0.30   OLYMPIC 308.00   1.70 0.56%   ONEBANKLTD 15.40   0.40 2.67%   ORIONINFU 58.90   -0.50 -0.84%   ORIONPHARM 40.60   0.40 1.00%   PADMALIFE 23.20   0.30 1.31%   PADMAOIL 187.80   1.50 0.81%   PARAMOUNT 19.50   -0.10 -0.51%   PENINSULA 25.60   1.50 6.22%   PEOPLESINS 16.60   0.00 0.00%   PF1STMF 4.50   -0.10 -2.17%   PHARMAID 249.90   4.20 1.71%   PHENIXINS 22.20   0.00 0.00%   PHOENIXFIN 25.70   1.20 4.90%   PHPMF1 4.40   0.00 0.00%   PIONEERINS 29.30   -0.30 -1.01%   PLFSL   0.10   POPULAR1MF 4.40   0.00 0.00%   POPULARLIF 67.50   0.00 0.00%   POWERGRID 55.60   0.20 0.36%   PRAGATIINS 25.50   -0.20 -0.78%   PRAGATILIF 86.10   -1.70 -1.94%   PREMIERBAN 9.20   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERCEM 83.60   0.00 0.00%   PREMIERLEA 10.00   -0.10 -0.99%   PRIME1ICBA 5.00   -0.10 -1.96%   PRIMEBANK 15.80   0.30 1.94%   PRIMEFIN 8.00   -0.20 -2.44%   PRIMEINSUR 17.40   0.40 2.35%   PRIMELIFE 57.70   -0.10 -0.17%   PRIMETEX 22.80   0.50 2.24%   PROGRESLIF 50.00   0.00 0.00%   PROVATIINS 14.40   -0.10 -0.69%   PTL   0.40   PUBALIBANK 19.90   0.00 0.00%   PURABIGEN 15.60   -0.60 -3.70%   QSMDRYCELL 100.00   0.00 0.00%   RAHIMAFOOD 93.30   8.40 9.89%   RAHIMTEXT 237.50   2.90 1.24%   RAKCERAMIC 61.00   -0.80 -1.29%   RANFOUNDRY 103.80   1.20 1.17%   RDFOOD 15.30   -0.20 -1.29%   REGENTTEX 12.80   -0.10 -0.78%   RELIANCE1 8.00   0.00 0.00%   RELIANCINS 46.00   -0.20 -0.43%   RENATA 1092.10   0.70 0.06%   RENWICKJA 591.10   1.90 0.32%   REPUBLIC 16.40   0.00 0.00%   RNSPIN 17.30   0.00 0.00%   RSRMSTEEL 46.90   -1.00 -2.09%   RUPALIBANK 26.40   -0.40 -1.49%   RUPALIINS 17.30   -0.10 -0.57%   RUPALILIFE 35.50   -1.10 -3.01%   SAFKOSPINN 11.40   0.10 0.88%   SAIFPOWER 48.10   -0.40 -0.82%   SAIHAMCOT 13.70   -1.10 -7.43%   SAIHAMTEX 13.80   -0.10 -0.72%   SALAMCRST 29.90   2.20 7.94%   SALVOCHEM 13.40   0.00 0.00%   SAMATALETH 24.00   0.00 0.00%   SAMORITA 63.80   1.00 1.59%   SANDHANINS 29.70   -0.60 -1.98%   SAPORTL 40.00   0.50 1.27%   SAVAREFR 48.00   0.00 0.00%   SEBL1STMF 11.70   0.00 0.00%   SHAHJABANK 13.90   0.00 0.00%   SHASHADNIM 59.60   -2.10 -3.40%   SHURWID 8.40   0.00 0.00%   SHYAMPSUG 11.30   -0.10 -0.88%   SIBL   0.00   SIMTEX 20.50   0.30 1.49%   SINGERBD 186.00   3.70 2.03%   SINOBANGLA 24.20   0.80 3.42%   SONALIANSH 199.80   6.50 3.36%   SONARBAINS 16.30   1.10 7.24%   SONARGAON 8.60   0.00 0.00%   SOUTHEASTB 17.40   -0.10 -0.57%   SPCERAMICS 8.10   0.00 0.00%   SPCL   0.40   SQUARETEXT 65.90   0.60 0.92%   SQURPHARMA 246.10   -0.50 -0.20%   STANCERAM 53.40   1.40 2.69%   STANDARINS 17.70   0.20 1.14%   STANDBANKL 10.50   0.20 1.94%   STYLECRAFT 1600.00   -12.50 -0.78%   SUMITPOWER 34.50   0.00 0.00%   SUNLIFEINS 17.60   -0.30 -1.68%   TAKAFULINS 18.30   0.00 0.00%   TALLUSPIN 8.40   0.20 2.44%   TITASGAS 46.10   -1.30 -2.74%   TOSRIFA 17.10   -0.40 -2.29%   TRUSTB1MF 4.80   -0.10 -2.04%   TRUSTBANK 23.30   -0.20 -0.85%   TUNGHAI 10.90   0.20 1.87%   UCB   0.20   UNIONCAP 13.00   0.00 0.00%   UNIQUEHRL 40.00   0.00 0.00%   UNITEDAIR 4.60   0.10 2.22%   UNITEDFIN 21.40   0.90 4.39%   UNITEDINS 25.00   -0.20 -0.79%   UPGDCL 142.00   -0.10 -0.07%   USMANIAGL 91.00   -0.80 -0.87%   UTTARABANK 24.00   0.20 0.84%   UTTARAFIN 57.40   -0.90 -1.54%   VAMLBDMF1 8.90   0.00 0.00%   WATACHEM 159.60   -2.20 -1.36%   WMSHIPYARD 24.90   0.10 0.40%   YPL   -0.80   ZAHEENSPIN 15.30   0.20 1.32%   ZAHINTEX 15.50   0.20 1.31%   ZEALBANGLA 16.50   0.50 3.13%   Latest News 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' Patrol along Myanmar border intensified: Minister Bodi released from Kashimpur Central Jail Merkel to run for fourth term Renewable energy 'not attractive' as business in BD: Nasrul Board finalises draft proposal for wages of soap, cosmetic workers Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system Dhaka will bid to hold PATA Travel Mart Industry owners meet BEZA chief Govt chalks out various projects for Ctg port development Tapping potential of outsourcing IT TIME - 12:03 am National Patrol along Myanmar border intensified: Minister Economy Bangladesh remittances total $4.25b in July-Oct World Merkel to run for fourth term Stock Key index crosses 4,700-mark PM assures 100pc safe water supply, sanitation TOP NEWS Gold prices fall, silver rise Bangladesh to import only cleaner gasoil from 2017 India crash deaths nearly 100 World leaders take aim at Trump's trade views 'Explain NHRC chair’s appointment' Russian ruble recovering again Bhutan allays BBIN concerns PEC, Ebtedayee examinations begin China pledges more on global trade 2 injured in 'gunfight' with police 'Govt making all efforts to modernise armed forces' November 20, 2016, 11:30 pm Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Sunday greeting members of the armed forces on the occasion of the Armed Forces Day-2016 to be observed on November 21 (Monday). In a message on the eve of the day, she said, the Awami League Read more Bodi released from Kashimpur Central Jail November 20, 2016, 11:09 pm Hours after the Supreme Court upheld a High Court order granting a six-month bail to him, Awami League MP Abdur Rahman Bodi was released from jail on Sunday night in a case filed for concealing information about his wealth. He walked Read more Economy Armenia sees record increase in exports Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said his country had doubled its exports, including those to countries of the Eurasian Economic Union (EEU), in an interview with Sputnik Armenia On Thursday, reports Xinhua. Sargsyan said it was unfortunate that Armenia's accession to the EEU coincided with the imposing of sanctions against Russia, the main economic driving force the economic bloc. This created hassles for the Armenian economy due to the fact of it being "tied in a thousand ways to the economy of Russia." President Sargsyan, however, insisted his country had made the right choice joining EEU. "We have become a member of a China's economic expansion benefits MENA region: Expert November 19, 2016, 9:09 pm IMF hails Norway's reforms November 19, 2016, 9:04 pm IMF approves $162m loan to Sri Lanka November 19, 2016, 6:39 pm Inclusive approaches needed to achieve SDGs by 2030 November 19, 2016, 7:41 pm France cuts 2016 growth target to 1.4pc November 18, 2016, 8:58 pm Finance Income Tax Week begins Nov 24 The first-ever Income Tax Week will begin in the country on November 24. National Board of Revenue (NBR) will organise the income tax week for the first time to provide taxpayers with all tax related services including filing up of Overvalued taka stirs worries Chinese banks active in UAE to spur regional growth India bonds defy global rout Banks struggling to hit turnover heights Editorial Tapping potential of outsourcing IT A steady growth of the country's information technology (IT) sector Tapping potential of outsourcing IT A steady growth of the country's information technology (IT) sector Op-Ed Views on US election not factual I read with interest the recent article, written by Mr. Views on US election not factual I read with interest the recent article, written by Mr. Poor exit road at HSIA THE Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) is the main gateway Poor exit road at HSIA THE Hazrat Shahjalal International Airport (HSIA) is the main gateway Rural migration THIS is the year when more than half of our Rural migration THIS is the year when more than half of our Stock AB Bank tops DSE transaction chart for 2nd day AB Bank dominated the Dhaka Stock Exchange (DSE) transaction chart on Sunday for the two consecutive session while Grameenphone (GP) Bourses see moderate rise for 4th consecutive session Bank tax hampers mobilisation of deposits RBI proposes 'Islamic window' in banks SEBI mulls allowing FPIs to invest in unlisted NCDs Stocks begin week in green Revised CSE30 Index comes into effect today 15 win in DSE brokers polls European shares close lower National Sufia Kamal's death anniv observed The 17th death anniversary of legendary poet, political activist and torchbearer of women’s emancipation Sufia Kamal was observed across the country on Sunday. Different social and cultural organisations chalked out various programmes to observe the day. Sufia Kamal was also instrumental in naming the first women’s dormitory of Dhaka University as Rokeya Hall, after Begum Rokeya, who was her own inspiration. During Bangladesh’s Neo-JMB leader Sarwar's wife gives birth to son in prison PM expresses shock at deaths in Indian train crash HC wants to know initiatives to rescue ‘abducted’ doctor District council election on December 28 Govt for cut in transport fares Ivy collects nomination form Neo-JMB chief’s wife gives birth to baby boy Khaleda cuts 52-pound cakes on Tarique’s birthday Trade and Market Renewable energy 'not attractive' as business in BD: Nasrul State Minister for Power, Energy and Mineral Resources Nasrul Hamid on Sunday said that promoting renewable energy as business is “difficult” in Bangladesh due to resource constraints and land shortage. Despite that, he said, the government had set a target of obtaining 10 per cent of power from renewable sources by 2020. “You cannot compare us with Denmark or other developed countries. Board finalises draft proposal for wages of soap, cosmetic workers Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system Industry owners meet BEZA chief Bangladesh exploring markets for rice export: Quamrul Poland still has scope to use rates to impact economy: Minister Nokia to re-enter smartphone business in 2017 US House votes to bar sales of commercial aircraft to Iran Greece approves permit for Eldorado's Skouries gold mine World Death toll rises to 120 In India rain crash Death toll rose to 120 (till last count) and more than 200 are injured in the rail crash on early French minister calls for renewed Syria talks Peace treaty with Russia coming into sight: Japan PM Death toll from India train crash passes 100 Sci-tech Grand finale of 'Blueprints 2.0' Tuesday The stage is set for the final round of ‘Blueprints 2.0’ – a financial modeling competition. The NSU Finance Club, the Zuckerberg to combat fake news on Facebook Facebook clears $6b stock buyback SpaceX aims to launch internet from space Education Fewer candidates taking PEC, Ebtedayee tests this yr The Primary Education Completion (PEC) and Ebtedayee examinations 2016 began on Sunday in different exam centres across the country and UGC declares certificates by 18 private universities illegal   AMAL, dedicated healthcare service for underprivileged children SSC, equivalent exams begin Feb 2 Sports Brothers earn win over Arambagh CHITTAGONG, Nov 20 (UNB): Brothers Union Club toppled Arambagh KS beating them by 2-1 goals in the JB Bangladesh Premier BD to play Chinese Taipei in Asian Hockey today Progati Sangha share points with Youngmen's Club NZ pulverise Pakistan in 1st Test Health ‘Physicians need to attain people’s confidence’ Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina on Saturday urged the physicians to gain people’s confidence besides providing good medical service so that Zika emergency over: WHO Japan sets 50pc price cut for cancer drug Awareness the main catalyst to control growth of diabetes Entertainment Wedding solutions under one roof at bridal fest The three-day Wedding and Portrait Photographers of Bangladesh (WPPB) Bridal Festival was held at Gulshan Shooting Club in Dhaka on Versatile talks, performances rule day 2 of DLF Marc Anthony and Shannon De Lima Separate  Mallika Sherawat punched, tear gassed in Paris Politics JP to skip district council polls: Ershad Jatiya Party chairman HM Ershad has said that his party will not take part in district councils polls scheduled for Khaleda cuts 52-pound cakes on Tarique’s birthday BNP 'asks' Taimur to get ready for contesting NCC polls Quader urges AL followers to get united Country Authority cancels 60,356 cards, 13 dealerships in Rangpur div RANGPUR, Nov 20: A total of 60,356 cards and 13 dealerships have been cancelled so far owing to allegation of irregularities and embezzlement in distributing rice meant for selling at Tk 10 per kg to ultra-poor rural people in eight districts of Rangpur Division, divisional food office sources said. Cases have also been filed against six dealers. Fines of Tk 1,01,925 have been  collected, sources also said. Of the total, 7,519 cards of Rangpur district, 15,282 of Gaibandha, 5,643 of Kurigram, 2,494 ... Labour shortage disrupts T-Aman harvest in Bogra Chilli cultivators express dismay over market prices in Magura Speakers focus on raising crop intensity in Sylhet region PHOTO GALLERY Primary Education Completion (PEC) and Ebtedayee terminal examinations for fifth graders began today (Sunday) across the country. – Focus Bangla Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina releases a commemorative stamp after inaugurating the golden jubilee celebrations of Chittagong University on its central playground through a videoconference from Ganabhbaban on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina addresses the inaugural ceremony of the 26th Annual Conference of Association of Thoracic & Cardiovascular Surgeons of Asia (ATCSA) at Hotel Radisson Blu in Dhaka on Saturday. –Focus Bangla Photo Industries Minister Amir Hossain Amu showing the GI (Geographical Indication) certificate, registered for Jamdani before handing it over to Bangladesh Small and Cottage Industries Corporation (BSCIC) Chairman Mustaq Hassan Md Iftekhar at the conference room of the ministry on Thursday. – PID photo Two foreigners along with a Bangladeshi literature buff going through a book at a stall at Bangla Academy premises on Thursday – the first day of the 3-day Dhaka LiT Fest. – FE photo more news Payoneer puts thrust on simplification of BD's online cross border payment system November 20, 2016, 9:49 pm Industry owners meet BEZA chief November 20, 2016, 9:48 pm Bangladesh exploring markets for rice export: Quamrul November 20, 2016, 9:46 pm Nokia to re-enter smartphone business in 2017 November 20, 2016, 9:44 pm All Headline News Stock market Final Index Change(Points) Change(%) ISSUES ADVANCED 125 ISSUES DECLINED 92 Most popular India crash deaths nearly 100 November 20, 2016, 9:43 am Bangladesh remittances total $4.25b in July-Oct November 20, 2016, 4:43 pm Trump meets former rival Romney November 20, 2016, 9:51 am Three posing as DB men arrested November 20, 2016, 9:41 am Sufia Kamals death anniv today November 20, 2016, 9:37 am 'Explain NHRC chairs appointment' November 20, 2016, 2:37 pm Top 10 gainers Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG HAKKANIPUL 43.50 47.80 43.90 47.80 9.89 EMERALDOIL 33.60 36.90 34.00 36.90 9.82 MIRACLEIND 37.70 41.40 38.00 41.40 9.81 DSSL 11.30 12.40 11.70 12.40 9.74 ABBANK 19.40 21.30 19.50 21.20 9.28 NORTHERN 219.00 238.10 224.00 238.10 8.72 FARCHEM 19.60 21.50 19.60 21.30 8.67 SALAMCRST 27.70 30.00 27.60 29.80 7.58 MITHUNKNIT 66.80 71.90 67.50 71.70 7.34 NTC 601.00 646.00 606.30 642.10 6.84 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation ABBANK 19.50 21.30 19.50 21.30 9.23 MIRACLEIND 38.00 41.40 38.00 41.30 8.68 EMERALDOIL 34.00 36.90 34.00 36.90 8.53 DSHGARME 272.00 294.50 269.00 294.50 8.27 FARCHEM 19.70 21.50 19.60 21.30 8.12 SONARBAINS 15.10 16.30 15.10 16.30 7.95 HAKKANIPUL 44.40 47.80 43.90 47.80 7.66 SALAMCRST 27.80 30.00 27.60 29.90 7.55 IFADAUTOS 74.50 79.30 72.70 79.30 6.44 NORTHERN 224.00 238.10 224.00 238.10 6.30 Top 10 Loser Based on YCP and Close Price Company YCP High Low CLOSE %CHG DSHGARME 352.10 294.50 269.00 294.50 -16.36 NPOLYMAR 85.10 76.00 71.80 72.40 -14.92 AMANFEED 77.10 72.00 69.70 70.30 -8.82 SAIHAMCOT 14.80 14.00 13.50 13.70 -7.43 BDCOM 24.90 23.50 23.10 23.30 -6.43 BARKAPOWER 29.60 28.50 27.50 27.90 -5.74 NHFIL 54.50 54.50 51.60 52.20 -4.22 DOREENPWR 114.00 114.50 108.60 109.20 -4.21 AZIZPIPES 64.80 64.00 60.40 62.30 -3.86 KAY&QUE 27.60 27.50 26.10 26.60 -3.62 Based on Open and Last Trade Price Company Open High Low Last Deviation NHFIL 54.50 54.50 51.60 51.70 -5.14 SHASHADNIM 62.80 62.90 59.00 59.60 -5.10 NPOLYMAR 76.00 76.00 71.80 72.50 -4.61 DOREENPWR 113.70 114.50 108.60 108.80 -4.31 PURABIGEN 16.30 16.30 15.50 15.60 -4.30 RUPALILIFE 37.00 37.10 35.40 35.50 -4.05 MHSML 15.20 15.40 14.40 14.60 -3.95 ARGONDENIM 28.40 28.40 27.30 27.40 -3.52 TOSRIFA 17.70 17.70 17.10 17.10 -3.39 KAY&QUE 27.50 27.50 26.10 26.60 -3.27 Travel Bangladesh Biman Bangladesh Railway Radisson Blu Hotels in Bangladesh Money Exchange rate Currency Sell Purchase USD 78.95 77.94 GBP 118.00 117.96 EUR 83.78 83.75 Chinese Yuan 12.24 12.24 HK Dollar 10.2181 9.8929 Singapore dollar 63.6186 59.877 Saudi Rial 21.1918 20.52 Commodity price Commodity Price Change GOLD 1,270.40 (US $/oz) -0.6% SILVER 20.70 (US $/oz) -1.9% COPPER 7,12 (US$/mt) -0.7% CRUDE OIL 93.20 (USD/bbl.) -1.7% COTTON # 2 78.85 (USc/lb) 0.9% WHEAT (CBOT) 647.25 (USD/bu) -0.1% PALM OIL 823.96 (USD/MTon) 3.4% Soybean Oil 40.84 (USc/lb) 1.4% Sugar #11 17.87 (USc/lb) -0.6% Call money rate Today's Rate Yesterday's Rate 06.15-07.75pc 05.50-08.00pc E-Paper Weather Archive Year 2007200820092010201120122013201420152016 Month JanuaryFebruaryMarchAprilMayJuneJulyAugustSeptemberOctoberNovemberDecember Day 12345678910111213141516171819202122232425262728293031 GO CATEGORIES Economy Finance Editorial Op-Ed Stock National Trade and Market World ADDRESS Editor : A.H.M Moazzem Hossain Published by the Editor for International Publications Limited from Tropicana Tower (4th floor), 45, Topkhana Road, GPO Box : 2526 Dhaka- 1000 and printed by him from City Publishing House Ltd., 1 RK Mission Road, Dhaka-1000. Telephone : PABX : 9553550 (Hunting), 9513814, 7172017 and 7172012 Fax : 880-2-9567049 Email : editor@thefinancialexpress-bd.com, fexpress68@gmail.com Terms of Service Contact Us Editors' Panel About Editor Web mail Ad price (Print Version) Copyright © 2016. All rights reserved Powered by :
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Sports My Life Go Play - Entertainment Food & Drink Opinion Blogs PODCASTS Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media More Home News Sports My Life Go Play - Entertainment Food & Drink Opinion Blogs PODCASTS Obituaries Archives Insider USA TODAY Media Follow Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. TOP TRENDING x Share Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Alabama gains jobs as Boeing makes changes Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs and close two facilities by the end of 2020 in an effort to make its Defense, Space & Security business more efficient, the company said Tuesday. Post to Facebook Alabama gains jobs as Boeing makes changes Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs and close two facilities by the end of 2020 in an effort to make its Defense, Space & Security business more efficient, the company said Tuesday.  Check out this story on montgomeryadvertiser.com: http://on.mgmadv.com/2fYDGos {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Subscribe Today Log In Subscribed, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Alabama gains jobs as Boeing makes changes Jim Salter, Associated Press 8:26 a.m. CST November 16, 2016 400 jobs coming to Huntsville The Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs, and close two facilities by the end of 2020 as part of an effort to operate its Defense, Space & Security business more efficiently. (Photo: Jeff Gritchen, AP) Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs and close two facilities by the end of 2020 in an effort to make its Defense, Space & Security business more efficient, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, California, will move to plants in three other Southern California locations -- El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. About 500 positions will move to St. Louis County in Missouri, and 400 will shift to Huntsville. Chicago-based Boeing will close a plant that employs 290 people in in El Paso, Texas, and another that employs 70 people in Newington, Va. The company said the moves will reduce facility space by about 4.5 million square feet. The Huntington Beach plant will remain open. Boeing spokesman Ken Smith declined to say how many workers will remain there. The company will move an unspecified number of jobs from Kent, Washington, to Tukwila, Washington. The two towns are just 16 miles apart. "In order to push ourselves farther and win more business, we need to make the most of our resources and talent," Leanne Caret, president and CEO of Boeing Defense, Space & Security, said in a statement. "These steps will help us be a stronger partner for our customers worldwide." The company said it also will align Boeing Defence Australia, Boeing Defense Saudi Arabia, and Boeing Defence United Kingdom into a new global operations group, led by David Pitchforth, managing director of Boeing Defence U.K. Read or Share this story: http://on.mgmadv.com/2fYDGos TOP VIDEOS Harrison making big hits, taking leadership role 1:18 Saban gives stern halftime speech in Chattanooga game 2:08 Harris: Tide not mentally read to play 1:27 Saban sits ArDarius Stewart for Chattanooga game 1:36 Saban unhappy with Tide effort in 31-3 win over FCS Chattanooga 9:42 Alabama Shakespeare Festival holds annual tree lighting 0:46 Duane Rankin's keys to the Alabama - UT Chattanooga game 1:06 Take a spin around the set of A Christmas Carol at ASF 1:01 Season changes 3:55 VIDEO: Troy's Neal Brown after loss to Arkansas State 0:45
Live BroadcastWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Emmys LA Rams Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us WEATHER ALERT High Surf Advisory Full Story Boeing moving 1,600 jobs from Huntington Beach to other SoCal locations Email share share tweet email AP The Boeing Satellite Systems building is seen on the far right, Thursday, Feb. 21, 2002 in El Segundo area of Los Angeles. (AP Photo/Damian Dovarganes) Wednesday, November 16, 2016 01:46PM HUNTINGTON BEACH, Calif. -- Boeing Co. plans to move 1,600 jobs from Huntington Beach to plants in three other Southland locations as part of a larger effort to boost efficiency, the company said. The Huntington Beach positions will move to El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. About 500 of those jobs will move to St. Louis, and 400 will move to Huntsville, Alabama. The company also plans on moving an unspecified number of jobs from Kent, Washington, to nearby Tukwila, Washington. In addition, Boeing will close a plant that employs 290 people in in El Paso, Texas, and another that employs 70 people in Newington, Virginia. The company said the moves will reduce facility space by about 4.5 million square feet. The Huntington Beach plant will remain open, but Boeing spokesman Ken Smith declined to say how many workers will remain there. Boeing says this is all part of an effort to operate its defense, space and security business more efficiently. "In order to push ourselves farther and win more business, we need to make the most of our resources and talent," Leanne Caret, president and CEO of Boeing Defense, Space & Security, said in a statement. "These steps will help us be a stronger partner for our customers worldwide." The company said it also will align Boeing Defence Australia, Boeing Defense Saudi Arabia and Boeing Defence United Kingdom into a new global operations group, led by David Pitchforth, managing director of Boeing Defence U.K. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Related Topics: uncategorized Email share share tweet email Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. Top Stories Suspect shot, killed in Anaheim officer-involved shooting Santa Clarita prepares for mudslides as storm approaches 1 seriously hurt in possible street racing crash in Pomona Officer injured in shootout with suspect in Hawthorne Sabra hummus products recalled over Listeria concerns Storm expected to bring heavy rain, snow to SoCal Suspect taken into custody after barricading self in USC library Show More 2 teens charged in fatal shooting of US Rep. Danny Davis' grandson Man arrested days after allegedly raping woman at her Maywood home Young girl pays it forward to doughnut shop owner Dodgers legend Tommy Lasorda talks baseball, Rams football Rams CB Troy Hill arrested on suspicion of DUI in Encino More News Photos Photos: Donald Trump's 2016 Election Day Photos: Hillary Clinton's 2016 Election Day Election Day 2016 in photos Frank Sinatra's California Rat Pack home for sale More Photos Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Emmys LA Rams Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Los AngelesOrange CountyInland EmpireVentura CountyCalifornia Categories U.S. & World Live Video Politics Investigations Consumer Health & Food Entertainment Watercooler Sports Community Pets Automotive Station Info #ABC7Eyewitness Tips TV Listings ABC7/Contact Meet the News Team Jobs/Internships Shows Emmys LA Rams Eye On L.A. Vista L.A. Newsmakers LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2016 ABC Inc., KABC-TV Los Angeles
Global Business Brief: How Trump could increase defense spending; UK wants 26 Reaper drones Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia The YouTube Effect: Intel Operations Move Out of the Shadows War in the Information Age Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing Defense One Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email → News Threats Politics Business Tech Ideas Decision Time: Half of US F-15s Need Overhauls — Or Retirement By Marcus Weisgerber Read bio November 16, 2016 Topics Air Force Technology Russia U.S. Air Force, Tech. Sgt. Anthony Mutti AA Font size + Print A U.S. Air Force F-15C Eagle fighter aircraft from the 104th Fighter Wing, Massachusetts Air National Guard, departs Joint Base Elmendorf-Richardson, Alaska, for Barnes Air National Guard Base, Mass., on Aug. 12, 2011. Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article By Marcus Weisgerber Read bio November 16, 2016 In a backseat ride over New Hampshire, the Eagle shows why it’s still lethal, yet increasingly expensive. WESTFIELD, Massachusetts — The F-15C Eagle weighs about 16 tons, but with nearly 47,000 pounds of thrust pushing it down the runway it feels more like 16 ounces. In a just seconds, the plane passes 100 miles per hour, then twice that. It hops off the ground but the pilot, Maj. Jay “Fat” Talbert keeps it level, fifty feet up, and pours on more speed. “Here come the G’s,” Talbert warns his passenger in the back seat. Then he pulls back the stick. Twin afterburners glow and a thunderous roar covers the peaceful New England landscape as the jet goes vertical. The altimeter spins like a stopwatch — and freezes at 6,000 as Talbert rolls the plane onto its left side and levels out. Then he turns right, heading toward the training area where he will show how this plane, built in 1985 to a 1970s design, can still best foreign-made jets in air-to-air combat. The question now is whether Air Force leaders want to spend tens of billions of dollars to refurbish the C- and D-model F-15s and upgrade their electronics, or to put the money toward newer aircraft. Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. “This mission is not going away,” Col. Pete Green, vice commander of the Air National Guard’s 104th Fighter Wing, said in an interview here. “There is an ongoing need for air dominance fighters.” Officially, the Air Force plans to keep the F-15C/D around for another quarter-century. (Its newer cousin, the ground-pounding F-15E Strike Eagle, is slated to serve even longer.) But in recent years, military leaders have retired more warplanes than planned to save maintenance money and buy newer jets. Several Air Force officials have said the service’s top generals are reviewing how the air-to-air-only F-15s fit into that mix. Among the options: upgrade the fourth-generation F-15, accelerate the purchase of the fifth-generation F-35 Lightning II, or pour the money into the warplane of the future, called Penetrating Counterair. “We are planning to keep the jet around and viable until 2042 until told otherwise,” said John “Heed” McLaughlin, Air Combat Command’s F-15 program element manager at Langley Air Force Base in Virginia and a former Eagle pilot who oversees the upgrades and improvements to the plane. The plan is to team the Eagle with the F-22 Raptor, marrying two generations of air superiority fighters. “We see the F-15 going out for quite some time, working closely with the F-22. We believe that’s going to be the backbone of both the U.S. Air Force as well as the Air National Guard,” said Steve Parker, vice president of F-15 programs at Boeing, the company that built the jet and is now overseeing many of its upgrades. “That’s going to be the backbone of the air superiority capability right into the 2040s.” New Equipment Would Make More Lethal, Survivable Even though it’s been around since the 1970s, the F-15C/D is still considered one of the best aerial combat jets ever made. In the U.S. military, its dogfighting capabilities are bested only by the stealthy F-22. The Eagles flown by the 104th Fighter Wing were built in the 1980s, making them older than some of the airmen who fly and fix them. Inside the cockpit, the F-15C is a throwback to an analog age. Instead of large, colorful touchscreens — standard in newer planes like the F-22 and F-35 — the Eagle still has round-dial gauges that show speed, fuel, heading, and other flight data. Yet it carries some high-tech gadgets and gizmos. Air National Guard pilots use Sniper targeting pods — more commonly found on ground-attack planes — to read tail numbers from miles away, useful when intercepting planes over the United States, said Travis “Beast” Hazeltine, who runs F-15 testing at the Air National Guard and Air Force Reserve Command Test Center in Jacksonville, Florida. But keeping the Eagles flying has been a challenge. Many of the companies that built its unique parts don’t exist anymore. And despite being kept in top-notch shape, these machines are finicky. Just two days before Talbert’s flight, the jet wouldn’t start after the temperature dropped overnight from 60 degrees to the 30s. And as he guided the plane north to New Hampshire’s restricted airspace, a safe space for the planes to fly high-performance maneuvers, the jet yawed slightly to the right, requiring Talbert to correct its course. Keeping them aloft will only get more expensive. Three decades of high-performance maneuvers have taken their toll on the fleet. The F-15s need new longerons, steel beams that hold the structure of the plane together. Nine years ago, an Eagle broke apart over Missouri when a longeron snapped. The pilot lived, but was injured when he ejected from the crumbling jet. The Eagles also need new wings, a major upgrade planned to be done by the mid-2020s. Then there is the new electronic equipment, including a new central computer, needed to keep the plane lethal against Russian and Chinese surface-to-air missiles and aircraft. “Right now, the processing we have on the jet is equivalent to a Commodore 128,” McLaughlin said. “If you look at all the combat capability we’re still getting out of that thing, that’s pretty awesome.” Boeing’s Parker said the new mission computer is 50 times more powerful. Another important improvement is the Eagle Passive Active Warning System, a digital electronic warfare suite. “It’s going to be a really critical piece of kit, which is going to allow the F-15 … to operate in contested environments and dense environments,” Parker said. But that new $6 billion system is still a decade away, meaning some type of gapfiller is needed, Hazeltine said. Another upgrade, a long-wave infrared search-and-track system, would allow the jet to see enemy threats from long distances. The system allows pilots an alternate way to target enemy planes if the jet’s radar is being jammed. “We need this out there now because … this will be a game-changer for us in the fourth-gen and give us some capability against fifth-gens as well,” McLaughlin said. Some of the old, monochrome screens and analog gauges will be replaced by new color screens. “With the new advancements on the [electronic warfare] side and the mission computer and the missile carriage, it’s going to be a foreseeable beast really for the next 20-plus years,” Parker said. There are also classified improvements being eyed. “We’re constantly trying to stay ahead of our enemy with capabilities and stuff like that,” McLaughlin said. The estimated bill: $12 billion over the next two decades, according to Air Combat Command, the arm of the Air Force that oversees all of its fighter jets. And that doesn’t include other options, like conformal fuel tanks that attach to the side of the plane’s fuselage. “What we see in the future is: range is going to be huge for the Eagle,” Parker said. “It’s going to be able to loiter and with that weapons carriage, it’s going to be very, very effective in where we…the USAF and the Air National Guard see the future fight going.” The tanks would extend the range of the plane, decrease aerial refueling, and allow it to carry more air-to-air missiles. “If we’re not going to be stealthy, might as well be really not stealthy, but carry a lot of weapons and be able to hang out,” said Col. Tom “Sling” Bladen, the 104th Fighter Wing’s operations officer. Boeing’s “F-15 2040C” concept showing 16-missile loadout. (Boeing) Jet Shortage Of the 400-plus F-15C/Ds purchased by the Air Force over the decades, just 212 one-seat C-models and 23 two-seat D-models remain in service. The two-seat versions are used for training. More than half of the jets are spread across five Air National Guard wings. The rest are based at active-duty fighter wings in Japan and England. Here in Massachusetts, the wing’s 18 F-15s are sent on routine deployments or kept on alert, ready to be scrambled in minutes to intercept Russian bombers flying down the coast, a hijacked airliner, or a small Cessna not responding to an radio call. All five National Guard wings maintain jets on alert, armed with air-to-air missiles. These jets are on alert 24 hours per day, 365 days per year. But a wing with so few jets can’t do much training for the F-15’s primary mission: four jets dogfighting against a bunch of enemy planes. “It’s very difficult to do our bread-and-butter mission, which is flying a four-ship [of F-15s] against an outnumbered threat, because we can’t produce the lines organically to do that,” Bladen said. “We have come up with some creative solutions to reinvigorate the four-ship training plan where we’re using alert jets, with permission, to do practice scrambles.” When there were more jets in the Air Force, it was easy to borrow planes or team up with neighboring units. But aging fleets and budgets have led service leaders to cut the number of planes in recent years. Meanwhile, the F-16 Falcon wings that used to join the mock dogfights have for 15 years been focused on training to hit ground targets in Afghanistan and Iraq. “We’d like to have more iron,” said Green, the 104th Fighter Wing’s vice commander. “That would help.” Lt. Gen. Scott Rice, the director of the Air National Guard at the Pentagon and a one-time commander of the 104th, is looking to get his fighter wings more planes — perhaps the F-15s being replaced by F-35s in active duty squadrons. “There probably is not a lot of appetite, in these days with a shortage of manpower and money, to build new units,” Rice said. “But there is an appetite to capitalize on expanding units.” “If you had three or you had six or you had nine [extra jets], you wouldn’t increase manpower a lot and yet you’d increase the number of cockpits and flying platforms,” he said. F-15 pilots are also looking to keep their skills sharp is through deployments. The 104th spent six months in Europe earlier this year as part of Operation Atlantic Resolve, the Pentagon’s response to Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. The unit flew NATO air policing missions in Iceland and participated in multinational exercises in The Netherlands, Estonia and Bulgaria. “It gives us an opportunity to exercise our primary mission, which is air dominance,” said Green, who expects more such deployments in coming years. F-15C Eagles assigned to the 131st Fighter Squadron at Barnes Air National Guard Base, Mass., and the 194th Fighter Squadron at Fresno Air National Guard Base, Calif., wait to refuel during a Red Flag 16-1 training mission in February. (U.S. Air Force) Keeping Busy But it wasn’t easy getting the 104th to Europe. The wing partnered with the 144th Fighter Wing, an F-15 unit based in Fresno, California, to keep the required number of jets sitting alert stateside. “We had to leave pilots and maintenance back here. We had to leave pieces and parts,” said Bladen, the 104th’s operations chief. “We had to make sure our pilots stayed current.” The deployment provided a good reminder of the threat that has emerged in Eastern Europe following Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. “When you take off [in Estonia] you were either in or very close to being in a Russian [surface-to-air-missile] system out of Kaliningrad,” he said. Pilots often spotted Russian warplanes on the other side of the border. “You are totally relying on the fact that we are at peace,” Bladen said. When the 104th arrived in Bulgaria, Russian fighter jets were waiting, prompting their hosts to scramble their Soviet-built Mig-29s. “The day that we brought our F-15s in, they scrambled three times and were put on runway alert once,” Bladen said. “It was because the Russians were probing the border.” In the end, there were no close encounters or incidents between U.S. and Russian aircraft. “We were our own little ‘Sons of Anarchy’ roving motorcycle gang around Europe, in a good way,” Bladen said. In Bulgaria, the fighter wing started the process of standing up an American alert station there. “We put all the pieces in place at the tactical level,” Bladen said. Rice envisions the Guard “being a significant part” of future European deployments. Back in the sky over New Hampshire — as he twists and turns his plane in a simulated dogfight — Talbert and his wingmen hope that the Eagle will be flying missions on those deployments for decades to come. A U.S. Air Force F-15C Eagle aircraft from the 1st Tactical Fighter Wing sits between combat patrols near the Iraqi border during Operation Desert Shield. (U.S. Air Force) Marcus Weisgerber is the global business editor for Defense One, where he writes about the intersection of business and national security. He has been covering defense and national security issues for more than a decade, previously as Pentagon correspondent for Defense News and chief editor of ... Full bio Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article Most Read 1 The YouTube Effect: Intelligence Operations Move Out of the Shadows 2 War in the Information Age 3 How Special Operators Trained for Psychological Warfare Before the Mosul Fight Subscribe Receive daily email updates: Subscribe to the Defense One daily. Be the first to receive updates. Don't Miss Trump’s Foreign Policy Could Change the Entire International System Now What? Trump’s Long List of National Security Unknowns Crises from Europe to the Asia-Pacific Await Donald Trump Trump vs. the Generals The Marines Are Building Robotic War Balls Washington is Quietly Reinforcing Europe’s Northern Flank Russian Subs Are Reheating a Cold War Chokepoint Weapons of the Syrian War: Timeline and Overview If You Do This, the NSA Will Spy on You Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s Show Comments Loading... Hide Comments By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Defenseone.com does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. « Previous War in the Information Age Next » Key airport seized outside Mosul; Turkish troops move toward al-Bab; Cotton: boost BMD, reassure allies; It’s Defense One Summit day!; and just a bit more... Global Business Brief: How Trump could increase defense spending; UK wants 26 Reaper drones Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia The YouTube Effect: Intel Operations Move Out of the Shadows War in the Information Age Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing « Previous War in the Information Age Next » Key airport seized outside Mosul; Turkish troops move toward al-Bab; Cotton: boost BMD, reassure allies; It’s Defense One Summit day!; and just a bit more... Defense One About Contact Us Events Advertise Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Government Executive Nextgov Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from DefenseOne   Next Story  
Subscribe Information that drives Canadian industry News Features Insights Technology Centre Events Plant Expo Upcoming Events More Digital Edition Plant West E-newsletter Salary Calculator Contacts Advertise Boeing to cut some jobs, move others, in efficiency effort November 16, 2016 by ASSOCIATED PRESS Topics General Industries Aerospace Manufacturing Tags aerospace Boeing Huntington jobs manufacturing ST. LOUIS — Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs and close two facilities by the end of 2020 in an effort to make its Defence, Space & Security business more efficient, the company said. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, Calif., will move to plants in three other Southern California locations — El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. About 500 positions will move to St. Louis County in Missouri, and 400 will shift to Huntsville, Ala. Chicago-based Boeing will close a plant that employs 290 people in El Paso, Tex., and another that employs 70 people in Newington, Va. The company said the moves will reduce facility space by about 4.5 million square feet. The Huntington Beach plant will remain open. Boeing spokesman Ken Smith declined to say how many workers will remain there. The company will move an unspecified number of jobs from Kent, Wash., to Tukwila, Wash. The two towns are just 16 miles apart. “In order to push ourselves farther and win more business, we need to make the most of our resources and talent,” Leanne Caret, president and CEO of Boeing Defence, Space & Security, said in a statement. “These steps will help us be a stronger partner for our customers worldwide.” The company said it also will align Boeing Defence Australia, Boeing Defence Saudi Arabia, and Boeing Defence United Kingdom into a new global operations group, led by David Pitchforth, managing director of Boeing Defence UK. Share This Post Tweet Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Print this page Related Posts Boeing to end C-17 cargo jet production in 2015 Boeing shutters Wichita plant, cutting 2,160 jobs Boeing to lay off 800 workers at Washington plant Boeing to power Washington 737 factory with renewables Have your say: Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * E-mail * Website Ford CEO Fields says Mexico production plans on track despite election Canada, Mexico talked before making NAFTA overture to Trump Manufacturers’ Outlook 2016 Survey results and roundtable discussion. Download PDF Sponsored by Salary Calculator Sponsored by More REDWIRE Services Subscribe to Print E-newsletter Advertise Content Marketing Contacts Magazine View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives View Digital Edition Browse Print Archives Trending Is Trump’s anti NAFTA rhetoric all about Mexico? Trudeau to talk trade, investment in Cuba, South America Worker dies after exposure to cyanide Bank of Canada does not need to move interest rate in step with US Fed They need us nearly as much as we need them: Duguid on the US Ontario using reserve fund to help balance books Canada’s technology sector to get boost from fears about Trump Manufacturing Network Sitemap Copyright Notice Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 Annex Business Media × Close REDWIRE Powered by FRASERS REDWIRE is News you can use from Leading Suppliers. Why? Suppliers realize that B2B Buyer behavior has changed and so must they. Fact is buyers are doing a lot more upfront online research as part of their buying process today. Leading Suppliers want to support this buying process with useful facts, insights and newsworthy content – goes well beyond your typical press release or web site content. Suppliers realize that the content cannot just be “self serving” in nature because the content will not engage and be useful to prospective buyers. Post your own REDWIRE News Okay
News | Politics 21 Nov 2016 7:03 | outlook hotmail | yahoo mail | gmail | news | weather | finance | shopping | about nzcity | NZCity News SEARCH  SearchNZ forNZ Web sites for NZ Jobs forNZ Domain Names forNZ News forNewsLinks forthe White Pages forthe Yellow Pages forGoogle forLycos forYahoo forBing for Start Page Personalise    News Top Stories Business Sports Politics Health & Safety Law and Order Technology Education Living & Travel Entertainment Motoring Environment National International Accidents Maori Rural Local Politics Sport Weather Olympic Games Finance Shopping Jobs Horoscopes Lotto Results Photo Gallery Site Gallery TVNow Dating SearchNZ NZSearch Crime.co.nz RugbyLeague Make Home About NZCity Contact NZCity Your Privacy Advertising Login Join for Free   Home > News > Politics PM should fly Air NZ: NZ First Prime Minister John Key should consider flying commercially with Air New Zealand instead of spending money on a new Defence Force plane, New Zealand First says. 25 October 2016 Air New Zealand Prime Minister John Key should consider chartering an Air New Zealand flight or buying a seat instead of replacing the broken down New Zealand Air Force plane he uses for international travel, New Zealand First says. The use of two 23-year-old Boeing 757-200s have again come under scrutiny from deputy leader Ron Mark after one broke down en route to India where Mr Key is set to hold a number of high level meetings, including with his counterpart Narendra Modi. The Boeing was scheduled for only brief stopover in Australia but developed mechanical problems in Townsville meaning Mr Key and his delegation was forced to stay the night and wait for a replacement plane. It has been slated for replacement, but Mr Mark says the Defence Force shouldn't have to foot the bill. "If the Prime Minister wants 'PM 1' then his own department should fund the $140 million it will cost for something like an Airbus A320 instead of the New Zealand Defence Force," he said. "Alternatively, we have an award-winning state airline that can do that job by charter or by buying a seat like the rest of us." Mr Mark said the plane flew just 571 flight hours between January 2013 and September 2015, a fifth of what a commercial plane would do. "It sounds counter-intuitive, but aircraft are much easier to maintain if they're kept flying than sitting on the tarmac," he said, highlighting his concerns about commercial jets flying too few hours in military service. It's not the first time in recent months the PM has had plane trouble. One of the 757s was grounded for several hours in Laos last month after Mr Key attended the East Asia Summit. The plane was flown to Guam for repairs while Mr Key attended the Pacific Islands Forum before returning to New Zealand. NZN >> More Politics News  © 2016 NZN, NZCity  Other Politics News  20 Nov: Key gives Zuckerberg talking to about tax  20 Nov: Key proposes 'Trump Pacific Partnership'  20 Nov: Meet the men vying to be France's Les Republicains party's presidential candidate  20 Nov: China will fill trade void left by US: Key  19 Nov: Green Party launches rent-to-buy policy  19 Nov: Key says TPP without US on table  19 Nov: APEC Summit: Malcolm Turnbull arrives in Peru to pursue free trade, fails to secure Trump meeting  Top Stories RUGBY 'Colossal' Whitelock lauded for NZ showing More... BUSINESS Kings reign supreme, 36ers struggle in NBL More...  Today's News Entertainment: Black Eyed Peas member Taboo has opened up on his battle with testicular cancer 6:43 Rugby League: Brilliant Aussies claim Four Nations glory 6:27 Entertainment: Keith Urban says Nicole Kidman is an "incredible" mother 6:13 Soccer: Ref controversy shrouds A-League Rd 7 22:37 Basketball: Clarke inspires Hawks to surge past NZ 21:57 Entertainment: Kendall Jenner says the highlight of her 21st birthday was not puking 21:43 Motoring: Volkswagen's WRC era ends with another 1-2 21:27 Entertainment: Robert Downey Jr. is set to direct a new television drama 21:13 Entertainment: Madonna will be the next star to join James Corden for 'Carpool Karaoke' 20:43 Environment: Army convoy arrives, whales play: Kaikoura 20:17  News Search Politics NZ News NewsLinks NZ Web Power Search © 2016 New Zealand City Ltd
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Tapestry Solutions Launches IoT Enterprise Sensor Integration Solution SAN DIEGO, Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Tapestry Solutions, Inc., a non-fully integrated subsidiary of Boeing [NSYE: BA], has launched its Enterprise Sensor Integration (ESI) software platform that will transform supply chain operations and help businesses tap the power of the Internet of Things (IoT). Tapestry’s ESI middleware solution seamlessly connects people, processes and data on factory floors, supply chains, and across the enterprise.  By providing a standard infrastructure for data and analytics, ESI gives decision-makers a complete picture of their inventory and asset movements during the production process. ESI harnesses the power of Big Data, boosting manufacturing efficiency, productivity and profitability. It serves as the foundation for the IoT, where internet-enabled devices are connected, intelligent and interactive. “ESI is a game-changer in the industry. It will modernize supply chain and manufacturing operations, and in the process, help businesses grow their bottom line,” said Robin Wright, president & CEO of Tapestry Solutions. “ESI will not only give businesses a competitive advantage, it will also accelerate industry innovation around the globe. We’re proud to be part of this IoT sensor revolution,” added Dr. Jens Pohl, vice president of Engineering, Tapestry Solutions. ESI is based on Tapestry’s field-proven technology deployed at 50 Boeing assembly plants. At Boeing – the world’s largest aerospace company – the custom technology is called the Automated Identification Technology – Information Management System (AIT-IMS). In its first year alone, AIT-IMS has saved Boeing approximately $100 million through decreased assembly time, automated asset receipt/payment, enhanced inventory management and improved quality and safety. Tapestry’s commercial ESI solution features a cloud-based platform and integration with temperature sensors, thermostats, pressure sensors and humidity sensors. Through data fusion, ESI integrates a myriad of sensor technologies that track, monitor and control assets and workflow processes on a common platform. It combines data from sensors, software and electronics – from bar codes, RFID, Wi-Fi and GPS tags to scanners and ultra-wideband wireless systems. ESI also unlocks the massive opportunity of the future IoT, where everything is smart and interconnected – from smart cities and homes to smart factories.  For manufacturing, ESI is not limited to tracking assets and enhancing supply chain visibility. It can also be linked to a building’s infrastructure and equipment, and manage heating, lighting and door security systems as well as machine sensors. The enterprise-class platform has interconnected numerous aspects of Boeing’s asset management and supply chain.  As a result of its successful implementation, AIT-IMS will serve as the platform for Boeing’s IoT integration efforts. Tapestry Solutions, Inc. is a global provider of information management software and services for defense, government and commercial markets. Backed by our parent company, Boeing, we help solve logistics challenges for the world’s largest and most complex supply chains. We also provide mission planning, training and simulation support to maximize readiness for our warfighters.  Headquartered in San Diego, Calif., Tapestry supports customers from over 50 locations around the world. For details, visit www.tapestrysolutions.com CONTACT: Janet Dayton 1-858-6772101 jdayton@tapestrysolutions.com   satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 16, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: AAPS Doctors Urge Donald Trump to "Fire" Architects of Healthcare "Reform" Next Next post: Miracle technology for Breakthrough Energy Coalition Search for: Search Recent Posts Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Gallery Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Punditry Editorial Comment Columnists Have Your Say Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Breakingviews Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Gallery Photo Gallery Video Gallery BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe             TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #TrumpAtWhiteHouse News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Reuters » News Gold dips as dollar ticks up, but finds support at $1,225/oz Business Standard Boeing to cut 500 jobs in defense and space unit Reuters  November 16, 2016 Last Updated at 16:24 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2TJDgUT Copy tiny URL to save and share articles. ALSO READ Boeing to cut 500 jobs in defence and space unit Chevron Thailand to cut 800 jobs under $500 million cost-savings plan Bombardier to cut another 7,500 jobs through 2018, most in rail Bombardier to cut 7,500 more jobs through 2018, mostly in rail VW's MAN to cut 1,400 jobs at diesel-engine unit (Reuters) - Boeing Co, the world's biggest planemaker, said on Tuesday that it would cut 500 jobs over four years and shut two plants as it revamps its defense and space unit. The company, which is shutting plants in El Paso, Texas and Newington, Virginia, said some jobs in Huntington Beach plant would move to El Segundo, Long Beach, and Seal Beach in Southern California. Boeing also said many positions in Kent, Washington will move to nearby Tukwila. The company said about 1,600 positions will move to Los Angeles County, California; 500 to St. Louis, Missouri and about 400 to Huntsville, Alabama as part of the consolidation. (http://bit.ly/2fuDKh2) The charges related to job cuts and the consolidation were not material, a Boeing spokesman told Reuters. The company also said it would create a new global operations group that would include its defense units in Australia, Saudi Arabia, and UK. The unit will he headed by David Pitchforth, managing director of the company's UK defense unit. Boeing's defense, space and security business, which had about 48,000 employees as of Oct. 27, accounted for 31.4 percent of the company's total revenue of $23.9 billion in the latest quarter. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera and Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Read More On Boeing To Cut 500 Jobs In Defense And Space Unit PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Punto Evo - With Cash Benefits upto ? 60,000. Know More. T&C Buy New Age Health Insurance with Added Benefits New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Fiat Linea - 125PS Power &TouchScreen Navigation System.T&C. Intelligent Retail of the Future Enjoy Free Stock Trading with Upstox Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Super Saver Health Insurance for Whole Family Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Boeing to cut 500 jobs in defense and space unit (Reuters) - Boeing Co, the world's biggest planemaker, said on Tuesday that it would cut 500 jobs over four years and shut two plants as it revamps its defense and space unit. (Reuters) - Boeing Co, the world's biggest planemaker, said on Tuesday that it would cut 500 jobs over four years and shut two plants as it revamps its defense and space unit. The company, which is shutting plants in El Paso, Texas and Newington, Virginia, said some jobs in Huntington Beach plant would move to El Segundo, Long Beach, and Seal Beach in Southern California. Boeing also said many positions in Kent, Washington will move to nearby Tukwila. The company said about 1,600 positions will move to Los Angeles County, California; 500 to St. Louis, Missouri and about 400 to Huntsville, Alabama as part of the consolidation. (http://bit.ly/2fuDKh2) The charges related to job cuts and the consolidation were not material, a Boeing spokesman told Reuters. The company also said it would create a new global operations group that would include its defense units in Australia, Saudi Arabia, and UK. The unit will he headed by David Pitchforth, managing director of the company's UK defense unit. Boeing's defense, space and security business, which had about 48,000 employees as of Oct. 27, accounted for 31.4 percent of the company's total revenue of $23.9 billion in the latest quarter. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera and Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Boeing to cut 500 jobs in defense and space unit (Reuters) - Boeing Co, the world's biggest planemaker, said on Tuesday that it would cut 500 jobs over four years and shut two plants as it revamps its defense and space unit. The company, which is shutting plants in El Paso, Texas and Newington, Virginia, said some jobs in Huntington Beach plant would move to El Segundo, Long Beach, and Seal Beach in Southern California. Boeing also said many positions in Kent, Washington will move to nearby Tukwila. The company said about 1,600 positions will move to Los Angeles County, California; 500 to St. Louis, Missouri and about 400 to Huntsville, Alabama as part of the consolidation. (http://bit.ly/2fuDKh2) The charges related to job cuts and the consolidation were not material, a Boeing spokesman told Reuters. The company also said it would create a new global operations group that would include its defense units in Australia, Saudi Arabia, and UK. The unit will he headed by David Pitchforth, managing director of the company's UK defense unit. Boeing's defense, space and security business, which had about 48,000 employees as of Oct. 27, accounted for 31.4 percent of the company's total revenue of $23.9 billion in the latest quarter. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera and Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) (This story has not been edited by Business Standard staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Reuters Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2015 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Elections 2016 Assam Elections Kerala Elections Tamil Nadu Elections West Bengal Elections Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
IHS.com Products Advertise Client Login Home Defence Platforms Platforms Home Air Platforms Land Platforms Sea Platforms Weapons Weapons Home Air-Launched Weapons Infantry Weapons Naval Weapons C4iSR & Missions Systems C4iSR & Missions Systems Home C4iSR: Air C4iSR: Land C4iSR: Maritime C4iSR: Joint & Common Equipment CBRNE & EOD Defence Security Country Risk Military Capabilities CBRN Assessment Terrorism & Insurgency Industry Capability Profiles Thought Leadership Multimedia Press Events INDODEFENCE 2016 Africa Aerospace & Defence 2016 Farnborough Air Show 2016 Eurosatory 2016 CANSEC 2016 SOFEX 2016 AUSA 2015 DSEI 2015 Paris Air Show 2015 IDEX 2015 Magazines IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review More Industry Press Releases Multimedia IHS Jane's Defence Weekly IHS Jane's International Defence Review IHS Jane's Navy International IHS Jane's Intelligence Review Security HOME SECURITY MILITARY CAPABILITIES ARTICLE CONTENT PREVIEW To read the full article, Client Login Military Capabilities India to get additional P-8Is from 2020 Rahul Bedi, New Delhi - IHS Jane's Defence Weekly 16 November 2016 Deliveries of the four additional Boeing P-8I Neptune long-range maritime multi-mission aircraft ordered for the Indian Navy (IN) in July for USD1 billion are expected to begin in 2020. "We are looking forward to delivering the options by July 2020," Boeing's P-8I chief engineer Mark Jordan told the Press Trust of India in Seattle on 15 November. IN spokesman Captain D K Sharma told IHS Jane's a day later that delivery of all the aircraft is set to be completed by 2021. Jordan also said that Boeing was in talks with the IN to upgrade the eight P-8Is the service acquired in 2009 for USD2.1 billion. All these aircraft were delivered by 2015. The upgrades are likely to include providing the P-8Is with an aerial re-fuelling capability to enhance their operational range beyond 1,200 n miles, in addition to fitting them with assorted advanced avionics and other systems. Deliveries of the four additional Boeing P-8I Neptune aircraft ordered for the IN in July are expected to begin in 2020, according to Boeing. (Boeing) IN sources said the four supplementary platforms are being acquired via a direct commercial sale with Boeing and the US Foreign Military Sales programme. The four new P-8Is will be equipped with Raytheon Space and Airborne Systems' newly designed AN/APY-10 multi-mission maritime, littoral and overland surveillance radar capable of providing high-resolution images in land and sea modes. They will also be armed with Harpoon Block II anti-ship missiles and Raytheon Integrated Defense Systems Mk 54 Mod 0 lightweight anti-submarine warfare torpedoes capable of being released from a height of about six kilometres. Official sources pointed out, however, that it is unclear whether the new P-8Is will be delivered with secure and encrypted communication suites and electronic warfare systems. The reason for this is that India and the US are still in talks over the signing of two 'foundational agreements' required for the sale of such equipment: the Communication Interoperability and Security Memorandum Agreement (CISMoA) and the Basic Exchange and Co-operation Agreement for Geo-Spatial Co-operation (BECA). Want to read more? For analysis on this article and access to all our insight content, please enquire about our subscription options　ihs.com/contact To read the full article, Client Login (336 of 456 words) Related IHS Products IHS Jane's Security Intelligence Solutions IHS Jane's Nuclear, Biological and Chemical Defence IHS Jane's Military and Security Assessments IHS Jane's Terrorism & Insurgency Centre IHS Jane's Military Capabilities IHS Jane's Security: News Module IHS Jane's Defence Weekly ASIA Cambodia boosts 2017 defence budget INDUSTRY Hyundai Heavy announces major restructuring INDUSTRY RUAG opens Malaysian MRO facility INDUSTRY Seoul prosecutors inspect DAPA over alleged information leaks INDUSTRY Vietnam expanding runway and building new hangars on Spratly Island, says research group MILITARY CAPABILITIES ASIA Cambodia boosts 2017 defence budget INDUSTRY Hyundai Heavy announces major restructuring INDUSTRY RUAG opens Malaysian MRO facility INDUSTRY Seoul prosecutors inspect DAPA over alleged information leaks INDUSTRY Vietnam expanding runway and building new hangars on Spratly Island, says research group MILITARY CAPABILITIES MILITARY AND SECURITY ASSESSMENTS Bolivian Air Force receives first Zlin aircraft MILITARY CAPABILITIES Brazil to increase border control, seek foreign collaboration COUNTRY RISK Colombian Marines to create new international combat training centre MILITARY CAPABILITIES Lürssen delivers first patrol boat to Saudi Arabia COUNTRY RISK Militaries move to leverage benefits of social media MILITARY CAPABILITIES MILITARY AND SECURITY ASSESSMENTS Bolivian Air Force receives first Zlin aircraft MILITARY CAPABILITIES Brazil to increase border control, seek foreign collaboration COUNTRY RISK Colombian Marines to create new international combat training centre MILITARY CAPABILITIES Lürssen delivers first patrol boat to Saudi Arabia SEA PLATFORMS Militaries move to leverage benefits of social media MILITARY CAPABILITIES IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Finland fires Bonus artillery rounds for first time IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY NATO leader confident Trump will stick by the alliance IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY US approves USD31.2 billion of fighter sales to the Middle East IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Bolivian Air Force receives first Zlin aircraft IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Brazil to increase border control, seek foreign collaboration IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY IHS JANE'S DEFENCE WEEKLY Finland fires Bonus artillery rounds for first time WEAPONS NATO leader confident Trump will stick by the alliance INDUSTRY US approves USD31.2 billion of fighter sales to the Middle East INDUSTRY Bolivian Air Force receives first Zlin aircraft MILITARY CAPABILITIES Brazil to increase border control, seek foreign collaboration COUNTRY RISK FEATURED REPORT Support at sea: New-generation afloat support ships A number of navies are undertaking acquisition programmes intended to recapitalise their afloat replenishment and maritime logistics capabilities. Luca Peruzzi and Richard Scott report Download here ADVERTISEMENT Interested in subscribing to complete IHS content? Call us Americas: +1 866 542 1486 Asia-Pacific: +604 291 3735 Europe, Africa & Middle East: +44 (0)1344 328 155 ihs.com/contact Industry Links IHS Jane's is not responsible for the content within or linking from Industry Links pages. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT BACK TO TOP Home Defence Security Industry Multimedia Industry Press Releases Events Magazines IHS Jane's 360 Editorial Team Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map 360 Websites Datasheets360 IHS Electronics360 IHS Airport 360 IHS Engineering360 IHS Maritime 360 IHS IHS.com About IHS A-Z Products Contact Us Copyright © 2016 IHS. All rights reserved. Reproduction in whole or in part without permission is prohibited.
Skip to navigation Skip to content This website uses some cookies to give you the best experience. We will assume you are happy with this, however you can accept/reject this here: Accept Reject Login with LinkedIn Login Sign up for free Menu Login / Register Search Search: Search Menu Navigation: Home Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Previous Events Interested in Hosting? Resource Centre Register Now Route Exchange What is Route Exchange? Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Requests For Proposals Airline Briefings Airline Opportunities Airline Start-Up Zone News My News Breaking News Airlineroute.net Community Blog Routes TV More Careers Library Media Centre Testimonials Advertise With Us Search Search: Search Section Navigation: Oman Airports Management Company Overview News Blog Tourism Cargo Route Development / Marketing Trade Catchment and Demographics Airline Opportunities Videos Photos Contacts Blog OMAN AIRPORTS ATTENDS WTM LONDON 2016 US BANGLA Flies Daily service to Muscat Oman Airports Attended IATA Slot Conference in Atlanta, USA OMAN AIRPORTS ATTENDS WORLD ROUTES CHENGDU-CHINA 2016 Thai AirAsia X launches direct flight from Muscat-Bangkok (Don Mueang) View All US BANGLA Flies Daily service to Muscat Route Exchange Share Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Oman Airports Management Company Oman Airports Management Company (OAMC) is responsible for managing and operating Muscat International and Salalah Airports in Oman. Muscat International Airport is the main gateway to Oman, the... Read more Country: Oman Telephone: +968 24341498 Website: www.omanairports.com Type: 4 Million + IATA: MCT ICAO: OOMS Profile Sections: Overview About Content Tourism Cargo Route Development / Marketing Trade Catchment and Demographics News Blog Opportunities Photographs Videos Contacts US BANGLA Flies Daily service to Muscat Posted 16 November 2016 12:00 International Marketing Summary/ November 2016 US Bangla Airlines now operates non-stop flights from Dhaka –Muscat and Chittagong- Muscat route, four weekly flights operating with two B 737- 800 Boeing aircrafts on the route. According to US Bangla team, the airline is objective to start operating daily flights to Muscat international Airport. Muscat International Airport welcomed its first direct flight of US-Bangla Airlines on Saturday the 12 of November 2016. US-Bangla Airlines has been voted as the best domestic airline in Bangladesh in 2015.  US Bangla Airlines will further connect to Kolkata, India, Kuala Lumpur, Singapore, Kathmandu, Nepal and several destinations of Bangladesh with a brief stopover in the country; offering passengers an option in Oman to other south Asian destinations. US-Bangla Airlines (USBA) Ltd. is an affiliate of the US-Bangla Group, located in Dhaka. The Airline started its journey in 2013 and in 2016 declared the operation of its first two Boeing 737-800 aircraft. It also launched its first international flights last May with its flights to Nepal’s Tribhuvan airport. The city office of US-Bangla Airlines has also officially opened, in addition to US-Bangla Airlines appointing Travel Point LLC as its general sales agent (GSA) in Oman. The Airlines works in favor of the bigger community of Bangladesh nationals residing in the Sultanate of Oman. As an inaugural offer, US-Bangla Airlines is offering fares as low as OMR45 to Dhaka, Chittagong and Sylhet. The addition of new direct flights to the Sultanate is a significant step towards OAMC’s strategic goal of placing Oman Airports amongst the top 20 airports in the world by 2020. Share Post Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comments Content Tourism Cargo Route Development / Marketing Trade Catchment and Demographics Status Update “has written OMAN AIRPORTS ATTENDS WTM LONDON 2016” Contacts Salsabeel Al Busaidi Airline coordinator View Bio Iman Al Nasseri Airline Marketing Officer View Bio Abdul Nasser Al-Yamani Route development Manager View Bio Walaa Al-Zadjali Airline Marketing Specialist View Bio Abdullah Busadi Head of Media & PR View Bio Dagmo Jama Aviation Marketing Manager View Bio Kimmo Ruotsalainen Commercial Operations - Head of Sales and Marketing View Bio View all Back to Top Sign up for free Connect with us LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Facebook YouTube Miscellaneous Links Events World Routes 2017 Routes Americas 2017 Routes Asia 2017 Routes Europe 2017 Routes Awards Route Exchange Airline Members Airport Members Destination Members Supplier Members Airline Opportunities About Route Exchange News & Media News Routes Update Press Releases Community Blog Routes TV Company About Us Contact Us Careers Accessibility Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Privacy Policy Sitemap UBM (UK) Ltd., 113-115 Portland Street, Manchester, M1 6DW, United Kingdom T. +44 (0)161 234 2711 F. +44 (0)161 234 2727 Company Number: 00370721 © 2016 UBM (UK) Ltd., All Rights Reserved
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com Aerospace Products & Services Stocks under Scanner — United Technologies, The Boeing, Smith & Wesson, and Raytheon http://stock-callers.com/registration United Technologies   Farmington, Connecticut headquartered United Technologies Corp.’s stock finished Tuesday’s session 0.17% lower at $107.68 with a total volume of 3.80 million shares traded. Over the last one month and the previous one year, United Technologies’ shares have gained 7.99% and 12.30%, respectively. Shares of the Company, which provides technology products and services to building systems and aerospace industries worldwide, are trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 5.55% and 7.05%, respectively. United Technologies’ stock traded at a PE ratio of 23.62 and has a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 70.53. Sign up and read the free research report on UTX at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=UTX The Boeing   On Tuesday, shares in Chicago, Illinois headquartered The Boeing Co. recorded a trading volume of 3.85 million shares, which was higher than their three months average volume of 3.44 million shares. The stock ended the day 1.25% lower at $148.11. Shares of the Company, which together with its subsidiaries, designs, develops, manufactures, sells, services, and supports commercial jetliners, military aircraft, satellites, missile defense, human space flight, and launch systems and services worldwide, are trading at a PE ratio of 22.53. Boeing Co.’s stock has gained 11.38% in the last one month, 10.78% in the previous three months, and 6.02% in the past one year. The Company is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 10.00% and 15.32%, respectively. Furthermore, shares of Boeing have an RSI of 71.66. On October 26th, 2016, research firm Standpoint Research downgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‘Buy’ to ‘Sell’, issuing a target price of $125 per share. The complimentary research report on BA can be downloaded at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=BA Smith & Wesson   Springfield, Massachusetts-based Smith & Wesson Holding Corp.’s stock edged 0.34% higher, to close the day at $23.66. The stock recorded a trading volume of 3.07 million shares, which was above its three months average volume of 2.23 million shares. Smith & Wesson’s shares have surged 35.28% in the past one year. Shares of the Company, which manufactures and sells firearm products and accessories, are trading 9.94% and 8.12% below its 50-day and 200-day moving averages, respectively. Additionally, the stock traded at a PE ratio of 11.82 and has an RSI of 40.91. Register for free on Stock-Callers.com and access the latest report on SWHC at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=SWHC Raytheon   On Tuesday, shares in Waltham, Massachusetts headquartered Raytheon Co. ended the session 1.63% lower at $147.29 with a total volume of 2.47 million shares traded. Raytheon’s shares have advanced 7.29% in the last one month, 4.24% in the previous three months, and 23.32% in the past one year. Shares of the Company, which develops technologically integrated products, services, and solutions worldwide, are trading at a PE ratio of 19.78. The stock is trading 6.72% above its 50-day moving average and 11.67% above its 200-day moving average. Moreover, shares of the Company have an RSI of 66.35. On October 28th, 2016, research firm Deutsche Bank reiterated its ‘Hold’ rating on the Company’s stock with an increase of the target price from $140 a share to $145 a share. Get free access to your research report on RTN at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=RTN — Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the “Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the “Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the “Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you‘re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number:  +44 330 808 3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 16, 2016November 16, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Automotive Usage-Based Insurance (UBI) Market Report 2016-2026: Forecasts & Analysis of Leading Companies Developing Black-Box, OBD-II Dongle, Smartphone & Hybrid Next Next post: Transform Holiday Leftovers with truRoots® Search for: Search Recent Posts Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Cultural exchange becomes spotlight on 3rd WIC Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense The Wall Street Journal Get email alerts The Wall Street Journal Boeing to cut another 500 defense jobs over the next four years By Doug Cameron Published: Nov 16, 2016 7:29 a.m. ET Share Aerospace giant has already shed nearly 7,000 workers this year Bloomberg News By DougCameron Boeing Co. said Tuesday it would cut 500 net jobs over the next four years from its defense and space business in Southern California as it shrinks work at its Huntington Beach facility and closes two smaller plants in Texas and Virginia. The aerospace company BA, +0.70%   plans to transfer work on a range of military, space and commercial aircraft programs to existing facilities, cutting the amount of manufacturing and office space at its domestic plants by 4.5 million square feet from an existing total of around 80 million square feet, a trim of almost 6%. The Pentagon has said the U.S. military has 20% more facility space than it needs, though Congress has opposed more base closures. Defense companies such as Lockheed Martin Corp. and Raytheon Co. have been cutting their own real estate holdings by around 10% in recent years. An expanded version of this report appears at WSJ.com. Popular now on WSJ.com: Donald Trump’s Transition Team Reshaped Yuan Slides to Lowest Level in Nearly Eight Years More from MarketWatch Proposed Passenger Jet Could Reach Supersonic Speeds Donald Trump's Priorities in First 100 Days Donald Trump's Influential Son-in-Law MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Boeing Co. U.S.: NYSE: BA $146.35 +1.02 (+0.70%) Volume 2.2M Open $145.18 High $146.60 Low $144.46 P/E Ratio 22.28 Div Yield 2.98 Market Cap 90.3B LatestNews
null
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai Bengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Business Boeing to cut 500 jobs in defence and space unit under its revival plan  By Reuters  |   Published: 16th November 2016 08:16 AM  |   Last Updated: 16th November 2016 08:16 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email The Boeing Company logo is projected on a wall at the 'What's Next?' conference in Chicago, Illinois, U.S., October 4, 2016. | Reuters Boeing Co (BA.N), the world's biggest planemaker, said on Tuesday that it would cut 500 jobs over four years and shut two plants as it revamps its defence and space unit. The company, which is shutting plants in El Paso, Texas and Newington, Virginia, said some jobs in Huntington Beach plant would move to El Segundo, Long Beach, and Seal Beach in Southern California. Boeing also said many positions in Kent, Washington will move to nearby Tukwila. The company said about 1,600 positions will move to Los Angeles County, California; 500 to St. Louis, Missouri and about 400 to Huntsville, Alabama as part of the consolidation. (http://bit.ly/2fuDKh2) The changes related to job cuts and the consolidation were not material, a Boeing spokesman told Reuters. The company also said it would create a new global operations group that would include its defence units in Australia, Saudi Arabia, and UK. The unit will he headed by David Pitchforth, managing director of the company's UK defence unit. Boeing's defence, space and security business, which had about 48,000 employees as of Oct. 27, accounted for 31.4 percent of the company's total revenue of $23.9 billion in the latest quarter. TAGS Boeing job cut defence space O P E N Coupon Flipkart Shopclues eBay Mobile Prices Samsung Mobile Prices Micromax Mobile Prices Apple Mobile Latest Bhagwant Mann to contest against Sukhbir Badal: Kejriwal Over Rs 16 lakh cash seized in Gujarat's Sabarkantha district Man burns 16-year-old daughter to death in Mathura Bihar MP Pappu Yadav asks people to burn down ATMs PM attacks Mamata on demonetisation Gallery Chennai's Saidapet gets old cine charm with graffiti on station walls First glimpses from bypolls: Citizens vote in Puducherry, Tamil Nadu arrow Videos Taylor Swift becomes an 'experience' Why Pennsylvania Democrats voted for Trump arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express. 2016 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Sakhi | Cinema Express | Malayalam Vaarika Contact Us | About Us | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
WEARECENTRALPA 33° Altoona Overcast WEARECENTRALPA 33° Altoona Overcast Sections News Weather Sections News Your Local Election Headquarters Local News National News Healthcast Pet Patrol Entertainment News CBS News Live Business News Weird News Lottery Newscast Copies Submit a News Tip Weather Local Weather SkyNet Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Closings And Delays Traffic Cams Map Center Almanac Pollen Forecast Rivers Sports Local Sports Concussion Awareness Sportsbeat High School Scoreboard Nittany Nation Steeler Nation Big Ol' Fish NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Auto Racing Golf Community Penn State Health Web Chats Local Events Gas Tracker Puzzles & Games Contests Horoscopes Hometown Heroes Go with Joe Shredding Obituaries YMCA Backpack Program Children's Miracle Network Central PA Live On Today's Show Chef Showcase Perry Wellington Real Estate 4.5 Pet Patrol Life & Health Handyman Dwight Central PA Live Dubs Marketplace Business Directory WTAJ Frugal Fridays Par Fore Pennies Central PA Pros Your Wellness Network Restaurant Loyalty Auto Classifieds Free Classifieds Coupons and Deals Coupon Bug About US Meet the Team Contact Us TV Schedule Sign up for Alerts Apps Jobs at WTAJ Watch CBS News Weather Sports Central PA Live Contests Central PA Pros Classifieds Pope Francis: A Journey of Family Faith and the Future Halloween 2015 Central PA Live Dubs Don't Text & Drive Site Relevance Date Search Site Relevance Date Search News Your Local Election Headquarters Local News National News Healthcast Pet Patrol Entertainment News CBS News Live Business News Weird News Lottery Newscast Copies Submit a News Tip Weather Local Weather SkyNet Interactive Radar Weather Alerts Closings And Delays Traffic Cams Map Center Almanac Pollen Forecast Rivers Sports Local Sports Concussion Awareness Sportsbeat High School Scoreboard Nittany Nation Steeler Nation Big Ol' Fish NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Auto Racing Golf Community Penn State Health Web Chats Local Events Gas Tracker Puzzles & Games Contests Horoscopes Hometown Heroes Go with Joe Shredding Obituaries YMCA Backpack Program Children's Miracle Network Central PA Live On Today's Show Chef Showcase Perry Wellington Real Estate 4.5 Pet Patrol Life & Health Handyman Dwight Central PA Live Dubs Marketplace Business Directory WTAJ Frugal Fridays Par Fore Pennies Central PA Pros Your Wellness Network Restaurant Loyalty Auto Classifieds Free Classifieds Coupons and Deals Coupon Bug About US Meet the Team Contact Us TV Schedule Sign up for Alerts Apps Jobs at WTAJ Watch CBS Want to earn $300,000 tax free? Try flying a plane in China China faces acute shortage By Jethro Mullen Published 11/16 2016 09:15AM Updated 11/16 2016 09:19AM Copyright 2016 Cable News Network/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. HONG KONG (CNNMoney) Chinese airlines are offering huge pay packages to tempt foreign pilots as demand for air travel balloons. Some carriers are advertising salaries of more than $300,000 a year -- and they say they'll cover the tax bill, too. "There's not enough pilots in the world to fill the demand," said Dave Ross, the CEO of Wasinc International, a firm that finds pilots for Chinese airlines. "This is why the pay keeps going higher." China will need between 4,000 and 5,000 new airline pilots every year for the next two decades, analysts estimate. Chinese airlines are among the fastest growing on the planet -- at home and abroad -- and they're the biggest buyers of jetliners from Airbus and Boeing. Training schools in China aren't churning out enough pilots to keep up with the industry's meteoric growth, and there's an acute shortage of experienced captains. The airlines' rich offers have attracted industry veterans from all around the globe. "Before I was flying anywhere from 80-100 hours a month. Here, I only fly 50 for pretty much three times the pay," said Jeff Graham. He left a job with cargo airline Southern Air in San Antonio, Texas, last year to work for a carrier in the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen. For Fernando, a former captain for a top Mexican airline, the economics of moving to China were even more compelling. He says he's set to make five or six times as much money at a carrier in the city of Chengdu. "There were a couple of other options in Asia, but the pay -- the best rate now -- is in China," said Fernando, who declined to be identified by his full name because he didn't have permission from the airline to speak publicly. He and his wife moved to Chengdu in August, and he recently finished his training. Western pilots have long chased the financial incentives that come with hot demand for their skills and experience. Veteran aviators who once flew for U.S. and European airlines upped sticks previously for Middle Eastern carriers. Some of those same pilots are now headed from Dubai to China, according to one Boeing 777 pilot who has followed the money east. Multiple ads from Chinese airlines on recruitment sites like Wasinc offer monthly salaries of more than $25,000 (with tax paid) for captains. One from Chengdu Airlines boasts that it offers the "highest pay in China" at $25,800 a month with a $36,000 bonus for completing a three-year contract. "In China, pilots are always in short supply," said Guo Jing, a spokesperson for the airline. "And we offer high salaries because if we don't, nobody will come." The sums Chengdu and others are willing to pay compare with an average monthly salary of $17,400 for the most senior pilots at major U.S. carriers like United and Delta, according to aviation consultancy Kit Darby. Some top U.S. airlines have recently granted big pay raises as part of new labor agreements, and others are under pressure to do the same. Pilots at some regional carriers can earn less than $25,000 per year, according to the Air Line Pilots Association, International. Low pay and changes in rules governing pilot flight hours have caused an acute pilot shortage among those smaller carriers in the U.S. Graham says it would have taken him "another 10 or 15 years" in the U.S. to match what he makes now in China. Despite the head-turning sums, Chinese airlines are still struggling to find enough foreign pilots to match their shiny new jet fleets. "Their view is, 'We're paying very good money, keep sending us more candidates,'" said Liz Loveridge, North East Asia director for Rishworth Aviation, which recruits pilots. "But we may have a limited number of candidates who will be interested." Issues such as China's heavy bureaucracy and nasty pollution have prompted some potential candidates to think twice, according to recruiters. And it can be a long haul from being offered a job to getting the first pay check. The process of getting a Chinese pilot's license -- from putting in the application, traveling to China for a written test and exhaustive medical evaluations, and then returning once more for a test flight -- took Graham about a year, he says. Such hurdles test how much foreign pilots are willing to go through to land fat salaries in China. "If you're coming here strictly for a pay check, you're probably not going to be here very long," said Doug Ward, an American who's been flying planes in China for more than seven years. He also acts as a representative for the pilots Wasinc has recruited. Both he and Graham say they've enjoyed the experience of living in a different culture and the broader horizons it offers for their children. "We've only been here a year, but if it continues with this path, I'd like to stay as long as I could," Graham said. "I wouldn't mind staying 10 to 12 years." -- Jon Ostrower and Nanlin Fang contributed to this report. Copyright 2016 Cable News Network/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Don't Miss Hometown Heroes Community Calendar Central PA Pros Connect with Us Latest News Local National Local National Life & Health: Patient Centered Care Sip & Saute by DeGennaro: Thanksgiving Tizers Conklin's Corner Christmas Room 2016 Handyman Dwight: Hybrid Water Heaters Part 2 Healthy Tips with Tera: Eating Healthy During the Holidays Sabra recalls hummus products White nationalist bloodied during DC protest 2 senior officials ask for head of NSA to be replaced A transgender Marine comes out How Pope Francis is shaking up the Vatican Video Center Local News Local News Red Flash double-up Chatham PSU Sweeps Arizona State WEB Extra: Central vs. Juniata First Half WTAJ on Facebook WTAJ Weather on Facebook WTAJ News on Twitter WTAJ News iPhone App WTAJ Weather iPhone App WTAJ News Android App WTAJ Weather Android App Up Next United will start offering 'Basic Economy' class Meet the Team Alerts TV Schedule Nexstar Broadcasting Group Inc. © 1998 - WeAreCentralPA.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads WTAJ EEO Report WTAJ FCC Public File Nexstar CC Certification
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us י"ט חשון תשע"ז   |   Sunday, November 20, 2016 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Energy Companies Lead Indexes Higher as Oil Price Soars Energy Companies Lead Indexes Higher as Oil Price Soars Tuesday, November 15, 2016 at 8:01 pm | י"ד חשון תשע"ז U.S. stocks climbed Tuesday as the price of oil made its biggest jump in seven months and energy companies rose with it. Technology stocks like Microsoft and Google’s parent Alphabet traded higher and bond yields slipped, a break with the pattern since last week’s election. Oil rose almost 6 percent as investors once again grew hopeful that the OPEC cartel will agree to cut fuel production in a few weeks. Companies like utilities and telecom service providers climbed as bond yields fell slightly after a week of large gains. Airlines rose after Warren Buffett made a surprise investment in three carriers. “The market somehow decided ‘let’s give the Trump presidency a chance,” said John DeClue, chief investment officer for U.S. Bank’s private client reserve. However DeClue said the bond market could struggle with Trump in the White House: if taxes are cut and government spending rises sharply, that could lead to climbing deficits that would trouble investors in U.S. government debt. The Dow Jones industrial average picked up 54.37 points, or 0.3 percent, to 18,923.06, as those gains were partly held back by losses for retailer Home Depot and aerospace company Boeing. The Standard & Poor’s 500 index rose 16.19 points, or 0.7 percent, to 2,180.39. The Nasdaq composite added 57.23 points, or 1.1 percent, to 5,275.62. Energy companies like Exxon Mobil and Occidental Petroleum made large gains as the price of oil rose by the largest amount since early April. At least for a day, investors were hopeful that the nations of OPEC will be able to hammer out a deal to cut oil production, which would boost prices. OPEC agreed to a preliminary deal in September but still have to work out important details. Benchmark U.S. crude gained $2.49, or 5.7 percent, to $45.81 per barrel in New York. Brent crude, used to price international oils, rose $2.52, or 5.7 percent, to $46.95 a barrel in London. Exxon rose $1.54, or 1.8 percent, to $86.82 and Apache added $4.46, or 7.6 percent, to $63.39. Tuesday’s trading was a partial reversal of the moves investors have made since the presidential election one week ago. Tech stocks have been losing ground recently, but Microsoft picked up $1.14, or 2 percent, to $58.87 and graphics processor maker Nvidia rose $2.55, or 3 percent, to $86.19. Bond prices edged higher, sending long-term interest rates slightly lower. Bond prices had fallen sharply since the election over worries that President-elect Donald Trump’s spending plans would lead to higher inflation. That had sent yields to their highest levels this year. But the yield on the 10-year Treasury note declined to 2.23 percent from 2.27 percent. Companies that pay large dividends, like phone companies, also changed course and rose. However the dollar continued to get stronger and reached its highest level in almost a year. It rose to 109.32 yen from 108.51 yen. The euro slid to $1.0718 from $1.0726. Billionaire investor Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway bought stock in United Continental, American Airlines and Delta. Buffett has avoided the volatile industry in the past, but his holding company disclosed stakes in each company in a form filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission. United picked up $3.12, or 5 percent, to $66.06 and American gained $1.36, or 3.1 percent, to $44.76. Aerospace giant Boeing fell after United said that it will postpone delivery of 61 new Boeing 737 jets that it planned to buy. It will convert the orders to a new, more fuel-efficient model that Boeing calls the 737 Max. Boeing stock lost $1.88, or 1.3 percent, to $148.11. Retail sales climbed 0.8 percent in October as consumers spent more money on products including cars and home and garden supplies. Retail sales over the last two months have been the strongest in more than two years, which shows consumers are still spending. The report showed continued gains for online retailers. Amazon jumped $24.17, or 3.4 percent, to $743.24 while department stores traded lower as they continued to lose sales. Equity One will combine with Regency Center in a deal that combines two real estate investment trusts that own shopping centers. The two companies have more than 400 properties, most of them anchored by grocery stores. Equity One climbed $1.90, or 6.8 percent, to $29.77 while Regency Center lost $2.95, or 4.2 percent, to $66.91. Chinese e-commerce company JD.com climbed after it reported strong quarterly results. The company also said it might reorganize its JD Finance unit, which runs its internet finance business. JD.com said expects to sell its stake in the company and that JD Finance will be owned solely by Chinese investors. The stock climbed $2.70, or 11.4 percent, to $26.41. In other energy trading, wholesale gasoline rose 6 cents, or 4.5 percent, to $1.34 a gallon. Heating oil picked up 6 cents, or 4.2 percent, to $1.44 a gallon. Natural gas lost 4 cents to $2.71 per 1,000 cubic feet. Gold rose $2.80 to $1,224.50 an ounce. Silver picked up 15 cents to $17.04 an ounce, while copper gave up 2 cents to $2.51 a pound. Britain’s FTSE 100 index rose 0.6 percent and the CAC-40 in France was also 0.6 percent higher. Germany’s DAX gained 0.4 percent. Seoul’s Kospi shed 0.3 percent and the Nikkei 225 in Japan finished little changed. Hong Kong’s Hang Seng gained 0.5 percent. Print Email Gmail Related Consumer Companies Lead Indexes Higher; Energy Drops Energy Stocks Lead a Broad Rally as the Price of Oil Soars Energy Companies Lead the Way As U.S. Stocks Keep Rising  Tech and Consumer Companies Lead Stocks Higher U.S. Stock Indexes Close Mostly Higher; Oil Price Rebounds  Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition More in Business Why the New Car Model Year Is Ahead of Time Dupont Freezes Payments to Pension Plan for 13,000 Employees U.K. Treasury Chief: Brexit Uncertainty Could Drag on Economy Wall Street Slips, Led by Healthcare Decline U.S. Stocks Slip as Health Care and Technology Take Losses OP-ED On Seeking Counsel Hillary Clinton Wasn’t The Only Big Election Loser A Common Sense Regulation Where Do We Go From Here? Democracy or Anarchy? Media Cutting Off the Branch It’s Sitting On After the Election Michael Bloomberg or Bruce Rauner? Glimmer of Light in a Dark Campaign The Day After How The New Republican Majority Can Succeed The Sleep Incentive Democrats in Congress Should Try Cooperation A Seriously Trumped-Up Charge Features Mishmeres HaSholom: Ask the Rav Life Saver Insights Into Salt Brilliant Torah Insights From Harav Yissocher Dov Rokeach, Zy”a This Day In History 17 Cheshvan/November 18 הרה”ק רבי ישכר דב מבעלזא זי”ע Sudoku – November 18, 2016 Nichum Aveilim 17 Cheshvan/November 18 Editorial Cartoon – November 18, 2016 Hot And Cold Are Dairy Fats Different? Maybe You Don’t Really Need to Drink So Much Water Every Day Brown, Blond or Red? This Day In History 16 Cheshvan/November 17 Weather » Brooklyn 41°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 5,321.51 -12.46 (-0.23%) S&P 500 2,181.90 -5.22 (-0.24%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9443 GBP 0.8098 ILS 3.8851 CHF 1.0099 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Snapshot of the divide: Like America, Clark County split Hike in park impact fees raises concerns One year later, camping ordinance yields little change for area’s homeless Weather Eye: Drop in temperatures seems to signal approaching holidays Public meetings for week of Nov. 20 Two arrested as drug raid targets notorious nuisance house Free barbecue satisfying Thanksgiving meal for many Herrera Beutler on Trump team: Wait and see Robber strikes bank near Vancouver Mall Press Talk: The power of the thank you Free barbecue satisfying Thanksgiving meal for many Less than two months ago, Angie Travis was living in her car in Vancouver when a woman told her there… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Mayolo, La Center hold off Mount Baker in 1A quarterfinals No. 7 Washington rolls past Arizona State, 44-18 Interceptions spark Skyview to 35-14 win over Lake Stevens   Columbia River girls win 2A soccer title in shootout Camas wins 4A state soccer championship Camas gets payback against Skyline on way to football semifinals   No. 12 Colorado beats No. 20 Washington State Oregon upsets No. 11 Utah on late TD catch Clark volleyball season ends State Football and Soccer Live Chat State Football and Soccer Live Chat In-game updates on football and soccer starts at 3 p.m. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories U.S. whiskey boom is having long legs Path to take to find a good used car Automakers poised to help electric cars rev into high gear Investors shrug off tech field diversity Crunch all data before switch to unlimited data Gearing up for holiday shopping in Clark County Tech Test: Laptops getting more in touch with users Berko: Yeses and not with a 10-foot pole on high-yield stocks Alcohol giant Constellations eyeing putting marijuana in beverages Berko: Gut says hold off on buying Subaru stock Tech Test: Laptops getting more in touch with users Can the venerable laptop keyboard get more touchy-feely — and in a good way? Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories ‘Post-truth’ named as 2016 word of the year Eddie Redmayne’s big bag of acting tricks Chicago’s tricky position in pop culture Check It Out: Celebrate the ugly side of the holiday season Tinder now allows users to write in their gender identity Unwrap the best gifts for jet-setting people Sanders takes Democrats to task in book Seattle’s EMP Museum rebrands to MoPOP Somali starts club to help others into college Clark County’s three tea houses offer a warm diversion Check It Out: Celebrate the ugly side of the holiday season Just so you know, things are gonna get ugly. Christmas is about a month away, and if past Christmas celebrations… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Much to Learn after Protests Jayne: So, what really happened on Election Day? Will: Draw curtain on Democrats’ theater of pointless gestures Letter: God helps those in need Letter: Election leads to civil strife Letter: U.S. wrong on Syria Letter: Trump supporters should protest Letter: Nothing miraculous about Trump Safe energy alliance keeps Mosier explosion’s results in mind Everything’s for sale now, even the ‘truth’ Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 20-26 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Everybody has a story: Thanksgiving out in the wilderness a year to remember School donates piano to nursing care center Applause You Can Help Vancouver celebrates Miss Washington with Alicia Cooper Day Ridgefield resident places in state wool competition Students create videos about vaping Good cafeteria behavior leads to five-course meal My Fair Kitty fundraiser supports new shelter Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Art Stubbs is resigned to becoming a resident of Vancouver. But the idea still worries him. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate United to delay Boeing jets in $4.8 billion savings push By Michael Sasso and Julie Johnsson, Bloomberg Published: November 15, 2016, 4:31 PM A   A United Continental Holdings will defer delivery of 61 of Boeing’s smallest passenger jets as the airline seeks to close its profit gap with Delta Air Lines and American Airlines. United plans to convert the order to the larger, newer Boeing 737 Max to be delivered at an undetermined date, slowing near-term capacity growth as recent hires President Scott Kirby and Chief Financial Officer Andrew Levy start to reshape the fleet strategy. The shift will trim spending by $1.6 billion over the next two years, according to a statement Tuesday by the Chicago-based carrier. The fleet changes are part of $4.8 billion in initiatives intended to bolster the airline’s profitability through 2020. Chief Executive Officer Oscar Munoz is looking for ways to elevate profit margins and match Delta, which has led the industry in recent years. United’s operating profit amounted to 13.6 percent of sales last year, trailing Delta’s 19 percent margin and American’s 15.1 percent. United climbed 2.8 percent to $64.71 at 11:51 a.m. in New York, a day after Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. said it had invested in the airline and three major rivals. Berkshire is an “anchor tenant” investor, Munoz said in a meeting with analysts. United’s gain was the second biggest on the Bloomberg U.S. Airlines Index, which rose 1.6 percent. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
null
Home World news Even as Donald Trump eases into White House, Ashton Carter’s meet with Manohar Parrikar stays unchanged Even as Donald Trump eases into White House, Ashton Carter’s meet with Manohar Parrikar stays unchanged US secretary of defence Ashton Carter’s scheduled visit to India in the second week of December remains unchanged amid the transition from the Obama administration to the newly-elected Trump government. By: Huma Siddiqui | New Delhi | Published: November 16, 2016 6:01 AM US secretary of defence Ashton Carter’s scheduled visit to India in the second week of December remains unchanged amid the transition from the Obama administration to the newly-elected Trump government. “When defence minister Manohar Parrikar and secretary Carter meet on December 7, among the high-profile engagements on the table are the Indian Navy’s request for 22 Guardian unmanned aircraft from General Atomics post India’s admission into Missile Technology Control Regime (MTCR), and aerospace giants Lockheed Martin and Boeing Company’s offers to make the fighter planes in India,”a source told FE. As reported by FE earlier, India’s request for 22 Predator Guardian drones, made in June, is in an advanced stage of negotiations, and both sides are keen to close the deal at the earliest. The US is currently considering export of category 1 Guardian, and this is expected to enhance maritime security and cooperation between both the nations, keeping in mind China’s advances in the Indian Ocean. Secretary Carter, who has been a champion of defence cooperation with India, hopes to showcase the resolve of operationalising the ‘major defence partner’ status with tangible deliverables. Vivek Lall, chief executive of US-based General Atomics, who has championed US-India strategic engagements for the last two decades, has been a strong bipartisan supporter of president-elect Donald Trump and his team. He was also responsible for enhancing India’s maritime security by spearheading India’s procurement of Boeing P8I aircraft in 2009. Lockheed Martin is seen as a potential frontrunner for making F16 fighter aircraft in India. However, as per industry sources, they need a stronger engagement with India to cross the finish line as Swedish defence major Saab is a fierce competitor with its Gripen. Lockheed Martin has already sold C130 aircraft to India and has some industrial engagements. But the company’s offer to India is apparently far superior to the ones in Pakistan’s inventory. Merillyn Hewson, CEO of Lockheed, has expressed great interest in the opportunity to sell to India. Besides, the two sides are expected to review the progress on foundational agreements like CISMOA (Communication Interoperability and Security Memorandum Agreement), and BECA (Basic Exchange and Cooperation Agreement), ‘Make in India’ initiatives, and acquisition of key critical technologies that are in the common interests of both governments for strategic reasons. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Cigarettes worth Rs 6 cr stolen in Visakhapatnam Akshay Kumar is the hero in '2.0', says Rajnikanth Sharad Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project PM Narendra Modi speech: Top 5 key takeaways Rajinikanth most amazing man, have lot of respect for him: Salman Khan WB Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee flays PM Narendra Modi over chit fund 'scam' charge People crave more for Wi-Fi than sex, chocolate, alcohol: Study Sania Mirza shares heartwarming message on her sister’s wedding Little respite for Delhi on Sunday: Banks shut, ATMs dry Robot 2.0 first look: Rajinikanth, Akshay Kumar launch first look poster of Shankar's upcoming sequeal Patna-Indore train accident: Journey to attend wedding turns nightmare for Bhopal family  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Skip to navigation Skip to content Subscribe to the FT Sign In Subscribe Menu Search Financial Times myFT Search the FT Search Close Home World Sections World Home World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Most Read Stereotype-defying Trump voters have no regrets India’s tough stance on Dutch trade deal fuels EU fears China pledges to lead the way on global trade Putin’s delight at Trump win may soon wither Trump demands apology from ‘Hamilton’ cast US Sections US Home US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Most Read Stereotype-defying Trump voters have no regrets Putin’s delight at Trump win may soon wither Trump demands apology from ‘Hamilton’ cast Trump marks the end of America as world’s ‘indispensable nation’ Trump picks hardliners to head DoJ and CIA Companies Sections Companies Home Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Most Read House prices speed up London exodus Jared Kushner, favoured son-in-law of Donald Trump Mark Zuckerberg responds to criticism over fake news on Facebook BT has second-worst funded pension scheme in the world China braced for impact of property slowdown Markets Sections Markets Home fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Most Read Big market question: has it been too far, too fast post-Trump? The ingredients of the Trump economic cocktail Wall Street eases as dollar hits 13-year highs Trump risks market backlash if institutions damaged Why states struggle to repatriate looted assets Opinion Sections Opinion Home Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Most Read I’m leaving and I want you to join me Trump marks the end of America as world’s ‘indispensable nation’ Denmark: UK ally takes hard Brexit line Jared Kushner, favoured son-in-law of Donald Trump Higher borrowing is the key to Philip Hammond’s Autumn Statement Work & Careers Sections Work & Careers Home Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Most Read I’m leaving and I want you to join me Google Home — a better virtual assistant Divorce can galvanise a career as well as ruin it Estée Lauder applies millennial makeover FT Executive MBA Ranking 2016 Life & Arts Sections Life & Arts Home House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Most Read Donatella Versace — and friends — unveil her new hotel, a palazzo amid the sands of Dubai Lunch with the FT: Ali al-Naimi on two decades as Saudi’s oil king Trump: a liberal loser responds Is San Francisco’s Castro district losing its gay identity? A Donald Trump-inspired plan to make my home great again Menu Search Home World US Companies Markets Opinion Work & Careers Life & Arts Financial Times Search the FT Search Close Subscribe to FT.com Subscribe to read: GKN to shut Yeovil helicopter plant with loss of 230 jobs Already a subscriber? Sign in here Newspaper + Premium Digital $ 11.77 per week * Select All the benefits of Premium Digital, plus: Free delivery to your home or office, Monday to Saturday FT Weekend - a stimulating blend of news and lifestyle Premium Digital $ 9.75 per week * Select All the benefits of Standard Digital, plus: Unlimited access to all content Instant Insights column for comment and analysis as news unfolds FT Confidential Research - in-depth China and Southeast Asia analysis ePaper - the digital replica of the printed newspaper Full access to LEX - our agenda setting daily commentary Exclusive emails, including a weekly email from our Editor, Lionel Barber Full access to EM Squared- news and analysis service on emerging markets Standard Digital Limited Time Offer $ 4.79 per week * Select Access to FT award winning news on desktop, mobile and tablet Personalised email briefings by industry, journalist or sector Portfolio tools to help manage your investments FastFT - market-moving news and views, 24 hours a day Brexit Briefing - Your essential guide to the impact of the UK-EU split * Terms and conditions apply Other subscription options Corporate Newspaper Only Weekend App Edition Welcome to the new FT.com. The same global insight. Faster than ever before on all your devices. View tips Feedback Support Open in app Open in app Feedback Help Centre About Us Legal & Privacy Terms & Conditions Privacy Cookies Copyright Services Conferences & Events Individual Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Republishing Contracts & Tenders Analysts Research Executive Job Search Advertise with the FT Follow the FT on Twitter Ebooks Tools Portfolio ePaper Alerts Hub Lexicon MBA Rankings Economic Calendar News feed Newsletters Currency Converter Press Cuttings More from the FT Group Markets data delayed by at least 15 minutes. © THE FINANCIAL TIMES LTD . FT and ‘Financial Times’ are trademarks of The Financial Times Ltd. The Financial Times and its journalism are subject to a self-regulation regime under the FT Editorial Code of Practice. Financial Times Close International Edition UK Edition Search the FT Search Top sections Home Show more World links World World Economy UK US China Africa Asia Pacific Emerging Markets Europe Latin America Middle East and North Africa Show more US links US US Economy US Politics & Policy US Companies US Election 2016 Show more Companies links Companies Energy Financials Health Industrials Media Retail & Consumer Technology Telecoms Transport Show more Markets links Markets fastFT Alphaville Markets Data Capital Markets Commodities Currencies Equities Fund Management Trading Show more Opinion links Opinion Columnists FT View The Big Read Instant Insight Lex Alphaville Blogs Obituaries Letters Show more Work & Careers links Work & Careers Business School Rankings Business Education Entrepreneurship Recruitment Business Books Show more Life & Arts links Life & Arts House & Home Books Food & Drink Travel Style Arts FT Magazine Show more Personal Finance links Personal Finance Property & Mortgages Investments Pensions Tax Banking & Savings Special Reports Science & Environment FT recommends Lex Alphaville EM Squared Lunch with the FT Video Podcasts Blogs News feed Newsletters myFT Portfolio ePaper Crossword Help Centre Subscribe Sign In Return to the old FT.com Open in app Open in app
Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Connected Aerospace > Reimagine Everything: The Infinite Opportunities of the Digital Economy You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Where experts and professionals share insights and inspirations to grow business and build careers Reimagine Everything: The Infinite Opportunities of the Digital Economy Nov 17, 2016 by Torsten Welte Global Vice President and Head of Aerospace & Defense, SAP 1 Article EMAIL Tweet Comments 1 Advertisement The modern workplace is increasingly being redefined, as businesses solve their biggest problems by adopting new technologies. This is profoundly changing how people work, how they learn and how they interact with each other, but putting it into practice is proving difficult for many businesses. The A&D industry is facing tough challenges with their future workforce, as new generations of workers demand new work environments and collaboration tools. It’s therefore becoming increasingly important for businesses to provide the right collaboration tools and to obtain the right information to shorten their learning curve. Technology is a critical part of the entire new workforce management process. It offers organizations a wealth of new opportunities, from digitizing their businesses to taking advantage of a wealth of synchronization and collaboration opportunities. But when it comes to implementing it, companies must be flexible, have a culture that embraces digital, and have the right systems and processes in place. Every Business is a Technology Business The key to implementing these new technologies and processes is to embrace the digital economy. This is enabling businesses to provide online engagement with customers and join digital communities that share product data, design and benefits. Leading the way in this digital drive is the aviation industry, which is seeing businesses responding to the pressure to constantly innovate, reduce operational costs and ensure uptime as savvy customers increasingly demand more for less from airlines. The industry is seeing a boom in demand from passengers, with 3.7 billion people projected to board flights this year, according to Airbus Group. This has led Boeing to predict that 38,000 new airplanes will be required to accommodate the mass of passengers and cargo in the next 20 years. Businesses across the industry are therefore having to think differently and embrace the digital economy to survive. The very nature of the aviation industry’s ecosystem forces business to collaborate and share ideas to ensure they optimize products over their entire lifecycle and maximize the customer experience. Manufacturers have redesigned products to enhance performance and reduce fuel costs and, in addition to using advanced composites that dramatically reduce vehicle weights, software is playing an increasingly critical role in manufacturing, managing and flying airplanes more efficiently. Here is an overview of some of the key technology trends driving this digital transformation: Hyper-Connectivity: The ever-growing mass of communication methods is one of the main forces driving digital transformation. This is especially the case in the competitive aviation landscape, where businesses are now able to manage how equipment is produced and serviced and to keep track of what is being sold to the customer through highly connected products, people, factories and business networks. Supercomputing: Real-time in-memory computing is a breakthrough for all industries but especially so in the aviation trade, where it’s driving significant contributions to aerospace engineering. It enables high-speed interconnections and big-data disk storage, which enables businesses to make huge strides forward in engine performance and design. Cloud Computing: Cloud computing allows businesses to be more agile, grow faster and work their way into new geographies that would previously have been unavailable to them. This allows them to meet increased commercial demand within controlled budgets. Many businesses are already utilizing the hybrid landscape, which enables technologies to interact with on-premise applications. Cybersecurity: The ever-evolving threats of hacking, spying and digital theft become increasingly vital as businesses look to safeguard their intellectual property as they execute their strategy around the development of advanced digital products. By embracing these key trends, businesses in the aviation industry and beyond can reimagine their business models and processes and, as a result, successfully move towards their digital transformation goals. 3D Printing Leads the Way One of the advances leading the way in helping businesses become more digitally focused is 3D printing. Factories are now producing 3D printed parts for airplanes, supercars and even entirely 3D printed fully-functional motorbikes, as well as creating digital mockups and connected robots. The 3D printing revolution is diminishing development cycles and delivering a mass of opportunities for new business models – giving suppliers the tools to print their parts within the plant and create a factory within a factory. As it becomes more widespread, and the technique is used for building new products, having access to advanced manufacturing technology becomes vital. This is especially important as 3D factories begin obtaining aerospace certifications and manufacturers strategically invest in acquiring specialized 3D capabilities. In the future, OEMs and parts manufacturers will find themselves having to sell the digital design of parts, which will require a completely different digital platform. Legacy supply chain models will be evolved and disrupted as parts are increasingly replenished on demand, which will see 3D printing replace traditional production methods, slash production times and enable earlier testing of prototypes. Successfully Go Digital 3D printing is just one example of how new technology is changing the way that businesses work and how traditional processes are being disrupted. Key players in the aviation industry are creating transformational roles such as chief digital officers, and developing a vision that will help them go beyond their current comfort zones. These early adopters are reimagining their business processes and job descriptions, which is crucial to success in the digital economy. A good starting point on the digital journey is to reimagine your enterprise with new business outcomes and to keep customers at the forefront. It is, therefore key to focus on aftermarket-driven strategies, implemented with services based on real-time operational and engineering data. Popular Now Incoming: What To Watch For From The Trump Administration AeroVironment Enters Commercial Drone Market With Hybrid Quadcopter What's In A Window? For example, Lockheed Martin’s digital vision is an end-to-end initiative that uses the boom in digital manufacturing – such as model-based design, additive manufacturing and advanced materials – to shrink cycle times and reduce costs. This ‘digital tapestry’ approach enables the company to connect everything from concept all the way through to realization and completion of products. As businesses increasingly embrace new trends in technology, we are seeing an influx of similar innovations and advanced smart products that are reshaping value chains and redefining core manufacturing and service processes. Using the aviation industry as an example, businesses must look to develop new strategic partnerships with risk/reward sharing programs to showcase the latest innovations to the market faster, with access to new geographical markets and technologies. The Aerospace industry is going digital. Get SAP's perspective on how software is playing an increasingly critical role in manufacturing, managing, and flying the airplane more efficiently. Download the free whitepaper Value Creation in the Digital Aerospace and Defense Network. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Discuss this Article 1 Mark Lincoln on Nov 19, 2016 It is always amusing when some suit manages to say so little in so many words which reveals their mastery of pleonasm and lack of comprehension of the technology they pretend to. For an annotated example of buzz word ridden pleonasm: "Key players (buzz words) in the aviation industry are creating transformational (buzzword) roles such as chief digital officers (buzz phrase), and developing a vision (buzz word) that will help them go beyond their current comfort zones (buzz phrase). These early adopters (buzz phrase) are reimagining (buzz word) their business processes (buzz phrase) and job descriptions, which is crucial to success in the digital economy. (buzz phrase)" Translation for English Speakers: Some people are usefully applying computer technology to their business, to their benefit. Digital is just a buzz word in this article. When it comes to the nuts and bolts, or should we say Operators and Operands, of the imaginary "digital tapestry" the article shows familiarity with the buzz words and little comprehension of the technology. Further examples: "Hyper-Connectivity (buzz word): The ever-growing mass of communication methods is one of the main forces driving digital transformation (buzz phrase)." Translation: Lots of data is coming in from lots of sources, giving us more data to process, increasing output. "Supercomputing: Real-time in-memory computing is a breakthrough for all industries " Translation: Computers have gotten faster allowing us to process more data in the same time. ("Super Computing"? Shades of Seymour Cray!) "Cloud Computing: Cloud computing allows businesses to be more agile, grow faster and work their way into new geographies that would previously have been unavailable to them." (Cloud computing are buzz words that have been beaten to death for over 20 years and have devolved to advertising prattle.) Translation: The use of remote servers and TCP/IP networking provides easier access to data than traveling to the old Data Processing Center. "Cybersecurity: The ever-evolving threats of hacking, spying and digital theft become increasingly vital as businesses look to safeguard their intellectual property as they execute their strategy around the development of advanced digital products." Cybersecurity is the opposite of Hyper-Connectivity, and Cloud Computing. If it is on the internet it isn't truly secure. Ask Colin Powell, John Podesta, Sony pictures, and the folks who investigated the Byzantine Hades hacks. This "digital" article is, if you have a C++ compiler: /* Reimagine Everything: The Infinite Opportunities of the Digital Economy */ #include main() { cout << “Rambling Corporate Newspeak”; return 0; } /* also */ namespace std { class logic_error; class domain_error; class invalid_argument; Or simply: bool false. Log In or Register to post comments Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Opinion: Getting Positioned For Digital Disruption 23   Opinion: Getting Positioned For Digital Disruption 23   Opinion: Can Aerospace Avoid U.S. Automakers' Mistakes? 29   Opinion: Can Aerospace Avoid U.S. Automakers' Mistakes? 29   Honeywell Eyes New Connectivity-Driven Business Models 8 Connected Aerospace Coverage Sponsors   Full Coverage Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Sep 30, 2015 Sponsored Improving Fleet Performance Sponsored by: Eastman Chemical Company...More Feb 17, 2016 Sponsored Information Management Solutions Sponsored by: Rockwell Collins...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertisement Advertise with Us   2017 Media Materials Your source for 2016 media kits, editorial planners rates and specs for AW&ST, ATW, B&CA and more! Advertise Sign up to Aviation Week Newsletter Daily analysis on technology advances impacting the global aviation, aerospace & defense industries. Subscribe Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Education Election 2016 Databases Columnists Illinois Law and order Metro Nation Obits Political Fix St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel Columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print Ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 39° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mainly sunny. High 46F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 29F. Winds light and variable. Updated: November 20, 2016 @ 10:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Political Fix Close Associated Press In this image provided by the U.S. Navy a F/A-18F Super Hornet attached to the Fighting Black Lions of Strike Fighter Squadron lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush in the Persian Gulf on Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014, after conducting strike missions against Islamic State group targets in Syria. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Brian Stephens) Funding for a dozen more Super Hornets probably not going to materialize in '16 By Chuck Raasch St. Louis Post-Dispatch Chuck Raasch Nov 17, 2016 (…) Associated Press In this image provided by the U.S. Navy a F/A-18F Super Hornet attached to the Fighting Black Lions of Strike Fighter Squadron lands aboard the aircraft carrier USS George H.W. Bush in the Persian Gulf on Tuesday, Sept. 23, 2014, after conducting strike missions against Islamic State group targets in Syria. (AP Photo/U.S. Navy, Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class Brian Stephens) WASHINGTON • An extra dozen or more F/A-18E Super Hornets that Missouri’s congressional delegation hoped to get in this year’s defense spending will likely not happen, the victim of the Republican Congress’ decision to delay more substantive spending decisions until after President-elect Donald Trump takes office. That was the word from Missouri's congressional delegation late Thursday, as Congress leans toward the end of business next month.  It’s unclear what priorities the Trump administration will have that affect future construction of the plane, which is built by Boeing in St. Louis. An agreement to fund the government into March is expected to pass before this current Congress adjourns contains funding for two planes Additional Super Hornets are on the Navy’s wish list, and defense appropriations bills that had been working their way through Congress had as much as an extra $3 billion for a dozen more. But with Trump about to take over the presidency and work with a Republican Congress, appropriations bills are deferring to more stop-gap decision to keep government funded at current levels. The fallout sparked finger-pointing in the Missouri delegation, with Rep. Ann Wagner, R-Ballwin, issuing a press release criticizing Sen. Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., for not being able to push for more planes as a negotiator on the National Defense Authorization Act. Democrats and Republicans have fought over how to treat payment of overseas wars on the defense-spending books. Wagner, in a statement, blamed the Democratic position on that issue for waylaying other defense-spending decisions, including on the Hornet. Democrats have accused Republicans of using overseas war funds to get around agreed-to limitations in defense spending. Pointing out that the Navy believes the planes are necessary in a dangerous world, Wagner said in a statement: “Senate NDAA (negotiators) – including a member of the Missouri delegation – should know the implications of this decision are far too grave for not only our men and women in uniform, but for our local economy and jobs in St. Louis.” But McCaskill spokesman John LaBombard said that the ultimate decision to fund the additional planes could have come in appropriations bills, not the blueprint authorization act that McCaskill was helping to shape. “Claire is not an appropriator,” LaBombard said. “There is one reason why we don’t have a defense appropriations bill, and that is because Mike Pence and Donald Trump don’t want” one. He said that “by March we will have heard what then-President Trump and Republican leaders want to do with the budget process.” At that point, the debate over the need for the additional planes could re-appear. Political Fix from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Be informed. Get our free political newsletter featuring local and national updates and analysis. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank Chuck Raasch • 202-298-6880 @craasch on Twitter craasch@post-dispatch.com Tags Federal Budget Super Hornet Boeing Ann Wagner Claire Mccaskill Donald Trump Chuck Raasch Chuck Raasch is a reporter for the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. Follow Chuck Raasch Close Get email notifications on Chuck Raasch daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever Chuck Raasch posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow Chuck Raasch Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today View (…) comments Missouri statewide results County-by-county: Missouri's top races St. Louis County results St. Louis City Results St. Charles County results Jefferson County results Illinois statewide results Madison County results St. Clair County results U.S. results: President, Congress Latest in section McClellan: Against the current again Along for the Ride: Restrooms on wish lists for three MetroLink stations Coroners aren't ordinarily memorable, but Rick Stone was no ordinary coroner St. Louis lawmakers cautious on soccer stadium plan as financial details remain scarce Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Quick links Candidate profiles Current Affairs Fundraising Press releases Voters guide Most popular Confined to bed, disabled former Rock Hill police officer feels forgotten Carjackers lead police on high-speed chase from Wentzville to Maryland Heights Two students with St. Louis ties are among new Rhodes Scholars Wentzville man shoved fingers in throat of infant son to stop his crying, police say Man found shot to death in vehicle in St. Louis Data and maps Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Search City of St. Louis building permits Searchable database: Money in Missouri politics Does your legislator accept lobbyist gifts? See how much St. Louis CEOs are paid Do you know a woman of achievement? Get this St. Louis collectible from the Post-Dispatch Store See ads from today's newspaper Manage your services Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2016 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe to Businessweek 3 2 Trump Appears to Zero In on ‘Mad Dog’ Mattis to Lead Defense China Flips Roles With U.S. in Trump Era With Rebukes on Policy Xi, Obama Stress Stable Relations Important at ‘Hinge’ Moment Trump Says His Potential Hires Are ‘Really Talented People’ Trump’s Latest Staff Choices Reflect Campaign’s Firebrand Theme Sara Armstrong Named CEO of U.S Presidential Inaugural Committee Full Show: With All Due Respect (11/18/16) Trump’s Pick for Attorney General Scoffed at ‘Too Big to Fail’ Sen. Hatch Says Trump ‘Softening’ Views on Trade The Left Braces: How Will Conservatives Govern in 2017? Trump University $25 Million Deal Heads Off Fraud Trial Vilsack Wake-Up Call To Democrats: Ignore Rural Voters and Lose U.S. House Votes to Stop Sales of Boeing Jetliners to Iran Laura Litvan LauraLitvan November 17, 2016 — 12:03 PM EST Updated on November 17, 2016 — 12:52 PM EST Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mail Republican bill focuses on company’s ability to finance sales Move reflects GOP’s anger over deal lifting Iran sanctions Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Share on LinkedInShare on RedditShare on Google+E-mail The House voted Thursday to effectively block Boeing Co. from selling or leasing jetliners to Iran, reflecting broad Republican opposition to the Obama administration’s Iran nuclear deal that allows the transaction involving 109 aircraft worth as much as $25 billion. The 243-174 vote was largely along party lines and comes despite a White House veto threat. The measure would prevent the Treasury Department from authorizing U.S. bank transactions for sales of aircraft to Iran and would bar the U.S. Export-Import Bank from financing any exports to that country. Boeing shares dropped on the news, falling 1.8 percent to $145.40 at 12:50 pm. “The world’s greatest state sponsor of terror should not be aided by the U.S. taxpayer, by our banking system, in order to finance planes that we really don’t know they’re going to do with them,” Republican Representative Bob Dold of Illinois said Wednesday on the House floor. Republicans in Congress strongly oppose the 2015 agreement between the U.S. and five other nations, including Russia, that is designed to stop Tehran from developing nuclear weapons. Iran agreed to redesign and reduce its nuclear facilities in exchange for relief from economic sanctions. Opposition in Congress gained traction with the election victory of President-elect Donald Trump, who has said he wants to tear up or renegotiate the deal. Boeing won U.S. approval in September to sell its first jetliners to Iran in nearly 40 years. The Treasury Department’s decision paved the way for the biggest business deal between the U.S. and Iran since the 1979 Islamic Revolution and the U.S. hostage crisis. Boeing’s last airplane deliveries to Iran consisted of 747 jumbos that arrived in 1977, two years before the revolution, according to the company’s website. Earlier this week, the House passed a bill, H.R. 6297, that also pushes back against the international accord by extending economic sanctions against Iran through 2026. The administration has waived the sanctions as part of the implementation of the nuclear agreement. There’s little reason to think the measure passed Thursday, H.R. 5711, will advance much further during this congressional session. Senator Marco Rubio, a Florida Republican, introduced a similar bill that would block the Ex-Im Bank from providing financing related to Iran. The measure, S. 3138, hasn’t gotten a vote in the Senate Banking Committee. Veto Threat The White House said in a statement this week that Obama would veto the House measure. It is “profoundly in the national security interest of the United States” to keep commitments made in the Iran nuclear accord as long as Tehran keeps its promises, the administration’s statement said. The administration said the restriction on Ex-Im financing was unacceptable. “The sweeping and vague nature of this provision would have a chilling effect on U.S. and non-U.S. entities seeking to engage in permissible business with Iran,” the White House said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Iran Markets Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2016 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Union Pacific Corporation Elects Deborah Chase Hopkins to Board of Directors “Debby brings an entrepreneurial mindset, relevant multi-industry experience and excellent leadership attributes to our board,” said Lance Fritz, Union Pacific chairman, president and chief executive officer. “We are delighted she has agreed to join our board of directors.” Hopkins joined Citi in New York in 2003 as head of corporate strategy. She later was appointed chief operations and technology officer. As a senior advisor to Citi’s Investment Bank, she focused on winning tech IPOs. She co-founded Citi Women and played a key role in developing programs for high potential women at Citi. Prior to joining Citi, Hopkins served as chief financial officer at Boeing and then Lucent Technologies; was general auditor of General Motors before being named vice president of finance at GM Europe in Zurich; and was corporate controller at Unisys. Hopkins started her career at Ford Motor Company. She previously served five years on the board of DuPont and nearly six years on the board of Qlik Technologies before it was taken private in August 2016. She serves on the advisory boards of Riverwood Capital and Stanford Technology Ventures Program, and is an executive fellow at the University of California Berkeley’s Haas School of Business. Fortune twice placed Hopkins in its top 10 most powerful women in business list, and she has been on the Institutional Investor’s Top 50 list every year since 2011. A graduate of Walsh College in Troy, Michigan, Hopkins holds honorary doctorate degrees from Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri, and Walsh College. About Union Pacific Union Pacific Railroad is the principal operating company of Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE: UNP). One of America’s most recognized companies, Union Pacific Railroad connects 23 states in the western two-thirds of the country by rail, providing a critical link in the global supply chain. From 2006-2015, Union Pacific invested approximately $33 billion in its network and operations to support America’s transportation infrastructure. The railroad’s diversified business mix includes Agricultural Products, Automotive, Chemicals, Coal, Industrial Products and Intermodal. Union Pacific serves many of the fastest-growing U.S. population centers, operates from all major West Coast and Gulf Coast ports to eastern gateways, connects with Canada’s rail systems and is the only railroad serving all six major Mexico gateways. Union Pacific provides value to its roughly 10,000 customers by delivering products in a safe, reliable, fuel-efficient and environmentally responsible manner. Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110304/LA59497LOGO To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/union-pacific-corporation-elects-deborah-chase-hopkins-to-board-of-directors-300365358.html SOURCE Union Pacific Corporation Author: Monika Donimirska Editor View all posts by Monika Donimirska Author Monika DonimirskaPosted on November 17, 2016November 17, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Safe and Sound During the Holidays Next Next post: Verizon launches the HP Elite x2 tablet; perfect for mobile workforces Search for: Search Recent Posts Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Union Pacific Corporation Elects Deborah Chase Hopkins to Board of Directors News provided by Union Pacific Corporation Nov 17, 2016, 14:45 ET Share this article OMAHA, Neb., Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Union Pacific Corporation today announced that Deborah Chase Hopkins has been elected to the company's board of directors, effective Jan. 1, 2017. Hopkins, 62, is the founder and chief executive officer of Citi Ventures and Citi's chief innovation officer. Based in Silicon Valley, Citi Ventures has implemented a systematic approach to discovering and launching new growth initiatives in partnership with Citi's business units. In addition to financial services, Hopkins has experience in the automotive, aerospace, telecommunications and information technology industries. She plans to retire from Citi at the end of this year. "Debby brings an entrepreneurial mindset, relevant multi-industry experience and excellent leadership attributes to our board," said Lance Fritz, Union Pacific chairman, president and chief executive officer. "We are delighted she has agreed to join our board of directors." Hopkins joined Citi in New York in 2003 as head of corporate strategy. She later was appointed chief operations and technology officer. As a senior advisor to Citi's Investment Bank, she focused on winning tech IPOs. She co-founded Citi Women and played a key role in developing programs for high potential women at Citi. Prior to joining Citi, Hopkins served as chief financial officer at Boeing and then Lucent Technologies; was general auditor of General Motors before being named vice president of finance at GM Europe in Zurich; and was corporate controller at Unisys. Hopkins started her career at Ford Motor Company. She previously served five years on the board of DuPont and nearly six years on the board of Qlik Technologies before it was taken private in August 2016. She serves on the advisory boards of Riverwood Capital and Stanford Technology Ventures Program, and is an executive fellow at the University of California Berkeley's Haas School of Business. Fortune twice placed Hopkins in its top 10 most powerful women in business list, and she has been on the Institutional Investor's Top 50 list every year since 2011. A graduate of Walsh College in Troy, Michigan, Hopkins holds honorary doctorate degrees from Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri, and Walsh College. About Union Pacific Union Pacific Railroad is the principal operating company of Union Pacific Corporation (NYSE: UNP). One of America's most recognized companies, Union Pacific Railroad connects 23 states in the western two-thirds of the country by rail, providing a critical link in the global supply chain. From 2006-2015, Union Pacific invested approximately $33 billion in its network and operations to support America's transportation infrastructure. The railroad's diversified business mix includes Agricultural Products, Automotive, Chemicals, Coal, Industrial Products and Intermodal. Union Pacific serves many of the fastest-growing U.S. population centers, operates from all major West Coast and Gulf Coast ports to eastern gateways, connects with Canada's rail systems and is the only railroad serving all six major Mexico gateways. Union Pacific provides value to its roughly 10,000 customers by delivering products in a safe, reliable, fuel-efficient and environmentally responsible manner. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110304/LA59497LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/union-pacific-corporation-elects-deborah-chase-hopkins-to-board-of-directors-300365358.html SOURCE Union Pacific Corporation Nov 17, 2016, 14:17 ET Preview: Union Pacific Corporation Announces New Share Repurchase Authorization and a 10 Percent Dividend Increase for Fourth Quarter 2016 My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Nov 17, 2016, 14:17 ETUnion Pacific Corporation Announces New Share Repurchase... Nov 01, 2016, 08:00 ETUnion Pacific Corporation CFO Rob Knight to Address the Stephens... Explore More news releases in similar topics Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Personnel Announcements You just read: Union Pacific Corporation Elects Deborah Chase Hopkins to Board of Directors News provided by Union Pacific Corporation Nov 17, 2016, 14:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Union Pacific Corporation Elects Deborah Chase Hopkins to Board of Directors By Published: Nov 17, 2016 2:45 p.m. ET Share OMAHA, Neb., Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Union Pacific Corporation today announced that Deborah Chase Hopkins has been elected to the company's board of directors, effective Jan. 1, 2017. Hopkins, 62, is the founder and chief executive officer of Citi Ventures and Citi's chief innovation officer. Based in Silicon Valley, Citi Ventures has implemented a systematic approach to discovering and launching new growth initiatives in partnership with Citi's business units. In addition to financial services, Hopkins has experience in the automotive, aerospace, telecommunications and information technology industries. She plans to retire from Citi at the end of this year. "Debby brings an entrepreneurial mindset, relevant multi-industry experience and excellent leadership attributes to our board," said Lance Fritz, Union Pacific chairman, president and chief executive officer. "We are delighted she has agreed to join our board of directors." Hopkins joined Citi in New York in 2003 as head of corporate strategy. She later was appointed chief operations and technology officer. As a senior advisor to Citi's Investment Bank, she focused on winning tech IPOs. She co-founded Citi Women and played a key role in developing programs for high potential women at Citi. Prior to joining Citi, Hopkins served as chief financial officer at Boeing and then Lucent Technologies; was general auditor of General Motors before being named vice president of finance at GM Europe in Zurich; and was corporate controller at Unisys. Hopkins started her career at Ford Motor Company. She previously served five years on the board of DuPont and nearly six years on the board of Qlik Technologies before it was taken private in August 2016. She serves on the advisory boards of Riverwood Capital and Stanford Technology Ventures Program, and is an executive fellow at the University of California Berkeley'sHaas School of Business. Fortune twice placed Hopkins in its top 10 most powerful women in business list, and she has been on the Institutional Investor's Top 50 list every year since 2011. A graduate of Walsh College in Troy, Michigan, Hopkins holds honorary doctorate degrees from Westminster College in Fulton, Missouri, and Walsh College. About Union PacificUnion Pacific Railroad is the principal operating company of Union Pacific Corporation UNP, +1.03% One of America's most recognized companies, Union Pacific Railroad connects 23 states in the western two-thirds of the country by rail, providing a critical link in the global supply chain. From 2006-2015, Union Pacific invested approximately $33 billion in its network and operations to support America's transportation infrastructure. The railroad's diversified business mix includes Agricultural Products, Automotive, Chemicals, Coal, Industrial Products and Intermodal. Union Pacific serves many of the fastest-growing U.S. population centers, operates from all major West Coast and Gulf Coast ports to eastern gateways, connects with Canada's rail systems and is the only railroad serving all six major Mexico gateways. Union Pacific provides value to its roughly 10,000 customers by delivering products in a safe, reliable, fuel-efficient and environmentally responsible manner. Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20110304/LA59497LOGO   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/union-pacific-corporation-elects-deborah-chase-hopkins-to-board-of-directors-300365358.html SOURCE Union Pacific Corporation Copyright (C) 2016 PR Newswire. All rights reserved MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Union Pacific Corp. U.S.: NYSE: UNP $99.83 +1.02 (+1.03%) Volume 3.6M Open $98.93 High $100.00 Low $98.60 P/E Ratio 19.97 Div Yield 2.42 Market Cap 82.3B LatestNews
Home Categories Domain Sales Domain Services Domain Registrars Domain Parking Expired Domains We Get It Policy & Law Uncategorized Podcasts About Advertise Disclosures      Domain Name Wire | Domain Name News & Views Domain Name Industry News and Views Featured Domains When the domain you need is taken... Boeing’s fight against “Newborn” domain names by Andrew Allemann — November 17, 2016 Policy & Law 4 Comments Can flagging new domain names help stop the spread of malware? We all get emails with links that go to phishing and malware sites. There’s one thing in common with most of the domains hosting this bad stuff: they were registered a short time ago. In fact, many malware networks are programmed to frequently register new domain names to keep one step ahead of blacklists*. Boeing (NYSE:BA), a company that is certainly a target for malware attacks, has come up with a creative solution to weed out these potentially harmful links without relying on out-of-date URL blacklists. In a patent application (pdf) filed last year and publised by the U.S. Patent and Trademark office today, the company outlines a way to flag links in emails from what it calls “newborn” domains. Basically, a service will ping whois to check the registration date of any domain names linked to within an email. If they are within a set timeframe, the email server could remediate risk by disabling the link, providing a warning to the recipient, or not delivering the email. It’s an amazingly simple idea that I hope is put into commercial use. * On the same day Boeing filed its patent application, Cisco filed one (pdf) for detecting domain names registered as part of these systems. Tweet Email Learn more... Microsoft registers domains to thwart botnets Cheap domain names are spammers’ favorites Spamming owners of newly registered domain names 4 Comments Tags: boeing, malware, NYSE:BA, spam Comments John Berryhill says November 17, 2016 at 4:09 pm It looks like they were pretty quick on the draw within a few weeks after Paul Vixie presented this: https://www.rsaconference.com/writable/presentations/file_upload/hta-r02-domain-name-abuse-how-cheap-new-domain-names-fuel-the-ecrime-economy_final.pdf Reply Andrew Allemann says November 17, 2016 at 9:47 pm Huh. Perhaps that’s where Cisco got its idea as well Reply Drewbert says November 18, 2016 at 12:04 am Another example of patenting the bleedin’ obvious. My mail server just downright blackholes anything from .xyz and a few of the other domains that are sold at a discount and are used for not much else other than spamming. .top .download .date .bid .men and .stream spring to mind. Reply Josh says November 18, 2016 at 12:20 pm How long until hackers start phishing with using domains bought for $5 at GoDaddy Closeouts or other discount domain marketplaces? Would bypass the age problem nicely for them, no? Every domain at GD Closeout is at least a year old and many much older with a history of legitimate email usage. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Archives Archives Select Month November 2016  (36) October 2016  (57) September 2016  (65) August 2016  (67) July 2016  (56) June 2016  (67) May 2016  (74) April 2016  (74) March 2016  (78) February 2016  (78) January 2016  (63) December 2015  (72) November 2015  (71) October 2015  (81) September 2015  (80) August 2015  (72) July 2015  (70) June 2015  (79) May 2015  (69) April 2015  (76) March 2015  (75) February 2015  (73) January 2015  (65) December 2014  (68) November 2014  (72) October 2014  (82) September 2014  (78) August 2014  (72) July 2014  (80) June 2014  (83) May 2014  (73) April 2014  (78) March 2014  (85) February 2014  (92) January 2014  (96) December 2013  (71) November 2013  (77) October 2013  (96) September 2013  (81) August 2013  (104) July 2013  (101) June 2013  (82) May 2013  (92) April 2013  (92) March 2013  (74) February 2013  (74) January 2013  (73) December 2012  (56) November 2012  (69) October 2012  (75) September 2012  (65) August 2012  (68) July 2012  (73) June 2012  (105) May 2012  (102) April 2012  (83) March 2012  (83) February 2012  (79) January 2012  (111) December 2011  (80) November 2011  (84) October 2011  (82) September 2011  (92) August 2011  (91) July 2011  (91) June 2011  (110) May 2011  (94) April 2011  (80) March 2011  (94) February 2011  (93) January 2011  (80) December 2010  (87) November 2010  (74) October 2010  (70) September 2010  (107) August 2010  (97) July 2010  (83) June 2010  (101) May 2010  (100) April 2010  (109) March 2010  (111) February 2010  (110) January 2010  (99) December 2009  (75) November 2009  (94) October 2009  (102) September 2009  (85) August 2009  (94) July 2009  (88) June 2009  (92) May 2009  (92) April 2009  (100) March 2009  (114) February 2009  (90) January 2009  (78) December 2008  (58) November 2008  (73) October 2008  (77) September 2008  (76) August 2008  (58) July 2008  (66) June 2008  (53) May 2008  (48) April 2008  (39) March 2008  (43) February 2008  (37) January 2008  (34) December 2007  (24) November 2007  (31) October 2007  (32) September 2007  (25) August 2007  (29) July 2007  (28) June 2007  (28) May 2007  (32) April 2007  (25) March 2007  (25) February 2007  (26) January 2007  (37) December 2006  (38) November 2006  (34) October 2006  (38) September 2006  (26) August 2006  (29) July 2006  (27) June 2006  (28) May 2006  (36) April 2006  (35) March 2006  (39) February 2006  (36) January 2006  (40) December 2005  (53) November 2005  (46) October 2005  (53) September 2005  (36) August 2005  (29) July 2005  (22) June 2005  (28) May 2005  (30) April 2005  (41) March 2005  (47) Top Stories 01. Frank Schilling gets RDNH win POSTED UNDER Policy & Law 02. .Org sticks with Afilias for backend POSTED UNDER Domain Services 03. Verisign to .Web losers: stop griping and carry on POSTED UNDER Policy & Law Privacy Policy Disclosures Advertising © 2005–2016 Domain Name Wire • DNW and Domain Name Wire are trademarks of Brainstorm Labs, LLC Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
378333 3408 sfoglia le notizie ACCEDI REGISTRATI Utente Password Password dimenticata METEO Milano Roma Torino Napoli ◄ ► SEGUI IL TUO OROSCOPO Ariete Toro Gemelli Cancro Leone Vergine Bilancia Scorpione Sagittario Capricorno Acquario Pesci ◄ ► Menù Immediapress Home Fatti Cronaca Politica Esteri Regioni e Province Video News Tg AdnKronos Soldi Finanza Economia Euro Fondi News Italia Economia Lavoro Norme Dati Sindacato Professionisti Previdenza Start up Made in Italy Cerco lavoro Multimediale Salute Sanità Medicina Farmaceutica Doctor's Life Salus tg Salus tv Sport Risultati Live calcio Gol Serie A Gol Coppa Italia Cultura Musei On Line Musa TV Intrattenimento Spettacolo Rotocalco Automotive Weekend Magazine Speciali Benessere Cybernews Moda Meteo Turismo Sostenibilità Risorse World in Progress Tendenze Csr In Pubblico In Privato Best Practices Appuntamenti Normativa Dalla A alla Z Focus Professioni Prometeo TV Immediapress Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Multimedia Video News Tg AdnKronos Fotogallery Salus TG Salus TV Rotocalco AdnKronos – Governo Informa Musa TV Italia Economia Prometeo TV Gastronomia Automotive Weekend Audio News GrAudio AKI Politica Economia Sicurezza Cultura e Media Religione Agricoltura e Allevamento Alimentazione Ambiente Architettura e Edilizia Arredamento e Design Auto e Motori Chimica e Farmacia Cultura e Tempo Libero Economia e Finanza Energia Formazione e Lavoro Ict Meccanica Media e Pubblicita Moda Politica e PA Salute e Benessere Sport Terzo Settore Trasporti e Logistica Turismo PR Newswire Home . Immediapress . Pr Newswire . Boeing Subsidiary CDG Team Wins Brandon Hall Gold Award for Learning and Development Boeing Subsidiary CDG Team Wins Brandon Hall Gold Award for Learning and Development PR NEWSWIRE Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp Pubblicato il: 17/11/2016 18:56 Game-Like Simulations Deliver Engaging, Virtual Training for Airplane Technicians LONG BEACH, California, Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Continental DataGraphics (CDG), a subsidiary of The Boeing Company [NYSE:BA] today announced it has won a Brandon Hall Group Gold award for excellence in the Learning and Development category for "Best Use of Games and Simulations for Learning". The interactive, multimedia content for the award-winning eLearning materials was developed in collaboration with Boeing's Learning, Training and Development (LTD) organization. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161117/440782 "Winning a Brandon Hall Group Excellence Award means an organization is an elite innovator within Human Capital Management. The award signifies that the organization's work represents a leading practice in that HCM function," said Rachel Cooke, Chief Operating Officer of Brandon Hall Group and head of the awards program. "Their achievement is also notable because of the positive impact their work in HCM has on business results. All award winners have to demonstrate a measurable benefit to the business, not just the HCM operation. That's an important distinction. Our HCM award winners are helping to transform the business." Boeing LTD is responsible for delivery of training to Boeing and airline customers. The LTD team needed to develop a more cost-effective and time-saving approach to train aircraft technicians on how to properly refuel oxygen equipment without compromising safety. LTD partnered with the eLearning team at CDG to develop a realistic, interactive 3D simulation and training course based on photos and instructions in aircraft maintenance manuals. The eLearning course has delivered significant savings of time and money, both in the classroom and on the job. The previous training class required 16 hours of equipment and materials preparation and in-class time; the new eLearning course takes significantly less time to complete, saving learner hours for each training course plus additional hours throughout the year due to the shorter time needed for securing training equipment and workshop training tasks. In addition, the training was connected to a significant process change that reduced the on-the-job time required for a trained technician to service a plane's oxygen equipment. This efficiency translates into faster maintenance "turn times" to help avoid flight delays and get airplanes off the ground and back into service quickly. "We are extremely pleased that everyone who contributed to the project is receiving well-deserved recognition for their outstanding efforts," said Norma Clayton, vice president of Boeing Learning, Training and Development (LTD). "This award is not only about the innovative approach and quality of the training materials; it also demonstrates what can be achieved when our talented teams at Boeing effectively collaborate and work together to drive a better solution for customers." Boeing subsidiary CDG is a leading provider of engineering, technical data and eLearning services and solutions. CDG's eLearning teams developed the multimedia simulation training content design for the training courses. The award entries were evaluated by a panel of veteran, independent senior industry experts, Brandon Hall Group analysts and executives based upon the following criteria: fit the need, design of the program, functionality, innovation, and overall measurable benefits. Excellence Award winners will be honored at Brandon Hall Group's HCM Excellence Conference January 24-27, 2017, at the PGA National Resort in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. All award winners are listed at http://www.brandonhall.com/excellenceawards/past-winners.php. About Brandon Hall Group Brandon Hall Group is a HCM research and advisory services firm that provides insights around key performance areas, including Learning and Development, Talent Management, Leadership Development, Talent Acquisition and Workforce Management. With more than 10,000 clients globally and 20 years of delivering world-class research and advisory services, Brandon Hall Group is focused on developing research that drives performance in emerging and large organizations, and provides strategic insights for executives and practitioners responsible for growth and business results. For more information, visit www.brandonhall.com. Tweet Condividi su WhatsApp TAG: EN48406, en-US, ICT Meccanica Politica_E_PA ICT Trasporti_E_Logistica Trasporti_E_Logistica ICT Economia_E_Finanza , Immediapress, comunicati, aziende informano, press release Commenti Per scrivere un commento è necessario registrarsi ed accedere: ACCEDI oppure REGISTRATI I nonni orsacchiotti, ecco lo spot più tenero dell'anno Cerca Notizie Più Cliccate 1. Multe, ora 'piovono' dall'alto 2. 'Magnàmose tutto!': torna il Bagaglino di Pingitore con Marini e Prati primedonne 3. Scontro Renzi-Gomez a Otto e ½, Gruber: "Qui conduco io!" /Video 4. Referendum, Briatore: "Votate Sì. E diffondete il messaggio" 5. Crozza-De Luca: "Mi scuso con Rosy Bindi. Ecco cosa volevo dire" /Video Video Skintillates, tatuaggio elettronico e interattivo L'energia pulita arriva dal fiume, ecco la turbina canadese Film per raccontare i segni, in libreria 'L'oroscopo 2017' di Simon & The stars SlowFood e Gambero Rosso premiano la birra 'alla zucca' del Birrificio Pontino Un drone che decolla come un elicottero, arriva delftAcopter Sempre più piccoli i satelliti del futuro Da Fellini a Terence Hill, la biografia di un regista 'per caso': Enrico Oldoini Occhiali da sole per video a 360 gradi 'Nursery' la serie tv fantascientifica su Firenze che si vuole autofinanziare sul web In Evidenza Ricerca personale Sviluppo Business - Settore medico-scientifico All'AdnKronos Museum le 'porte aperte' di Ramon Llinas I Vila contro la guerra /Foto 'Sei in un Paese meraviglioso' Lavoro, Del Conte (Anpal): "Bene Manageritalia su politiche attive" Il ministro Martina in visita all’azienda Granarolo, al centro la competitività delle imprese 'Energia per il futuro. Eccellenza Italia': Terna inaugura in Sardegna polo elettrico innovativo Venice Day 2016 Imprese, studio Irs: con norme tecniche Uni fatturato fino a +14% /Video Fiaip, la ripresa del mercato immobiliare c'è ma è ancora lenta /Video World Pancreatic Cancer day Esperti a confronto su 'Il ruolo della carne nell’alimentazione umana. Novità dalla ricerca' A Milano 'L'Artigiano in Fiera', villaggio globale delle arti e dei mestieri Energia, online la newsletter del Gme Ecomondo – la Fiera Internazionale del Recupero di Materiale ed Energia e dello Sviluppo Sostenibile Coca-Cola Hbc Italia-Autogrill-Banco Alimentare, 300mila pasti per famiglie in difficoltà Oli lubrificanti usati, il 99% avviato a riciclo In moto per l'ambiente: Coou all'Eicma per promuovere la raccolta di olii usati /Video In viaggio multisensoriale fra luoghi del gusto all'Artigiano in Fiera' Alimentazione e sicurezza alimentare Calcio, il campionato di Lega Pro si sintonizza su Rds /Video Piccinini (Inca Cgil): "Troppo poche denunce malattie professionali nei trasporti" Consorzio oli usati a Eicma con le gare di slot, 'In moto per l'ambiente' Indagine Regus, in Italia 'smart working' possibile per 5 mln di lavoratori /Video Simest: meno costosi e più snelli finanziamenti internazionalizzazione pmi Nuovi scenari nel trattamento del mieloma multiplo Meningite, parliamone prima Il cambiamento siamo noi, Poste Italiane guarda al futuro Tech Care. Dalla cura al prendersi cura Randstad Regional Award 2016 ENAV: una nuova storia tutta da raccontare Il Giubileo di Francesco /Speciale Adnkronos Speciale Incentivi Speciale Consulenza per il lavoro   Seguici 378333 3408 Fatti Soldi Lavoro Salute Sport Cultura Intrattenimento Magazine Sostenibilità Immediapress Multimedia AKI Palazzo dell'Informazione © 2014 GMC S.A.P.A. di G.P. Marra - Piazza Mastai, 9 - 00153 Roma partita IVA 01145141006 - codice fiscale e Registro Imprese di Roma 02981990589 copyright - disclaimer - privacy - gruppo adnkronos - contatti - archivio - cookie
Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Pinterest Sign up for our Newsletter Toggle Close Gift Ideas Fashion Beauty Entertainment Sex & Relationships Health Living News 51 Million Women of the Year The Girl Project Inspire a Difference Video Log In Register In This Issue Free Stuff Promos Apps Newsletters Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On Pinterest News and Politics 51 Million Women of the Year The Girl Project Inspire a Difference Subscribe Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Pinterest Sign up for our Newsletter Search Facebook Twitter Pinterest News and Politics These Top Companies Are Failing Big Time on Parental Leave By Jillian KramerNovember 17, 2016 11:00 am Pinterest Facebook Series with an African American set of parents and baby, around 8 months. PHOTO: copyright Sean Locke @ seanlockephotography.com Big companies don't always give big benefits. That couldn't be more true when it comes to one particular benefit, so to speak: paid parental leave. As you know by now, the U.S. is the only industrialized nation that doesn't have a federal mandate for paid maternity leave, which leaves individual companies free to set their own policies. That means most companies provide woefully inadequate policies for their employees, if they provide them at all. And a new report shows the top companies in our country—from Macy's to McDonald's and The Walt Disney Company—are no exception. PL+US attempted to speak to the top 60 companies in the U.S., which together employ about 14 million people, for its report, "Forging Ahead or Falling Behind." But the paid family leave advocacy organization could only confirm policies at 29 of the companies—the other 31 refused to make their policies available. In fact, according to the report, eight companies wrote PL+US to specifically decline the opportunity to share their policies publicly. Those companies are Boeing, FedEx, Honeywell International, HP, Infosys Limited, Marriott International, TJX, and Walgreens. From the companies that were willing to disclose their policies, PL+US was able to determine that none provide the six months of maternity leave called for by the President of the American Academy of Pediatrics. And 22 of the 29 companies have unequal leave policies for mothers, fathers, and adoptive parents, with fathers and adoptive parents receiving significantly less paid time off than women who give birth. In fact, according to the report, many companies offer no paid leave at all for fathers and adoptive parents—that has serious implications for LGBTQ parents. Take Starbucks: It's a progressive company that has applauded and supported the right to same-sex marriage and even created "safe spaces" for LGBTQ people. And yet the coffee behemoth only offers six weeks' paid maternity leave for birth mothers—and absolutely nothing for fathers. Unfortunately, Starbucks is in good company. Six more of the 29 companies don't offer paid time off for dads: AT&T, CVS, General Motors, Ford, Supervalu, and Verizon. More bad news? Salaried employees have a better shot at receiving paid time off than low, hourly wage workers. For example, Wal-Mart confirmed to PL+US that it only provides paid leave to salaried employees. And, according to the report, "anecdotal evidence suggests that Wal-Mart is not the only employer with this practice, making more research here a key area of future focus." There are a some bright spots in the report. A few big companies are leading the charge to give better benefits to their employees: Deloitte, Bank of America, and Ernst & Young each offer 16 weeks of fully paid parental leave for mothers, fathers, and adoptive parents, for example. At General Electric, all parents can get up to 12 weeks off—if they're salaried. And Procter & Gamble offers up to 16 weeks for birth mothers and adoptive parents, though it gives just four weeks to new fathers. You can see what each of the companies offer here. Keywords: maternity leave paternity leave parental leave work Get Glamour In Your Inbox! Sign Up Most Popular Fashion 49 Gorgeous Wedding Dresses You’ve Never Seen Before Fashion 30 Different Date Outfits from Daytime to Dressy Entertainment The 'Gilmore Girls' Cast Members, Then and Now Beauty See Kathleen Lights' New Nail Polish Line on 3 Different Skin Tones Healthy Eating and Recipes Sabra Just Recalled a Ton of Its Delicious Hummus Products By Erin Reimel an hour ago TV Kristen Wiig and More of Our Favorite SNL Alums Showed Up for This Week's Thanksgiving Episode By Erin Reimel 2 hours ago Celebs Brittany Howard of Alabama Shakes on her Alabama Tattoos 7 hours ago Movies Ryan Gosling and Emma Stone's La-La Land Duet Will Leave Your Heart in a Puddle By Krystin Arneson 17 hours ago News and Politics Feminist Twitter Is Really Running With #NameAPenceMusical By Krystin Arneson 19 hours ago DIY Projects You Have a Million Parties to Go to—Here's How to Bring a Bottle of Wine That's Actually Memorable By Abigail McCoy 20 hours ago related InspiredYoung Women Are the Most Bored at Work. Here's What We Can Do About It InspiredWhat Obama Told His Daughters After the Election Will Help Heal Your Soul InspiredOxford's Word of the Year is Perfect After the Year We've Had Follow UsGet up-to-the-instant updates and inspiring dispatches. Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Pinterest Follow Us On Instagram Get the NewsletterYour daily dose of the latest in fashion, beauty, and entertainment--delivered straight to your inbox Sign Up Privacy Policy Subscription Services Contact Glamour Reprints/Permissions Newsletter Signup Site Map RSS Advertise With Us UK Greece France Hungary Germany Poland Spain Sweden Russia Netherlands Mexico and Latin America South Africa Condé Nast Store Careers Glamour Media Kit Visit Other Condé Nast Sites ©2016 Condé Nast. All rights reserved Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective 1/2/2014) and Privacy Policy (effective 1/2/2014). Glamour may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers. Your California Privacy Rights The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Jobs Cars Property Directory Announcements Sign In Account Hello Edit Account Sign Out Search Search The Crawley Observer Search More Close ] News Transport Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Opinion Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National News Crime Education Business Politics Environment Health Opinion Your Say Offbeat Celebs Regional National Sport Football Cricket More Sport National Sport What's On Music Theatre & Comedy Arts & Screen Lifestyle MP backs new Gatwick hangar move The proposals are still in an early stage and are subject to planning permission 11:50 Thursday 17 November 2016 0 Have your say Crawley’s MP has come out in support of plans to build a new hangar at Gatwick Airport and provide more than 100 new jobs. Boeing and Gatwick Airport today announced plans for a multi-million pound commercial aviation maintenance hangar. Read more about the proposal here. Speaking on Twitter, Henry Smith MP said: “I welcome @BoeingUK plans to invest and build a commercial aviation maintenance hangar @Gatwick_Airport which will support over 100 jobs.” The proposals are still in an early stage and are subject to planning permission. Don’t miss out on all the latest breaking news where you live. Here are four ways you can be sure you’ll be amongst the first to know what’s going on. 1) Make our website your homepage 2) Like our Facebook page 3) Follow us on Twitter 4) Register with us by clicking on ‘sign in’ (top right corner). You can then receive our daily newsletter AND add your point of view to stories that you read here. And do share with your family and friends - so they don’t miss out! Always the first with your local news. Be part of it. Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account Welcome back! Email Address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} Password {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in {* #userInformationForm *} Sign in socially {* loginWidget *} Use another account with your email address {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Reset it here. No account yet? Register Now. {* /userInformationForm *} Registration Please fill in the remaining fields below to complete your registration {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the terms and conditions. of the website. {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /registrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} Registering with Crawley Observer means you're ok with our terms and conditions. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_jpCommsOptIn *} By registering you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the website. {* socialRegistration_captcha *} {* createAccountButton *} ← Back to previous screen {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Thank You For Registering Welcome to Crawley Observer You're almost there.We've just sent a confirmation email to . Check it out to confirm your registration. We are unable to send your welcome email at this time. Please try again later by clicking the resend welcome email link from your profile page. CHECK OUT MY PROFILE No thanks, take me to the homepage × Forgotten your password? Enter your email and we'll send you a link to reset your password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Reset Your Password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Reset your password We didn't recognise that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Reset your password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Reset your password Enter your new password. {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* /newPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Is this you? It looks like you're already registered {| foundExistingAccountText |}. Either connect these accounts, or create new one using a different email address. {| moreInfoText |} {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_provider |} {| existing_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} Created at {| existing_createdDate |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Back to previous screen Sign In To Complete Account Merge It looks like you're already registered Email is already registered with OtherSite. You'll be able to use the same account on current Site. Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Create new account {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Newsletter Preferences Congratulations, you're now registered! Let us know what news and updates you want to hear about and we'll send them straight to your inbox. No thanks, take me straight to the site. Daily Newsletter Additional Newsletter Where do you live? Enter your postcode so we can keep you up-to-date with the latest local news and exciting deals. Please provide a valid UK postcode Done Already Registered It looks like you're already registered. is already registered with . You will be able to use the same account on . Alternatively, you can create a new account with another email address. Validating Email address is required. Validating GET INTO WOW NOW Create a new account × × Thank you for registering We have sent a confirmation email to . Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. We are unable to process your request at this time. Please try again later. Close Welcome to Crawley Observer Congratulations, you've just sealed the deal! Sign in to your profile now to get started. That's it, you're all done! Close this window to start browsing the site now or click here to go to your profile Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just sign in to your profile now and resend the verification email. Unfortunately that verification link has expired. To get a new one, just resend the verification email by going to your profile page. Take me to my profile Sign in × Error × Profile Photo × Remove Linked Account? Are you sure you want to remove this linked account? Yes Cancel Join Us On Explore News Sport Crawley Town Lifestyle What's On Education Sussex More from Crawley Observer Announcements Bingo Buy a Photo Directory Dating Jobs Local Guide Cars Property Public Notices Useful Links Contact us Advertise My Business Place your ads Subscribe © 2016 Johnston Publishing Ltd. All rights reserved. Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Cookies Policy
null
null
Sign up for the TidewaterBiz e-newsletter today. It's FREE! TidewaterBiz Airbus Americas president tells CNU students to keep their fire going CNU Luter School of Business Dean George Ebbs (left) moderates a conversation with Airbus Americas President Barry Eccleston at the Gaines Theatre Tuesday night. Tara Bozick / Daily Press Tara Bozick / Daily Press Tara BozickContact Reportertbozick@dailypress.com Privacy Policy Airbus Americas President Barry Eccleston encouraged Christopher Newport University students to pay attention to what's going on in the world to prepare for a job in the global market. "The aviation business is the blood that flows through the veins of the world," Eccleston told attendees of the Luter School of Business talk Tuesday night. "In our business, you need to be prepared to work globally." Eccleston, a U.S. citizen who grew up in England and has lived in six countries, encouraged students to participate in an exchange program, do volunteer work or take time off and travel the world. For those who can't get out of the country, he suggested keeping up with global business and international news. "Understand the people you're dealing with and try and adapt to their circumstances and their cultures," Eccleston said. Relationships are important in the tight-knit aviation business where Eccleston has collaborated with competitors and can know all of his North American airline customers, he said. Trust is important when customers are spending millions or billions of dollars on airplanes, he said. Caption Video: Hampton's "State of the City" Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Caption Video: Hampton's "State of the City" Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Mayor Donnie Tuck gave the "State of the City" address at the Hampton Roads Convention Center on Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016. Caption Virginia Port Authority: Moving Forward The chairman and CEO of the Virginia Port Authority both spoke to the Daily Press editorial board about future plans for the port facilities they run.  The chairman and CEO of the Virginia Port Authority both spoke to the Daily Press editorial board about future plans for the port facilities they run.  Caption Aldi finishing construction Aldi is finishing construction of its store in Newport News and is set to open on Dec. 8, 2016.   Aldi is finishing construction of its store in Newport News and is set to open on Dec. 8, 2016.   Caption 'Right to Work' constitutional amendment on November ballots in Virginia Virginia voters will be asked whether they'd like to add anti-union language to the state constitution on the November ballot. Virginia voters will be asked whether they'd like to add anti-union language to the state constitution on the November ballot. Caption Why electric cars will be the way of the future Electric cars account for less than 1% of U.S. new car sales right now, but that number will most likely increase in the future. Electric cars account for less than 1% of U.S. new car sales right now, but that number will most likely increase in the future. Herndon-based Airbus Americas is part of the larger global Airbus Group headquartered in France. Airbus is a leading manufacturer of aircraft, competing with The Boeing Co., based in Chicago. Eccleston previously worked for Honeywell as vice president and general manager for its propulsion systems business and had been Honeywell's vice president of commercial aerospace for Europe, the Middle East and Africa. He started his career as an engineer at Rolls-Royce and worked his way up to become CEO of Rolls-Royce in Canada. Eccleston, pulling from more than four decades of experience, told CNU students to never quench their thirst to learn and to find mentors to help them along the way. He asked them to figure out what gets them out of bed in the morning and to "never lose that fire in your belly" -- in reference to a new graduate's critique of Eccleston and his colleagues during a management training exercise. Peninsula CEO to CNU students: Business degree won't be enough Tara Bozick Marsha Hudgins, CEO of Hudgins Contracting in Hampton, said she figured out early on that the people in charge — the decision makers — had the foundation of a business education. "The world of business is an integral part of life in general," Hudgins told more than 40 attendees of Christopher Newport... Marsha Hudgins, CEO of Hudgins Contracting in Hampton, said she figured out early on that the people in charge — the decision makers — had the foundation of a business education. "The world of business is an integral part of life in general," Hudgins told more than 40 attendees of Christopher Newport... (Tara Bozick) "When people say it can't be done, just take that as a personal challenge to yourself and everybody else that it can be done," Eccleston said. Additionally, plan how to succeed in your career, he said. For Eccleston, he focused on teamwork, leadership and getting results. "Don't shy away. Don't step back. Step forward and believe you can be the leader," Eccleston said. While technological development for commercial aircraft used by airlines is slow and incremental, Eccleston said he sees plenty to get excited about in the aerospace business, including the potential for an Uber-type model in aviation. Imagine getting picked up by an unmanned single-passenger aerial vehicle that shows up in your backyard and takes you to see your grandma in Wisconsin, he said. Uber is an app-based, on-demand platform for ordering rides from drivers who use their personal vehicles to make money. The San Francisco-based company has begun testing self-driving cars, according to a Washington Post story. Uber also released a white paper on its website examining the future use of on-demand flying taxis. "This is coming faster than you probably might imagine and it's totally going to disrupt the existing aviation model as I know it," Eccleston said. Attendee Dylan Gehr, an accounting senior, came to see how Eccleston applied the concepts he's been learning in his classes. Cassandra Bentivegna, a third-year senior studying psychology, said Eccleston urging attendees to be confident in their capabilities was empowering. "The idea that you don't need other people to believe in you to believe in yourself is what really resonated with me," Bentivegna said. Bozick can be reached by phone at 757-247-4741. Sign up for a free weekday business news email at TidewaterBiz.com. Copyright © 2016, Daily Press Colleges and Universities Peninsula CEO John Lawson talks leadership, plans for the future Fantastic 50 seeking nominations for fastest-growing businesses Top Videos Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 48°
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out21:03 GMT +320 November 2016 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear Red Line The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Unanimous Dissent World In Focus Photo Video Infographics Live Search Will Tariff Wall Against China Make America Great Again? © REUTERS/ Jonathan Ernst Business 04:01 17.11.2016Get short URL 656273 President-elect Donald Trump’s transition team has released a memo that outlines a plan for the first 200 days of his presidency. Radio Sputnik’s Brian Becker invited author and professor Vijay Prashad to discuss key points -- including the 45-percent trade tariff against China. © Flickr/ Stròlic Furlàn - Davide Gabino London Open to US Citizens Wishing to Leave Home Over Trump’s Victory - MayorVijay Prashad underscores two key points in the transition memo. The first is a plan to withdraw the US from the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA). The second would be a 35-45-percent tariff on Chinese goods. "Mr. Trump is taking us on an experiment at a scale we've never seen before," Prashad says. ​According to Prashad, several countries have exited the world financial system, either forcibly or voluntarily. By example, by way of economic sanctions resulting from the suspected development of nuclear weapons, Iran was ejected from the world financial system but dealt with the repercussions in its own way. A more recent example was Brexit, Prashad says, but this would not carry the weight of a US withdrawal from global economic pacts. The consequences of a US withdrawal from NAFTA and a trade standoff with China cannot be accurately predicted. "Donald Trump's expectations are that a large tariff wall against China will somehow itself spur job creation in the United States." The economic manifestations of the decision have a high chance of success, according to some, potentially creating jobs on American soil, but the political repercussions could be severe enough to nullify the move, Prashad notes. "China will not take the 45 percent tariff wall lightly," he warned. © Flickr/ Ars Electronica US Trade Deficit With China Reaches $225.2Bln in First Half of 2016By example, China could refuse to buy Boeing planes, instead opting for Airbus or another aircraft manufacturer outside the US. China would also move to other global markets, including Russia and Africa; the latter seeing a growing Chinese presence. "It might end up isolating the United States from the rest of the world," Prashad notes. Following the Spanish American war, the US sought to redraw colonial spheres of influence and expand toward new markets. The isolationist wing of the Republican party, mostly vanquished by the beginning of World War II, allowed the forces inside the US to put more effort into expanding economic influence. For some 20 years US manufacturing and trade showed good results, as technological advancement allowed it to achieve an almost hegemonic supremacy over the rest of the world. But the economic stagnation of the 1970s saw business seek new forms of organization. Technological advancement, including huge container ships and other forms of versatile logistics, combined with advanced communication systems, allowing for the break-up of giant factories, dispersing manufacturing across the globe. According to Prashad, this created a significant change, in which the labor force was no longer concentrated in one place, a system that formerly allowed workers to have a "bargaining position" against a corporate executive branch. Now, with smaller factories globally dispersed, it has become harder for workers to bargain for advantages previously gained through regional unity. © Sputnik/ Alexei Filippov Arise Ye Anti-Globalist Masses: Moscow's Role in the Struggle for Multipolarity GrowingBut production networks suffered from national tariffs and other forms of economic protectionism. So-called "free trade" agreements became necessary to protect an increasingly dispersed commodity production chain. This gave birth to neo-liberalism, and saw manufacturing jobs leaving the US in favor of other countries, Prashad says. Leaders of very large banks and multinational corporations became "globalists," and "transnational elites." He shares a degree of pessimism in connection to Trump's protectionist policies, as they do not address the core of the problem: the policies and behavior of the people who control money and property, the "global one percent." Prashad believes that President Trump will try to exercise as much control as he can, but, as a businessman, he must know that the one percent cannot be threatened. "If they feel that their accumulations are threatened at all, they will come at you," he says. "So what you are going to get from Mr. Trump is a great deal of rhetoric about going after the globalists," he says, but unless the new President addresses globalists directly, his policies are unlikely to be successful. Despite his pessimism, Prashad is watching as the real outcome of a Trump presidency unfolds. ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon 73 Related: Donald Trump Wants Biggest US Navy Buildup Since Ronald Reagan ‘Faithless Electors’ in Colorado Want to Stop Trump From Taking Office Sanders: Trump Must Rescind Hiring of ‘Racist’ for White House Job Trump Eyes Texas Senator Cruz as Possible US Attorney General Tags: trade, protectionism, policy, tariffs, economy, Vijay Prashad, Donald Trump, China, United States TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All comments Reply marcanhalt 07:43 17.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete The US played into the hands of China via the WTO. And while US farmers and manufacturers were greedily rubbing their hands at the prospects of getting rich over night, the Chinese were using the WTO to their own advantage. Instead of the profits coming back to the US, they had to be reinvested in the factories in China off the top. Instead of getting the tax advantages here in the US to do that, extending over years of buildings and infrastructure, there were none given as US tax laws did not apply. Couple that with the profits being split, evenly, between the Chinese government and US entrepreneurial, and the standard or cost of living was eaten up before the profits could be transferred. Then you had the matter of new patents, which the Chinese could claim as their own per the WTO agreement that was signed. Throw in currency manipulation of the yuan and now you had a nightmare of cheap goods flooding the US markets. The Federal Reserve tried to imitate the same market gimmick which only resulted in less monies for infrastructure and growth. The only way to get our markets back is to make the Chinese pay for their shenanigans is to give them what Trump is espousing; an inflated excise tax on anything coming into this country. The only way for some of these traitorous companies to save their name is to move back where the work force is all to willing to take less to save their homes. It's a start. Reply arpito 08:29 17.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete an excellent, impartial and insightful analysis Reply jas 08:57 17.11.2016 | 0 | Edit | Delete What's Becker doing talking about globalists like he isn't one of them?Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Top stories New EU 'Totalitarian Ideology' Plans to Put Russian Media, Daesh on Same Page The EU Parliament is set to vote on a report on countering third-party information warfare that puts Russian media and Daesh propaganda on the same level. 2348 Putin Speaks With Obama on Sidelines of APEC Summit - Kremlin Russian President Vladimit Putin spoke with his US counterpart Barack Obama on the sidelines of the APEC summit in Peru, Kremlin Spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Sunday, confirming earlier media reports. 21000 Trump Confirms Considering Appointment of General Mattis as Pentagon Chief US President-elect Donald Trump confirmed on Sunday that he has been considering retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis for the post of the head of Pentagon. 4966 Persian Style Guide: First Fashion Encyclopedia Published in Iran The first national encyclopedia of Iranian fashion and attire has been published in Iran. It introduces its readers to the fashion industry of the Islamic Republic. The book will be presented at the international exhibition of clothes “Daheye Fajr” in late January 2017. 0 16 Beauty AND Brains: Choose the Most Attractive Russian Female Lawmaker The serious and responsible work in the Russian State Duma does not keep some female MPs from staying in great shape and at times even becoming trendsetters. Sputnik presents below a list of Russia’s most attractive MPs. Vote for your favorite by clicking on the arrow next to the photo. 183494 Damascus Will Back Syrian Peace Talks on Condition of No External Interference Damascus is ready to support the Syrian peace talks on condition that the foreign states will refrain from meddling in the negotiations, Syrian Foreign Minister Walid Muallem said Sunday after negotiations with UN Special Envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura. 0 300 News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 20:59Persian Style Guide: First Fashion Encyclopedia Published in Iran 20:50IMF Head Skeptical About WTO - Russian Deputy Minister 20:46IMF Head Says Russia Tackling Decline in Oil Prices With Dignity - Official 20:41Putin, Abe Discuss Economic Projects in Third Countries - Moscow 20:38New EU 'Totalitarian Ideology' Plans to Put Russian Media, Daesh on Same PageAll news Poll Finds Disunity in EU Ranks, 'Things Are Going in the Wrong Direction' 72210 Putin’s Presidential Plane Chased by Swiss Fighter Jets (VIDEO) 21469 India, US Turn Corner, Resolve to Close Old Tax Disputes Worth USD 751 Million 10090 The Final Countdown: Syrian Army Prepares to Storm Aleppo's East 9698 'Putin Was Right': This is Who Will Rebuild Syria After the War 8999All news Putin’s Presidential Plane Chased by Swiss Fighter Jets (VIDEO) 94 Poll Finds Disunity in EU Ranks, 'Things Are Going in the Wrong Direction' 79 Moscow to Respond to Bern's Explanations Over Jets Tracking Russian Gov't Plane 57 George Soros Seeking Ways to Resist Trump's New Global Order 53 Majority of Germans Want Merkel to Stay for Another Term as Chancellor 52All news Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics From Katyusha to Iskander-M: Top-10 Arms of Russian Missile Forces and Artillery Friends With Benefits US 'War on Terror' in Numbers News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2016 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
' F-22 Weapon Sys Gets a Thrifty Fix | Israel’s Cyber Exports May Top $5B 2016 | Pakistan Aeronautical Opening Up Private Sector Participation Advertisement Defense program acquisition news, budget data, market briefings Contact Editorial Advertising Feedback & Support Subscriptions & Reports Subscribe Paid Subscription in-depth program analysis & data sets Free Email Newsletter quick daily updates Log in Email Address Password Remember me Forgot your password? Not yet a subscriber? Find out what you have been missing. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Table of contents F-22 Weapon Sys Gets a Thrifty Fix | Israel’s Cyber Exports May Top $5B for 2016 | Pakistan Aeronautical Opening Up to Private Sector Participation Nov 17, 2016 00:58 UTC by Defense Industry Daily staff Americas Issues affecting an F-22 Raptor weapons system have been fixed and the fighter has returned to normal operations with student pilots. While few details have been released, the issues surround the in-flight operations including radar functions and low observability capabilities. The USAF’s thrifty maintenance crews took as little as two days to formulate a solution at a cost of only $250. A replacement system would have set them back $40,000 and $50,000. Boeing is to consolidate their defense, space and security operations, resulting in the closure of some plants and relocation of jobs. Plants in El Paso, Texas and Newington, Virginia are earmarked to be shut with the company stating that their manufacturing area will be shrunk by about 4.5 million square feet by the end of 2020. Approximately 500 jobs will be cut over the period. A new global operations group will also be established to include defense units in Australia, Saudi Arabia, and UK which will be headed by the company’s current UK managing director, David Pitchforth. Middle East & North Africa In a bid to push foreign cyber-security sales, Israel is targeting more than 20 countries following an earlier easing of its export control policy. Cyber related exports have been increasing year over year with last year’s figure amounting to $4 billion, $800 million more than in 2014. It’s believed that this year could potentially top $5 billion, more than all other nations combined, barring the US. Europe The Czech Prime Minister has rejected notions of future US missile defense radar deployment in the country. Calling the idea “pure fiction,” Bohuslav Sobotka stressed that the country had more pressing security concerns than a potential missile threat from Iran, a moot fear since last year’s nuclear deal. US missile defense plans for Europe currently include Aegis-equipped ships patrolling from Spain, and rocket equipped silos in Romania and Poland, with Turkey, Germany and other NATO states providing radar capability. Russia’s federal national guard will test a new fixed-wing UAV from Zala Aero early next year. The catapult-launched 16E5 is currently in the final stages of factory testing which so far has seen the replacement of the original motor with a combustion engine, increasing the aircraft’s maximum speed and flight duration. With a 5m (16.4ft) wingspan, it has an endurance of 16h at a range of 81nm (150km). Other features include a day/night camera and a thermal imager, and it can return itself to base in the event of loss of communications, all while maintaining a low radar frequency signature. F/A-18 Hornet fighters operated by the Spanish Air Force will be replaced by a “system of systems” by 2030. Known as the Future Combat Air System (FCAS), the prgram will see about 50 legacy Tranche 2 and Tranche 3 Eurofighter Typhoons upgraded to network with a fifth-generation aircraft; a new fifth-generation aircraft (type and numbers to be decided); and an unmanned combat aerial vehicle (type and numbers to be decided). While the fifth-generation aircraft will likely be the F-35, Spanish Navy plans to retire their AV-8B Harrier II will result in a joint procurement between the two branches. Asia Pacific RUAG Australia has won an F-35 sustainment contract in support of the Australian Defense Forces. Under the deal, RUAG will repair and install new valves, auxiliary power systems, landing gear components, and additional supporting equipment on the 72 aircraft slated to go down under. The company’s participation in the F-35 program stretches back to its development phase in 2003, manufacturing major hydraulic components for the next-gen fighter. Pakistan Aeronautical Complex (PAC) has said it will open up to allow the private defense sector to participate in programs such as the JF-17 Thunder fighter and Super Mushshak trainer. As well as looking for new design and development programs for upgrades to the aircraft, PAC is also entertaining the possibility of allowing collaboration on the manufacture of propulsion and industrial gas turbines. Benefits of opening up the domestic industry include using public funds that otherwise would have gone abroad as domestic stimulus and making it easier for foreign vendors to pick private firms in matters involving sensitive technology intellectual property, which could make transfer-of-technology and expertise easier to negotiate. Today’s Video Russia’s demonstrates the land attack capability of its K-300P Bastion-P mobile coastal defense missile system in Syria: Advertisement Categories: Daily Rapid Fire Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. Advertisement Archives MIL BIZ GEO DAY Aircraft Air Reconnaissance Blimps & LTA Craft Engines - Aircraft Equipment - Other Fighters & Attack Heavy Bombers Helicopters & Rotary Protective Systems - Aircraft Specialty Aircraft Transport & Utility UAVs Electronics & IT Avionics ECM Electronics - General Eng. Control Systems IT - Cyber-Security IT - General IT - Networks & Bandwidth IT - Software & Integration Radars Sensors & Guidance Signals Radio & Wireless Simulation & Training Land Equipment Engineering Vehicles Engines Other Equipment - Land Robots Soldier's Gear Tanks & Mechanized Trucks & Transport Logistics & Support Asstd. Support Equipment Bases & Infrastructure C4ISR Chemicals & HAZMAT Clothing Engineer Units Environmental Financial & Accounting Food-related Fuel & Power Intelligence & PsyOps Logistics Marketing & Advertising Medical MPs & Justice Power Projection Public Relations Signals Intercept, Cryptography, etc. Support & Maintenance Support Functions - Other Testing & Evaluation Military Overall Expeditionary Warfare Force Structure Forces - Air Forces - Land Forces - Marines Forces - Naval Forces - Space Forces - Special Ops Forces - Strategic Interoperability Leadership & People Memoriam Policy - Doctrine Policy - Personnel Policy - Procurement Security & Secrecy Training & Exercises Transformation Warfare - Lessons Warfare - Trends Naval Equipment Coastal & Littoral Engines & Propulsion - Naval Protective Systems - Naval Sensors - Aquatic Submarines Surface Ships - Combat Surface Ships - Other UUVs & USVs Ordnance & Guns ABM Ammunition Bombs - Cluster Bombs - General Bombs - Smart Explosives Grenades Guns - 20-59 mm direct Guns - 60+ mm direct Guns - Artillery & Mortars Guns - Naval Guns - Personal Weapons Guns - under 20mm direct Laser & EM Weapons Mines & Countermine-IED Missiles - Air-Air Missiles - Anti-Armor Missiles - Anti-Ship Missiles - Ballistic Missiles - Precision Attack Missiles - Surface-Air Non-Lethal Weapons Other Weapons Remote Weapons Systems Rockets Shells & Mortar Rounds Underwater Weapons Space GPS Infrastructure Launch Facilities Launch Vehicles Satellites & Sensors Space Warfare WMD Biological Weapons Chemical Weapons Nuclear Weapons WMD Defenses WMD Detection WMD Proliferation Corporation Airbus ATK BAE Boeing Consulting Firms DCNS Elbit Systems Finmeccanica GE General Atomics General Dynamics HAL Honeywell IAI L3 Communications Lockheed Martin MBDA Navistar Northrop-Grumman Oshkosh Other Corporation RAFAEL Raytheon Rolls Royce Rosoboronexport Security Contractor Small Business T&C - Big 5 Firms T&C - Booz Allen T&C - CSC T&C - EDS T&C - IBM T&C - Microsoft T&C - RAND Corp. T&C - SAIC T&C - SRI Textron Thales United Technologies University-related DID site Daily Rapid Fire FOCUS Articles Guest Articles Sharpen yourself Spotlight articles Industry Conferences & Events Contracts - Awards Contracts - Intent Contracts - Modifications Corporate Financials Delivery & Task Orders Industry & Trends Mergers & Acquisitions Partnerships & Consortia People Pre-RFP Projections & Assessments RFPs Rumours Innovation After-Action Reviews Corporate Innovations DARPA Design Innovations Field Innovations Logistics Innovations Materials Innovations New Systems Tech Procurement Innovations R&D - Contracted R&D - Private Science - Basic Research News Events Field Reports Politics Alliances Budgets Domestic Security Issues - Environmental Issues - International Issues - Political Legal Lobbying Official Reports Public Partnering Scandals & Investigations Think Tanks Projects Project Failures Project Management Project Methodologies Project Successes Americas Americas - Other Brazil Canada USA Asia Asia - Central Asia - Other Australia & S. Pacific China India Indonesia Japan Singapore South Korea Europe Britain/U.K. Europe - Other European Union (EU) France Germany Russia Middle East & Africa Africa - Other Iraq Israel Middle East - Other Saudi Arabia Turkey United Arab Emirates (UAE) Other Geo Oceans - International Outer Space Polar Regions 2016 January February March April May June July August September October November 2015 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2014 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2013 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2012 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2011 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2010 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2009 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2008 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2007 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2006 January February March April May June July August September October November December 2005 January February March April May June July August September October November December White Papers & Events Advertisement Advertisement © 2004-2016 Defense Industry Daily, LLC | About Us | Images on this site | Privacy Policy Contact us: Editorial | Advertising | Feedback & Support | Subscriptions & Reports Follow us: Twitter | Google+ Stay Up-to-Date on Defense Programs Developments with Free Newsletter DID's daily email newsletter keeps you abreast of contract developments, pictures, and data, put in the context of their underlying political, business, and technical drivers. One-stop tracking Our coverage for each program of record is centralized in one article to save time and provide comprehensive context. Catch up with new events Recent updates are highlighted upfront to make it easy to stay on top of programs over their lifecycle. Table of contents The table of contents can be moved on the side or folded to help you navigate within our reports. Exec summary Quickly catch up with just the latest updates, main events and milestones by hiding more granular details. Media gallery Each article comes with a gallery of relevant contextual images, charts, and videos. Clean printoutsOur articles print beautifully, without any of the clutter that often gets in the way on the web. Save as PDFExporting to the Adobe PDF format lets you read our content offline. Subscribe for more Check out our subscription plans to access our extensive defense program coverage. 7ads6x98y
Main Menu News Subscribe About Us Advertise Shop Print Edition Jobs Donate Campaigns Contact More Print Edition Campaigns Jobs Advertise Contact News Categories Britain World Editorial Features Sport Arts Account Management Login / Register THE PEOPLE'S DAILY FIGHTING FUND YOU'VE RAISED: £9526 WE NEED: £8474 10 Days Remaining Donate Today Britain World Editorial Features Sport Arts Features A cult leader and the dictator’s daughter Nov 2016 Thursday 17th posted by Morning Star in Features KENNY COYLE walks us through the bizarre scandal which could oust South Korea’s President Park Geun Hye. Her downfall could be an opportunity for the left to break the country free from neoliberalism SOUTH Korea’s most recent political crisis has entered a new and possibly final stage, as momentum builds to oust scandal-ridden right-wing President Park Geun Hye. At the weekend, an estimated one million demonstrators took to the streets of Seoul, while thousands more demonstrated in other major centres, such as Busan and Jeju Island, calling for Park to go. Park has confessed to a bizarre political relationship with the daughter of a former religious cult leader, who befriended her more than 30 years ago. She denies any illegal acts. However, her accusers allege that Park was not only advised by her friend Choi Soon Sil — who is being investigated for peddling political influence in return for cash — but that she also shared sensitive government information and awarded lucrative contracts on her suggestions. Choi is suspected of interfering in state affairs and appointments, receiving confidential documents and using her inside knowledge and connections to amass considerable personal wealth. On Monday, state prosecutors announced they wanted to question two former presidential secretaries, who stepped down last month in a belated bid by Park to clean house. A third former presidential secretary, Jeong Ho Seong, is already in detention, facing similar allegations of illegally passing on presidential and government documents to Choi. While her presidential term is not due to expire until February 2018, few now believe Park can ride out the storm. Political foes and former allies alike have either called for her to resign or face impeachment. Park’s conservative Saenuri (New Frontier) Party is now embroiled in a civil war between her loyalists and those seeking to distance the party from what they see as a political liability. UN secretary-general Ban Ki Moon, whose term ends this New Year’s Eve, is the preferred candidate of the South Korean right. However, if Park resigns before December 31, new elections have to be called within 60 days, leaving Ban little time to campaign. Ban’s supporters are therefore playing for time, keeping Park in place for now but clipping her power. Impeachment, if sufficient support for that could be found, would likely take at least six to eight months. In any case, Park’s political career is essentially dead in the water. Park is an authentic product of the South Korean elite. She is the daughter of former South Korean dictator Park Chung Hee. The elder Park served as a Japanese collaborator in the wartime Japanese imperial army as did many of the post-1945 South Korean ruling class. Park Chung Hee rose to power in 1961, using his military links and the vicious activities of the Korean Central Intelligence Agency (KCIA) to repress all opposition. When an assassination attempt on Park Chung Hee in 1975 killed his wife, daughter Park Geun Hye, then just 23, took over the role of first lady. It was after her mother’s death that the young Park fell under the influence of Choi’s colourful father, a former police officer, Buddhist monk and founder of a Christian sect called The Church of Eternal Life and the pro-dictatorship Movement for a New Mind. Such was Choi senior’s influence over Park that he was dubbed the “Korean Rasputin.” In 1979, Park Chung Hee was himself assassinated by Kim Jae Gyu, his own KCIA director. Kim said that part of his motive was the president’s failure to keep his daughter away from the influence of the sect leader. After Choi senior’s death in 1994, his daughter continued to exercise the same dubious influence over Park Geun Hye, by then an up-and-coming right-wing politician. Choi Soon Sil is even credited with navigating Park’s eventual path to the Blue House — South Korea’s presidential palace — in 2012. While the investigation is likely to unearth multiple scandals, two military decisions taken during Park’s presidency have come under particular scrutiny. South Korea has one of the largest armed forces on Earth and its fat military budgets have provided rich pickings over the years for arms manufacturers and for corrupt political and military elements involved in awarding these lavish contracts. Choi is accused of using her influence in a multibillion-dollar fighter jet project. Opposition politicians have demanded details about links between Jeong Yoon Ho, Choi’s ex-husband and rumoured to have been Park’s lover, and Linda Kim, a controversial Korean-American arms lobbyist. In 2007 a $7.28 billion tender was launched to re-equip the South Korean air force involving Boeing, the European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company (Airbus) and Lockheed Martin. The Boeing model eventually emerged as the frontrunner but in September 2013, little more than six months after Park had taken office, the contract was blocked. A further six months later, US arms giant Lockheed Martin was awarded a modified contract. The second deal also involves Lockheed Martin, which was granted a $1bn contract to build a Terminal High Altitude Area Defence (Thaad) system in the rural town of Seongju, some 130 miles southeast of Seoul. As disarmament campaigners have long pointed out, anti-missile systems often encourage military strategists to believe in more aggressive posturing. This is the very last thing the Korean peninsula needs. Even South Korean military analysts have expressed their scepticism about the effectiveness of Thaad, while thousands of Seongju residents and peace campaigners have demonstrated against the project. China and Russia have also expressed their concerns. Both states believe that Thaad’s extensive radar range is essentially a US forward-spying mission directed against them as much as North Korea. However, while alleged corruption has triggered these recent protests they also come at a time when the South Korean economy has slowed significantly and working people have taken the pain. The fusion of political and corporate elitism has reached unimaginable heights in South Korea, where political favours have long been taken for granted by the few dozen Chaebols (multi-industrial conglomerates) which dominate all branches of the economy. For example, Samsung Electronics — which is valued at $300bn — has nearly 80 affiliated subsidiaries in dozens of different fields. South Korea has averaged annual growth rates of just 2.7 per cent over the past five years. While impressive by British standards, this is way below the highs of the 1980s, when yearly GDP growth averaged over 9 per cent. Neoliberal policies followed by Park and her predecessors have seen familiar results. Between 1995 and 2010, South Korea’s largest manufacturing firms shifted 17 per cent of their production overseas, much of it to low-wage economies in south-east Asia. Casual, part-time and temporary workers have increased from 27.4 per cent of the working population in 2002 to 34.2 per cent in 2011. More than one third of South Korean workers suffer insecure job conditions, receiving only around 60 per cent of regular workers’ salaries with no medical insurance, severance pay or company welfare subsidies. In the shipbuilding industry at least 6,000 full-time workers have lost their jobs already this year, some through simple redundancy but many through “voluntary” retirement schemes. One of the three biggest shipbuilders, Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering, forced its workers to submit supposedly voluntary retirement applications that the company could keep “in its desk.” A second member of the big three, Samsung Heavy Industries, said it would reduce its shipyard workforce by 30-40 per cent by 2018 and is expected to lay off 2,500 workers next year. Aside from the squeeze on South Korean workers, Park’s rule has also seen intensified attacks on academic freedom, on the left and those seeking more constructive approaches to relations with North Korea. In 2013, the right-wing government and judiciary rubber-stamped a witch-hunt against the small Unified Progressive Party (UPP), whose MPs were framed by the KCIA’s success or National Intelligence Service as potential pro-Pyongyang saboteurs. One UPP parliamentarian was sentenced to 12 years in jail, its remaining MPs were disbarred from the National Assembly and the party itself has been banned. Park has bought chilling reminders of her own father’s legacy of repression.South Korea’s crisis also comes at a crucial point in Asian and American relations. The “pivot to Asia” spearheaded by President Obama and his then secretary of state Hillary Clinton is clearly in some trouble. In his statements on US military bases in East Asia and on possible talks with North Korea, president-elect Trump has contradicted himself, made major policy pronouncements only to reverse them weeks or even days later. In the face of such confusion, the mass movements against Park may perhaps provide an opportunity for left and democratic forces to resurface and regroup around the fight for a break with South Korea’s neoliberal economics and an end to the US military presence on the Korean peninsula. Related Tags: South Korea Kenny Coyle park geun hye Latest Tories Hand Liz £350m to do up House Germany: US and EU’s leaders try to shore up Nato US and Ukraine fail to condemn nazism Music cash ‘a plaster on a gaping wound’ Owned By Our Readers We're a reader-owned co-operative, which means you can become part of the paper too by buying shares in the People’s Press Printing Society. Become a Supporter It looks like you've got Adblock Plus installed. The Morning Star relies on advertising revenue — please consider unsubscribing or placing us on Adblock Plus' whitelist. Subscribe Have the Morning Star at your fingertips, wherever you are. Subscribe Now Advertisement The Morning Star All Rights Reserved Owned by Our Readers We're a reader-owned co-operative, which means you can become part of the paper too by buying shares in the People’s Press Printing Society. Become a Supporter Info Privacy Policy Terms of Use Returns Policy Published by Companies House Number: IP12750R Registered office: William Rust House, 52 Beachy Road, London E3 2NS, UK Telephone: 020 8510 0815 Website Designed and Developed by LemonDigits Ltd
News E-edition Subscribe Sign in Daily Sun News Jump to content Home News Web exclusive Agriculture Briefs Business Education Government Local Police and Fire Local Links Sports High School Recreation Youth Opinion Editorials Polls Commentary Letters to the Editor Lifestyle Community Entertainment People Health & Fitness Home & Garden Religion Weddings & Engagements Obituaries and Births Obituaries & Death Notices Births Events Today's events Submit an event Media Photos Videos Galleries Our Valley Buy photos Classifieds Search ads Place ad Classifieds login Special Sections Contact Us Subscribe E-edition Contact the Daily Sun Staff Listing News Tips Letter to the Editor Anniversary Engagement Wedding Upvote 0 Penny Lanette Taylor OBITUARY Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Sign in to favorite this Discuss Comment, Blog about Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Penny Lanette Taylor Penny Lanette Taylor, 69, of Richland, formerly of Sunnyside, went home to be with the Lord Saturday, Nov. 12, 2016, surrounded by her family. While it would have been better for us if she remained, having fought the good fight and desiring the better things that await those in Christ Jesus, she slipped the surly bonds of this world and entered eternity. Penny was born in Toppenish, on June 12, 1947, to Clifford Reeves and Sylvia (Berry). She grew up in Sunnyside, where she met the love of her life, Buddy Taylor. They married in Renton 51 years ago while working at Boeing. The couple raised their family in Sunnyside and moved to Richland in 1992, where she continued her long career with the Rite-Aid Corporation. She was a selfless and humble saint, beloved mother, wife, sister, grandmother and daughter who rose above a meager and humble childhood to become the matriarch of her vivacious and vibrant family. A family that will carry her indelible imprint for the generations she leaves behind, and ones to follow. Penny is survived by her husband, Buddy Taylor of Richland; four daughters, Terra (Steven) Webster of Houston, Texas, Lana Siemon of Kennewick, Jennifer (Troy) Fulton of Richland and Dawnee (Martin) Doggett of Richland; seven grandchildren, Kayla and Tanner Siemon; Rachel Buckley, Drew and Kelsey Fulton and Valentina and Violet Webster. She is also survived by brothers, Larry Reeves and Raymond Harvie; and special family friend, Don Warren. She was preceded in death by her parents; son, Buddy Taylor; and sister, Lana Stanton. Graveside service will be at 11 a.m., Monday, Nov. 21, at Lower Valley Memorial Gardens in Sunnyside. A time of fellowship will follow the graveside service at First Baptist Church in Sunnyside. In lieu of flowers, those wishing to honor Penny’s memory may contribute to the Tri-Cities Cancer Center, 7350 W. Deschutes Ave. Ste. A, Kennewick, WA 99336. Those wishing to sign Penny’s online memorial book may do so at www.funeralhomesmith.com. Smith Funeral Home is in care of arrangements.  More like this story Lana Marie Stanton Penny Lanette Taylor OBITUARY Maria L. Almeida Karin Joyce Taylor Comments Comments are subject to moderator review and may not appear immediately on the site. Please read our commenting policy before posting. Any comment violating the site's commenting guidelines will be removed and the user could be banned from the site. Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Sign in to comment Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Hot Jobs View all listings SEASONAL FULL TIME CUSTOMER SERVICE REPRESENTATIVES: Mobile version Tablet version Sunnyside Daily Sun News 600 S. 6th St., P.O. Box 878 Sunnyside, WA 98944 Ph. 509-837-4500 - Fax 509-837-6397 Contents of this site are © Copyright 2016 Eagle Newspapers, Inc. All rights reserved.
Skip to content Satellite Press Releases pr @ satprnews.com Houston Super Bowl Host Committee Reveals "WOW" Factor For Super Bowl LIVE Fan Festival HOUSTON, Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — The Houston Super Bowl Host Committee today unveiled Future Flight as its “WOW” Factor for the 2017 Super Bowl LIVE fan festival. Featuring an out-of-this world virtual reality experience and numerous hands-on space exhibits, Future Flight will share with the public the incredible journey to Mars and beyond. The unveiling took place at the 2016 Space Commerce Conference and Exposition (SpaceCom). “The Host Committee has declared Super Bowl LI as the Super Bowl of the future in the City of the Future,” said Sallie Sargent, president and CEO of the Houston Super Bowl Host Committee. “Nothing says future more than deep space travel. The Host Committee is thrilled to partner with NASA and the leading space industry companies to create the Future Flight Experience for people to enjoy during Super Bowl LIVE.” Future Flight’s key component is a virtual reality ride that takes guests on an excursion through space to the Red Planet and back, using actual footage from Mars. Guests don virtual reality goggles for the 2-minute, 10-second ride. It concludes with a 90-foot drop that transports the rider visually from Mars back to Earth, landing on the 50-yard-line of NRG Stadium, just in time for kickoff of Super Bowl LI. For guests who prefer not to experience the 90-foot drop, there will be a special presentation area outside of the attraction to experience the virtual reality portion of Future Flight. NASA, leading aerospace companies – Aerojet Rocketdyne, The Boeing Company, Lockheed Martin Corporation, Northrop Grumman Corporation, Orbital ATK and Raytheon Company – and the Coalition for Deep Space Exploration – are working together to share the exciting story of America’s current efforts in the development of new rockets, engines, crew capsules, astronaut training programs and deep space science that will reveal valuable discoveries and transport humans to other planets. As a result of this collaboration, Super Bowl LIVE will host a one-of-a-kind, interactive experience for all visitors to enjoy. “The space industry is one of Houston’s vital sectors, featuring some of the country’s brightest professionals in science and engineering,” said Dr. Ellen Ochoa, director of the NASA Johnson Space Center. “This ‘WOW’ Factor allows the public to experience a journey through space that is normally only experienced by select individuals. We are excited to work alongside the Houston Super Bowl Host Committee and our industry partners to showcase some of the best that Houston has to offer.”  Future Flight will be open to the public from Jan. 28, 2017 through Feb. 5, 2017. It will be located at Super Bowl LIVE, the 10-day fan festival held the week of Super Bowl LI. The free event will be held in and around Discovery Green in downtown Houston, and will feature music, games and attractions. For more information, please visit www.housuperbowl.com or follow the Host Committee on Twitter @HouSuperBowl. About the Houston Super Bowl Host Committee The Houston Super Bowl Host Committee is the centralized planning entity for Super Bowl LI, and acts as the liaison between the NFL, City of Houston, Harris County and the local community. The Host Committee is a private, non-profit 501(c)(6) Texas corporation, and is responsible for Super Bowl LI festivities and logistics. Connect with the Host Committee on Twitter @HouSuperBowl or on Facebook at facebook.com/HoustonSuperBowlLI. For more information, go to www.housuperbowl.com. Please see link for videos and images of Future Flight: https://www.dropbox.com/sh/9i2xxxlk8516jm8/AABxgNfdu8-zcaf5uAzgOsl1a?dl=0 Media Contacts Kevin Cooper, kcooper@housuperbowl.com or 713-816-1482 Lauren Quesada, lauren@griffincg.com or 281-744-7938   satprnews.com Author RSS ImportPosted on November 16, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Watertree Health® Announces 2 Million Meals Donated Next Next post: Rainmaker Announces Closing of $11 Million Underwritten Private Placement Offering Search for: Search Recent Posts Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Melbourne Moving Company pledges $10,000 to help domestic violence victims this December Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 November 2013 September 2013 June 2013 March 2013 December 2012 November 2012 October 2012 September 2012 July 2012 March 2012 February 2012 January 2012 December 2011 November 2011 October 2011 September 2011 August 2011 July 2011 April 2010 March 2010 August 2009 January 1970 Categories Satellite Space Flights Uncategorized VSAT Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Satellite Press Releases Proudly powered by WordPress
Mon, 14 November 2016 Travel News Asia Special Deals and Promotions - New! Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Daily Email HD Video Interviews Podcasts of HD Video Interviews - New! Picture Galleries Media Services Book Reviews Travel / Tech Gear Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - About Travel News Asia - Contact Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Home ☰ Special Offers Media Services HD Video Interviews Podcasts Travel News AirBridgeCargo Airlines Reports Thirteenth Consecutive Year of Growth AirBridgeCargo Airlines (ABC) has reported that 2016 is already a record-breaking year, following a further 30% year-on-year growth in tonnage in October to 57,608 tonnes.  With two months of the year still to go, ABC has achieved its thirteenth consecutive year of growth.  In the 10 months ended 30 October 2016, the airline carried 498,177 tonnes across its growing international route network, a rise of 29% over the same period in 2015. Last year, the airline set a record of 483,000 tonnes flown. Robert van de Weg, Senior Vice President, Sales & Marketing at Volga-Dnepr Group, ABC’s parent company, said: “Our continued strong growth is based on staying close to our customers and ensuring we support them with cargo capacity when and where they most need it. In such a challenging air cargo market, it is important to earn customer trust in the quality and reliability of your service and to demonstrate the ability to provide responsive solutions – now increasingly for special cargo categories like pharmaceuticals and off-size cargo.” The new record is based on tonnage flown onboard AirBridgeCargo’s own Boeing 747 cargo fleet and on ACMI partner aircraft. 2016 has seen further expansion of the airline’s cargo network with new routes to meet the requirements of its global customers. A new Houston-Abu Dhabi operation was followed by the introduction of all-cargo services connecting ABC’s global hub in Moscow with Chongqing in China, Phnom Penh in Cambodia, Seattle in the U.S, Heathrow in the United Kingdom and, most recently, Oslo, Norway, to serve the country’s thriving market for salmon exports. In September, AirBridgeCargo took delivery of its ninth new Boeing 747-8 Freighter, taking its total fleet to 16 747Fs. This latest aircraft was the fifth new 747-8F to join the fleet of Volga-Dnepr Group since it confirmed an order with Boeing for 20 more 747-8Fs in July. Through its hub in Moscow, ABC is able to connect origin and destination points across its network serving Europe, Russia, Scandinavia, North America, the Middle East and Asia Pacific within a 48-hour cargo delivery time, including cargo handling. See other recent news regarding: AirBridgeCargo, Cargo, Freight. Subscribe to our Latest Travel News Daily Email Free of Charge by simply entering your email address to the right. You can also stay updated with our RSS Feed and even add the travel news to your website. Have questions? Please read our travel news FAQ.       Sustainable Hotels and MICE Criteo Travel Flash Report Colombian Chef in Singapore Japan Tourism Update Sabre TTX APAC 2016 Destination Spa Management CEO of Travelodge Thailand Myanmar Tourism Update Birth of Luxury Thai Hotel Brand Thai AirAsia X A330-300 PAL President & COO Thai Vietjet A320-200 Qatar Airways B787 Emirates A380 Thai Airways B777-300ER | | | | | | Tweet PAL First in World to Use Sabre AirVision Analytics Peach Aviation Orders 13 Aircraft SITA Global Services Appoints SVP Accor Completes John Paul Acquisition Capella Signs Luxury Resort in Ubud, Bali SITA Appoints VP Sales Northern Europe H135 Gets EASA Cert for Helionix Avionics Suite Gillette Sponsors British & Irish Lions SITA to Upgrade Tech at Airport in Manila AAPA Assembly of Presidents in Manila Etihad and HK Airlines Expand Codeshare Rosewood Hotel to Open in Hong Kong in 2018 China's First Park Inn by Radisson Hotel Opens HKIA Reports Pax and Cargo Growth ibis Styles Bogor Raya Opens in West Java Sean Menke Now Exec Advisor for Federal Board 595,213 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in APAC Seven Seas Voyager Completes Refurbishment Cyberbit to Protect Samsung SDS Customers Ascott's Portfolio at 52,000+ Units Air BP Expands to Indonesia with AKR JV Synergy Aerospace Orders 12 ATRs Neuroscience at Corinthia Hotel London Delta Launches Bag Tracking Updates Boeing to Consolidate Defense/Space Sites 153,206 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in EU IHG Signs 520-Room Holiday Inn in Dubai Dortmund Airport to Enhance Operations Emirates's New Gen A380s and B777s Prof Wall to Receive UNWTO Ulysses Prize SIA and Lufthansa Expand Partnership Peppers Kings Square Hotel Opens in Perth Cebu Pacific Receives 2nd ATR 72-600HC Ritz-Carlton Signs First Hotel in New Zealand Stephen Hobson to Join Mantra as CFO Fly365 Implements Travelport Technology Tourism Industry Must Fight Climate Change Jet Edge Partners Shangri-La Make Infrastructure a Priority says IATA Smiths Detection's Aviation Insider Paolo Collavini Joins Tivano as Chef LDS Launches Drone-Based Detection Mexico's Aeromar Orders 8 ATR Aircraft Asia's First Crest Collection Property Cebu Pacific's Net Income Doubles Etihad to Develop A380 MRO Services Exec Appointments at JLL Hotels APAC Solomon Islands and Kiribati Sign ASA Royal Air Maroc Tests Baggage Robot Elbit's New Anti-Drone Protection System ABC Airlines Reports 13th Year of Growth Ascott Signs Eight New Serviced Residences Elbit Systems CVS Receives Certification Emirates Moves to All A380 and B777 Fleet Vietjet Launches Bangkok - Hai Phong Korean Air Volunteers Help Residents of Chiang Dao Peter Seah to Succeed Stephen Lee as Chairman of SIA HK Airlines Launches Daily Auckland Flights Boeing Names New President of Defense and Space Devel. MMA: Eduard Folayang Becomes World Champion Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH KSL to Acquire Outrigger Hotels SIA Delays S'pore-Jakarta-Sydney Swiss-Belexpress Opens in Kuta, Bali Air Astana Takes Delivery of A320neo Amadeus Launches cytric Travel & Expense in Asia Chatrium Hotel Royal Lake Yangon Appoints DOSM ATR at UN Climate Change Conference COP22 Anantara to Take Over Luxury Resort in Portugal JW Marriott and DJI Launch Drone Experience Program 956m Tourists in First Nine Months of 2016 Hong Kong Donates Rugby Kit to Fiji ANZ Signs 8-Year APU Deal with Honeywell PNG Air Orders Five ATR 72-600s One Championship Appoints President Japan YYC Calgary Airport Enhances Travel Experience LG G5 Rollout of Android 7.0 Nougat Huawei Launches Mate 9 Smartphone Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand Resumes Executive Appointments at CWT AirAsia Launches 'Fly Smarter' Campaign in AU Solomon Islands Reports Rise in Arrivals Bombardier Global 7000 (FTV1) Takes Off Portman Ritz-Carlton Shanghai Appoints GM Major Network Expansion for Air Seychelles Spa & Wellness at Nanuku Auberge Fiji Pictures of Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, Thailand Finnair to Launch Flights to Astana Luxury Helicopter Adventures of Bhutan Show More Travel News SHTM's MicroMasters in Hospitality Management Concur Analyses Airbnb Booking Trends Global Air Freight Demand Rises 6.1% Turkish Adds Magic to Inflight Safety Video HG Travel Rebrands as Asia DMC Singapore Airlines Reports H1 Results Delta to Launch New Premium Economy Guggenheim Presents New Art from China Japan to Enhance Border Security Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong Rebrands Putrajaya to Host Powerman Duathlon Donghai Airlines Orders Five B787-9s Qatar Launches B787 Flights to Clark, Phils Etihad's New Business Class Amenity Kits Delta Air Lines Partners Airbnb Hahn Air Appoints Vice President TMC Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Finalists Garuda Reports Q3 Net Income of US$19.6m Boeing Business Jets Unveils BBJ MAX 7 Airbus Reports New ACJ320neo Order Vietjet Launches Hanoi - Taipei and Hanoi - Hue Wyndham Opens Two Hotels on Jeju Island British & Irish Lions Unveil New Jersey AirBridgeCargo Adds Heathrow to Network Finnair Partners Chef Eero Vottonen HIA in Doha Takes Delivery of New Audis Concur Appoints Mike Eberhard as President Captain Paul Morell to Retire from American Qatar Launches A350 Flights to London Honeywell's Business Aviation Outlook Asia Aviation Capital Appoints CCO England Wins Bid to Host 2021 Rugby League World Cup Qatar Launches Transit Visa Scheme Etihad Receives CASA Approval in Australia Spirit AeroSystems Extends GKN Deals Special Deals and Promotions - New! Japan's GOPPAR Hits ¥12,512 in 2015 Sabre Launches AirVision Revenue Optimizer Zetta Jet to Expand Fleet with Four C650s BA and QR Expand Codeshare Network More Efficient Air Cargo Facilitation Hyatt to Launch New Loyalty Programme Qatar Increases Flights to Saudi Arabia RevPAR Growth for Hotels in Mexico ATR to Exhibit at Zhuhai Airshow Ritz-Carlton Beijing Appoints GM Delta Now Offers Wi-Fi on Long-Haul Fleet Croatia Joins Sustainable Tourism Observatories Private Island in Fiji Appoints Exec Chef Onyx Signs Three Amari Hotels in Laos Finnair to Suspend Helsinki - Chongqing APAC Airlines Carried 23.5m Int Pax in Sept Skylens Wearable HUD on ATR-72/42 MHG Opens Mountain Resort in Oman Q3 RevPAR Increase for Hotels in Canada Tony Fernandes Named CEO of Year UPS Orders 14 Boeing 747-8 Freighters ATR Launches Cadet Pilot Program Sleep with Six Senses The Strand Yangon to Reopen 15 November Travel News Asia - Latest Headlines Travel News Asia - HD Videos / Interviews Travel News Asia - Podcasts of Interviews Travel News Asia - High-Res Picture Galleries Travel News Asia - Subscribe to Email Travel News Asia - Twitter Travel News Asia - YouTube Travel News Asia - Archives Travel News Asia - Home Page Premium Domain Names for Sale Show Less Travel News | | | | | | Tweet Latest Travel News PAL First to Use Sabre AirVision Analytics Peach Aviation Orders 13 Airbus Aircraft SITA Global Services Appoints SVP Accor Completes John Paul Acquisition Capella Signs Luxury Resort in Ubud, Bali SITA Appoints VP Sales Northern Europe H135 Gets EASA Cert for Helionix Avionics Gillette Sponsors British & Irish Lions SITA to Upgrade Tech at Airport in Manila AAPA Assembly of Presidents in Manila Etihad and HK Airlines Expand Codeshare Rosewood Hotel to Open in HK in 2018 China's First Park Inn by Radisson Opens HKIA Reports Pax and Cargo Growth ibis Styles Bogor Raya Opens in West Java Sean Menke Now Exec Advisor for Fed Board 595,213 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in AP Seven Seas Voyager Completes Refurbishment Cyberbit to Protect Samsung SDS Customers Ascott's Portfolio at 52,000+ Units Air BP Expands to Indonesia with AKR JV Synergy Aerospace Orders 12 ATRs Neuroscience at Corinthia Hotel London Delta Launches Bag Tracking Updates Boeing to Consolidate Defense/Space Sites 153,206 Hotel Rooms Under Contract in EU IHG Signs 520-Room Holiday Inn in Dubai Dortmund Airport to Enhance Operations Emirates's New Gen A380s and B777s Prof Wall to Receive UNWTO Ulysses Prize SIA and Lufthansa Expand Partnership Peppers Kings Square Hotel Opens in Perth Cebu Pacific Receives 2nd ATR 72-600HC Ritz-Carlton Signs First Hotel in New Zealand Stephen Hobson to Join Mantra as CFO Fly365 Implements Travelport Technology Tourism Industry Must Fight Climate Change Jet Edge Partners Shangri-La Make Infrastructure a Priority says IATA Smiths Detection's Aviation Insider Paolo Collavini Joins Tivano as Chef LDS Launches Drone-Based Detection Mexico's Aeromar Orders 8 ATR Aircraft Asia's First Crest Collection Property Cebu Pacific's Net Income Doubles Etihad to Develop A380 MRO Services Exec Appointments at JLL Hotels APAC Solomon Islands and Kiribati Sign ASA Royal Air Maroc Tests Baggage Robot Elbit's New Anti-Drone Protection System ABC Airlines Reports 13th Year of Growth Ascott Signs Eight New Serviced Residences Elbit Systems CVS Receives Certification Emirates Moves to All A380 and B777 Fleet Vietjet Launches Bangkok - Hai Phong Korean Air Volunteers Help Residents of Chiang Dao Peter Seah to Succeed Stephen Lee as Chairman of SIA HK Airlines Launches Daily Auckland Flights Boeing Names New President of Defense and Space Devel. MMA: Eduard Folayang Becomes World Champion Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH KSL to Acquire Outrigger Hotels SIA Delays S'pore-Jakarta-Sydney Swiss-Belexpress Opens in Kuta, Bali Air Astana Takes Delivery of A320neo Amadeus Launches cytric Travel & Expense in Asia New DOSM at Chatrium Hotel Royal Lake Yangon ATR at UN Climate Change Conference Anantara to Take Over Resort in Portugal JW Marriott and DJI Launch Drone Experience Program 956m Tourists in First Nine Months of 2016 Hong Kong Donates Rugby Kit to Fiji ANZ Signs 8-Year APU Deal with Honeywell PNG Air Orders Five ATR 72-600s One Championship's New President of Japan YYC Calgary Airport Enhances Travel Experience LG G5 Rollout of Android 7.0 Nougat Huawei Launches Mate 9 Smartphone Aviation: Strong Passenger Demand Executive Appointments at CWT AirAsia Launches 'Fly Smarter' Campaign Increase in Arrivals for Solomon Islands Bombardier Global 7000 (FTV1) Takes Off Portman Ritz-Carlton Shanghai Appoints GM Major Expansion for Air Seychelles Spa & Wellness at Nanuku Auberge Fiji Finnair to Launch Flights to Astana Luxury Helicopter Adventures of Bhutan SHTM's MicroMasters in Hospitality Mgmt Concur Analyses Airbnb Booking Trends Global Air Freight Demand Rises 6.1% Turkish Adds Magic to Inflight Safety Video HG Travel Rebrands as Asia DMC Singapore Airlines Reports H1 Results Delta to Launch New Premium Economy Guggenheim Presents New Art from China Japan to Enhance Border Security Cosmopolitan Hotel in Hong Kong Rebrands Putrajaya to Host Powerman Duathlon Donghai Airlines Orders Five B787-9s Qatar Launches B787 Flights to Clark, Phils Etihad's New Business Class Amenity Kits Delta Air Lines Partners Airbnb Hahn Air Appoints Vice President TMC Air Canada enRoute Film Festival Finalists Garuda Reports Q3 Income of US$19.6m Boeing Business Jets Unveils BBJ MAX 7 Airbus Reports New ACJ320neo Order Special Deals and Promotions - New! Vietjet Launches HAN - Taipei and Hue Flights Wyndham Opens Two Hotels on Jeju Island British & Irish Lions Unveil New Jersey AirBridgeCargo Adds Heathrow to Network Rice Cutting Ceremony in Ku Ka Sing, TH Colombian Chef in Singapore HD Video Interview & Podcast HD Videos from Travel Technology Exchange HD Videos from JATA Tourism Expo 2016 Pictures from 2016 Hong Kong Sevens Videos from ASEAN Tourism Forum 2016 Philippine Airlines HD Video Interview with President & COO HD Videos and Interviews Podcasts from HD Video Interviews High-Res Picture Galleries Special Deals and Promotions - Direct Travel News Asia - Home Page Advertising Advertising Advertise Here Share This Page | | | Tweet Latest HD Videos Advertising Latest Picture Galleries Other Topics Book Reviews Cambodia Diving in Asia Domain Names for Sale Foreign Currency Dubai Hong Kong Hong Kong Sevens Indonesia Japan Kan Tiang Beach Lanta Latest Travel News Media Services National Holidays Philippines Picture Galleries Pimalai Divers - Lanta Podcasts - New Singapore Thailand Travel Awards - Vote! Travel News Archives Travel Technology Travel Tips Travel Trade Rates Travel Trade Shows Videos - HD Vietnam Contact Details | Privacy | About Us | ASIA Travel Tips.com Copyright © 1997-2016 ASIATravelTips.com / TravelNewsAsia.com Copyright © 1997-2016 ASIATravelTips.com/TravelNewsAsia.com
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content ATWOnline Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Subscribe Renew Newsletters About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Aircraft & Engines Airframes Avionics Components Engines Leasing Manufacturers Materials Airports & Routes Air Traffic Management Open Skies Cabin Interiors & Connectivity IFE Data & Financials 2016 World Airline Report Aircraft Orders & Deliveries Airline Financials Airline Traffic Airports Airshows Orders Fuel Costs Regulatory Data Operations & Technology Aeropolitics Airlines Eco-Aviation IT & Distribution Labor MRO People Safety Training Technology Resources ATW Plus Webinars Advertisement Home > Data & Financials > Airline Financials > Brazil’s GOL reverses losses with $20 million net profit in 3Q Brazil’s GOL reverses losses with $20 million net profit in 3Q Nov 16, 2016 Mark Nensel EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 GOL Boeing 737-800 Rob Finlayson Related Media ATW News Gallery: This Week in Aviation-Nov. 14-18 Advertisement São Paulo-based low-cost carrier (LCC) GOL posted a third-quarter net profit of BRL65.9 million ($20.4 million), reversing a BRL2.1 billion net loss in 3Q 2015. GOL said the result reflects operational improvement at the company as well as the Brazilian real’s appreciation during the quarter. GOL’s third-quarter operating revenue was BRL2.4 billion, down 3.5% year-over-year (YOY), which the LCC attributed to lower demand reflecting Brazil’s struggling economy. Operating expenses for the quarter fell 12.6% to BRL2.2 billion. GOL’s 3Q operating result was BRL232.6 million, a 25-fold increase over the airline’s BRL8.9 million operating result in the year-ago quarter. GOL’s 3Q operating margin was 9.7%, a 9.3 point rise YOY, attributable to “capacity management, which drove an increase in yield, stronger currency and cost control,” the company said. As passenger traffic fell 5.3% YOY to 9.2 billion RPKs, GOL reduced its capacity 6.7% during the quarter, to 11.5 billion ASKs.  Total load factor for the quarter was 79.8%, up 1.2 points. International traffic dropped 21.1%, as international capacity was reduced 21.4%; domestic traffic was down as well, dipping 2.9%, and domestic capacity was reduced 4.3%. GOL’s 3Q yield increased 1.5% to BRL 22.89 cents as RASK grew 3.3% to BRL 20.88 cents. CASK fell 6.4% to BRL 18.84 cents. CASK excluding fuel fell 3.1% to BRL 13.04 cents. GOL’s fuel expenses during the quarter declined 18.8% YOY to BRL668.1 million. GOL reduced its operational fleet by four during the quarter for a total of 135 Boeing 737-NG aircraft. The company said it was operating 116 aircraft on its routes as of Sept. 30. Eleven of the remaining 19 aircraft were in the process of being returned to lessors; the other eight aircraft were being sub-leased to other airlines. GOL has 120 firm orders booked with Boeing for fleet renewal completion by 2027.  The company expects to receive its next 737 in July 2018. During the fourth quarter, GOL will return 13 additional aircraft to lessors, taking the fleet to 122 aircraft by year-end. Seat capacity will be reduced by 17% during the quarter, the airline said. “[It was] a good performance in the third quarter, due to the lower industry capacity, the stronger Brazilian currency, and fuel savings,” GOL CEO Paulo Kakinoff said. “The key milestones … include traffic of growth of 10% over [the second quarter] to 8 million passengers, a load factor increase of 1.2 points to 8%, an average fare increase of 15.8% year-over-year, and 61% versus the 2Q16. And finally, a unit cost reduction of 6.4% versus 3Q15. Excluding fuel, [unit costs] fell by 3.1%.” “In terms of outlook, I think this is a time to be cautious. The success of our efforts is driving forward bookings, higher load factors and is supporting improved yields … it is a little too early to tell if we will maintain the improvements in yield, mainly from February 2017 onwards,” Kakinoff said. “We are anticipating better fourth-quarter margins and profit, and also better cash flows, but we need to factor these softer trends into our future plans. So, for now, our 4Q16 plans are unchanged, but we will continue to look carefully and evaluate our 2017 plans. We are planning for rising costs in 2017, and that is due to higher jet fuel prices and labor rates,” Kakinoff said. “We expect better profits, cash flow and returns in 2017, despite the competitive environment,” he added. Mark Nensel mark.nensel@penton.com Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Financial Roundup: World Airlines’ 3Q and 9M results   GOL falls to 3Q loss on dollar appreciation, rising costs   AirBaltic reverses losses in 3Q   AirAsia X reports 3Q net loss on capacity surge   Atlas Air Worldwide posts $8 million 3Q net loss Blogs & Commentary Nov 20, 2016 blog Asia-Pacific airline CEOs have talent Former IATA director general Tony Tyler liked to say that airline CEOs give their commitment to the global association, but their hearts to their regional associations. Nowhere is that more apparent than at the annual meeting of the Association of Asia Pacific Airlines (AAPA), which was held in Manila last week and displayed the region’s airline executive talent in more ways than one....More Nov 18, 2016 blog Astonishing market cap figures show airline industry’s dramatic change In 2011, the highest equity value of any airline in the world was the forming LATAM at $12 billion. Now it is Delta at $35 billion....More View More Opinions Advertisement ATW On-Location Nov 20, 2016 Article Asia-Pacific carriers seek more consistent government oversight Government barriers that threaten airline profitability and growth potential is a key concern among Asia-Pacific airline executives, particularly duplicative and unfair regulatory oversight trends....More Nov 19, 2016 Article ATW Plus Despite SIA pressure, Airbus could delay A350 stretch decision   Singapore Airlines is pushing for a stretched version of the Airbus A350 to be launched, but the manufacturer is not yet convinced the time is right....More Nov 18, 2016 Article Malaysia Airlines to reconfigure A380s for Hajj flights Malaysia Airlines has confirmed plans to reconfigure and reassign its six Airbus A380s to a new carrier unit dedicated to transporting Hajj pilgrimage passengers....More Click here to read event news from ATW On-Location Advertisement Visit the ATW Store ATW Plus ATW Magazine Products ATW World Airline Report Calendars   More   Connect With Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Advertisement ATWOnline.com News Aircraft & Engines Aeropolitics Operations Airports & Routes Data & Research Resources Site Features Subscribe Renew Newsletters RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site ATW Store Penton Corporate Privacy Policy Terms of Service About Us Advertise Contact Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube Linkedin RSS Search ATWOnline.com Search: PISCES Aviation Week Network AC-U-KWIK Air Charter Guide Aircraft Bluebook Aviation Week SpeedNews Airportdata.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton
    The Newspaper of Trucking and Freight Transportation Welcome  Guest  Log In          Home News & Analysis Special Coverage Top Stories Latest News Government News iTECH E&MU TT Archives Fuel Prices Top 100 / Top 50 Top 100 For-Hire Annual rankings provide an indispensable overview of the largest for-hire carriers in the United States and Canada, along with timely analysis of trends shaping the industry. Top 100 Private Beverage and food service fleets dominate the top spots in this comprehensive rundown of private carriers in the United States and Canada, ranked by number of tractors. Top 50 Global Freight Key data on revenue and freight assets for the 50 largest global freight carriers. Top 50 Logistics A unique ranking of the third-party logistics companies in North America includes listings of the largest freight brokerage firms, freight forwarders, warehouse operators and dedicated contract carriage service providers. Top 100 / Top 50 Top 100 For-hire Top 100 Private Top 50 Global Freight Top 50 Logistics Resources Special Reports Buyer's Guide TT Education Directory ATA Home ATA Business Solutions State Trucking Associations US Government Sites State Government Sites Interact Submit Letter to the Editor Submit Photos Submit a Press Release Tell Us How We're Doing Contact Us Classified Jobs Equipment Directories Marketplace Place an Ad Multimedia Crossword Puzzle LiveOnWeb Webinars Sponsor a Webinar Videos Events Subscribe 11/16/2016 9:50:00 AM Write a Letter to the Editor UPS to Begin Holiday Cargo Shipments Out of San Bernardino International Airport Tweet  Print This   Luke Sharrett/Bloomberg News UPS Inc. announced Nov. 15 it will begin seasonal cargo operations out of San Bernardino International Airport for the month of December. UPS, which has not operated from San Bernardino International Airport in the past, said it will run four flights a week that month using Boeing 757s from San Bernardino to UPS’s Worldport air hub in Louisville, Kentucky. UPS ranks No. 1 on the Transport Topics Top 100 list of the largest U.S. and Canadian for-hire carriers. Tom Cuce, president of UPS’s Southern California District, said in a statement the holidays mark the busiest time of the year for UPS, “and with a huge spike in holiday shipments, we need additional capacity to deliver for our customers.” UPS officials said they expect to deliver more than 700 million packages globally between Thanksgiving and Christmas Eve, a 14% increase over the same period last year. “UPS is a major employer in the region. With state-of-the-art facilities, availability of specialized cargo equipment and attractive cost structure, SBD is well-positioned to support UPS’s air cargo needs at the SBD International Airport,” Carey Davis, mayor of San Bernardino and president of the San Bernardino International Airport Authority, said in a statement. In recent years, SBD officials say the facility has made key investments to support air cargo activities. SBD Aviation Director Mark Gibbs said the airport has a large warehouse where goods can be unloaded from a plane into trucks very quickly. “We have invested in the infrastructure to support permanent cargo carriers, so those logistics companies will determine what best suits their network, and we’re here to support that growth,” Gibbs said by phone. “We do have the equipment, and we have the facilities, both of which we’ve invested in to make it easy for them. It can be difficult to find a place that has excess capacity, facilities and equipment.” 1 2 Next >> By Neil Nisperos Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, Calif.)   Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC. Follow Transport Topics on RSS Twitter Facebook © 2016, Transport Topics, American Trucking Associations Inc. Reproduction, redistribution, display or rebroadcast by any means without written permission is prohibited.   RELATED ARTICLES UPS to Get $27 Million in Incentives for New Atlanta Hub (11/18/2016 10:00:00 AM) Shipping Companies Expect Holiday Package Volume to Skyrocket (11/16/2016 10:35:00 AM) UPS Airline Mechanics Heat Up Talks With Strike Authorization (11/14/2016 3:00:00 PM) Analysis: The Trouble With Donald Trump's Infrastructure Plan (11/14/2016 1:00:00 PM) UPS to Spend $196 Million on Florida Facility (11/14/2016 9:00:00 AM) UPS to Build New Atlanta Hub, Creating 1,250 Jobs by End of 2018 (11/10/2016 3:30:00 PM)  < More Related Articles...   LATEST NEWS Dollars and Data Streamlining Tolls & Weigh Stations Targeting Tire Pressure Great Dane Announces New California Dealership Facility Ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach Escalate Clean Air Plan Amazon Opens Pennsylvania Fulfillment Center   More Latest News...   LATEST JOBS Powered By: Follow Us Subscribe Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Newsletters TTExpress This free daily newsletter delivers the latest headlines. TT Executive Suite This subscriber-only newsletter program tailors your news. Services Subscribe Renew Group Subscriptions Buy a Digital Copy Customer Service Archives Staff Contact Us Advertising Print Classified Digital Media Reprints Buyer's Guide © American Trucking Associations, Inc., All Rights Reserved TTNews.com Privacy Statement
The Spokesman-Review Menu Log in Register Obits E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review Home News Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Blogs Classifieds LocalRegionalIdahoNation/WorldVoices Business Health Elections Today's News Archives E-Edition Data Projects Local Guides Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Births Announcements Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Sitemap » OpinionLetters Features HomeFoodHealthBoomer U Spokane7.com Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Local area guides Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Sports HomeSportslink Blog High School Sports Outdoors EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Basketball WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire Blog Home Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Weddings Birthdays/Anniversaries GoShopping FEATURED » Reader photos S-R Podcast Gonzaga basketball WSU football Menu Search Contact Contact Sun., Nov. 20, 2016 41˚ Outdoors In this file photo, a sign in Peoples’ Park overlooking the Spokane River warns visitors to watch for possible sewage overflows during rain and snowmelts. (Colin Mulvany / The Spokesman-Review) WEDNESDAY, NOV. 16, 2016, 9:36 A.M. EPA approves parts of Washington clean-water plan By Phuong Le Associated Press Twitter Facebook Email Reddit SEATTLE – The Environmental Protection Agency on Tuesday finalized water-quality rules for Washington state tied partly to how much fish people eat, approving some aspects of the state’s plan but deciding in many cases to set stricter limits than the state had wanted. The action comes years after contentious debate over the issue of how clean the state’s rivers and bays need to be so people can safely eat fish from those waters. Businesses and local governments have argued that too strict rules could cost billions with little benefit to the environment, while Native American tribes and environmental groups said tougher rules are needed to reduce water pollution and protect those who eat fish. The EPA said the combination of its own federal rules and parts of the state’s plan will protect residents who eat fish and shellfish from exposure to toxic pollutants. Maia Bellon, director of the state Department of Ecology, said she’s disappointed the “state’s approach wasn’t accepted in its entirety.” The state worked hard to balance protecting human health and the environment while helping businesses and local governments comply, she said in a statement. The EPA agreed with Washington state on several key factors used to regulate water quality, including dramatically raising the fish-consumption rate to 175 grams a day, which would protect people who eat about a serving of fish a day. But it did not approve the state’s plan for three major chemicals including PCBs, arsenic and mercury. Factories, wastewater plants and other point-source polluters are not the source of these chemicals, and the EPA’s rule is “asking for big investments from the wrong people,” said Rob Duff, a senior policy adviser with the governor’s office. In the case of PCBs, the EPA rule is 25 times more stringent than what the state had proposed, Ecology officials said. Boeing, industry groups and cities and counties had argued against the EPA’s limits for PCBs and mercury would be costly and difficult to meet. Boeing declined Tuesday to comment on the decision. Chris Wilke, executive director of Puget Soundkeeper Alliance, said the EPA got it right. “The state had kicked the can on mercury and PCBs, and EPA today said that we have to move forward with stronger regulations on those two,” he said. “The main points that we were pushing on, we’re happy with the results.” But Carl Schroeder with the Association of Washington Cities said he’s unsure how hundreds of wastewater plants will be able to comply with some of the new regulations, because no current technology exists, for example, to meet the standards for PCBs. Both the EPA and the state had each been working on parallel versions of the rules after the federal government last year stepped in to ensure that Washington did a rule in time. The state submitted its plan to the EPA for approval in August. The EPA was under a court order to finalize a plan by Tuesday, after environmental groups sued to force quicker action. On Tuesday, the EPA approved nearly one-quarter of the pollution standards the state adopted and finalized its own updates for the remaining three-quarters. The Northwest Pulp & Paper Association said it was “extremely disappointed” in EPA’s final rule. The rule fails to incorporate the input of private businesses and public agencies and “sets up a system for failure, litigation and permitting uncertainty,” the group said in a statement. But Lorraine Loomis, who leads the Northwest Indian Fisheries Commission, praised the EPA for its leadership for finalizing “more protective water quality standards for everyone who lives here.” “Strong water quality standards are important because they help protect us from toxins in our water that end up in the fish and shellfish we eat,” she said in a statement. Published: Nov. 16, 2016, 9:36 a.m.  Tags: Environmental Protection Agency, EPA, fish, fish consumption, health, outdoors, pollution Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Unlimited Digital Access Print edition home delivery Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2016, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Close Sections Home News Local News Regional News Idaho News Nation/World Business Community Voices Opinion Opinion Letters Features Features Home  Food Health Boomer U Spokane 7 Entertainment Calendar On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Movie Showtimes Contests Sports Sports Home  Outdoors Sportslink Blog Gonzaga Basketball High School Sports WSU Cougar Basketball EWU Eagles Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire GU Board EWU Eagles Football WSU Cougar Football Spokane Indians Blogs Blogs Home  Clarksville Editor's notes Extra Credit Eye On Boise Getting There Huckleberries Online On Tap Outdoors blog Photo blog Sirens & Gavels Spin Control Spokane 7 Spokane Valley SportsLink The Slice The Tech Deck Too Many Cooks Classifieds Obituaries Classifieds Homes Jobs Autos Weddings GoShopping E-Edition Sitemap Profile Log in Create account Customer Service Close Contact the Spokesman Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 Back to Spokesman Mobile
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Football Boys Soccer Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Tennis Girls Golf Girls Swimming Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Field Hockey Boys Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Equestrian Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Girls Soccer Boys Swimming Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Boys Rugby Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating My Recipe Box Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Weddings Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu News Videos Sports Videos High School Sports Videos Entertainment Videos Ann Arbor Videos Bay City Videos Detroit Videos Flint Videos Grand Rapids Videos Jackson Videos Kalamazoo Videos Lansing Videos Muskegon Videos Saginaw Videos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments U-M student government rejects resolution to divest from Israel um The University of Michigan's Central Student Government voted down a resolution on Tuesday, Nov. 15, urging the university to divest in Israeli companies that allegedly commit human rights violations against Palestinians. MLive file photo Print Email Martin Slagter | mslagter@mlive.com By Martin Slagter | mslagter@mlive.com The Ann Arbor News Email the author on November 16, 2016 at 11:59 AM, updated November 16, 2016 at 12:02 PM comments ANN ARBOR, MI - After long, contentious discussions on Tuesday, Nov. 15, the University of Michigan's Central Student Government once again voted down a resolution to urge the university to divest in some companies doing business with Israel. The resolution, voted down 34-13 with three abstentions, called on CSG to request the U-M Board of Regents establish an ad-hoc committee to assess university investments in companies that conduct business with Israel. Arguments both in favor and against the resolution were heard by numerous members of CSG and the audience over the four-hour meeting, which was attended by around 400 students, CSG Communications Director Joe Shea said. The meeting also was viewed by hundreds more via a Facebook Live stream provided by The Michigan Daily. Brought to the assembly by the student organization Students Allied for Freedom and Equality (SAFE), the resolution included companies like Boeing, Group4Securicor, Hewlett-Packard and United Technologies. SAFE previously brought similar resolutions before CSG during the 2013-14 and 2014-15 school years. SAFE's resolution claimed those companies, which were on U-M's Directly Held Public Equities report in June 2015, "supply weapons and equipment used in Israel's illegal occupation of Palestinian territories and in violation of international human rights law." "As our University remains invested in these companies, we as students are complicit in the perpetuation of these human rights violations. SAFE calls upon the University of Michigan student body to reflect and learn more about the current situation," SAFE's website #UMDivest stated. Prior to the vote, a petition by the governing board of University of Michigan Hillel urged CSG members to vote against the resolution, claiming that a vote to divest from Israel would contradict the university's Diversity, Equity and Inclusion plan. "We stand in solidarity with all people who are victims of hate both on campus and afar. We assert that we value the safety and well-being of both Palestinians and Israelis," the petition read. "As students who support the state of Israel, we want CSG to know that this resolution does not represent us, nor the values of our Michigan community. It demonizes Israel while marginalizing the pro-Israel community on campus. This resolution assigns absolute blame to only one side of a complicated conflict. Both the Palestinian and Israeli narratives have value - only one is presented in this resolution." U-M officially divested resources on two occasions in its history -- from South Africa in 1978, and in 2000, when it divested from the tobacco industry. In 2015, U-M CSG approved a resolution to create an ad hoc committee to investigate endowment investments in the fossil fuel industry. "This is a resolution that is hugely impactful for the Jewish community and the diverse pro-Israel community," said CSG representative Eli Schrayer, who voted against the resolution. "To comment on this 14 years of (the resolution) being shot down; it's been shot down continually because there's a majority in this community and school that believe the way we're going to get to peace is not in divestment." CSG member Sheema Rehman spoke out in favor of the resolution as a way of protecting Palestinian students on campus while promoting difficult but worthwhile dialogue going forward. "The fact we have a lot of people here today says that a lot of students care about this issue," she said. "Bringing it to the Board of Regents, we're essential legitimizing that this is a concern on our campus from both sides. At the end of the day in Central Student Government, it is our responsibility to listen to students. "By allowing this conversation to continue on the next level, you allow for the potential of creating a better solution for all," she added. U-M history professor Victor Lieberman, who authored "The Hundred-Year Struggle for Israel and Palestine: An Analytic History and Reader" spoke out against the resolution, claiming it didn't meet the three conditions for divestment outlined by U-M's Chief Financial Officer. Those conditions are: The entity singled out for divestment must be uniquely responsible for the problem; the behavior warranting divestment must violate moral and ethical norms upheld by UM; and support for divestment must express the broadly and consistently held position of the campus community. "By singling out only Israel for condemnation, this resolution abandons any pretense of impartial, universal standards," he said during an impassioned 30-minute presentation to CSG. "It targets only one country – Israel – as a violator of international norms, when in fact, among states facing serious security threats, Israel is one of the most restrained, democratic and responsible actors." Most Read Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Active Discussions Get the latest updates Subscribe to our newsletters Like MLive on Facebook Follow MLive on Twitter About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Site Map Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Reuters BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 U.S. manufacturing groups urge Trump to think hard about trade threats Reuters Nov. 15, 2016, 7:40 PM 525 facebook linkedin twitter email print U.S. President-elect Donald Trump gives a thumbs up sign as he walks with Senate Majority Leader McConnell on Capitol Hill in Washington Thomson Reuters By David Lawder WASHINGTON (Reuters) - America's manufacturers are urging President-elect Donald Trump to back off from his most threatening trade rhetoric and pursue a more nuanced approach to trade with China and Mexico, avoiding unilateral tariff actions and focusing on negotiations. Corporate lobbying groups, some chief executives and pro-trade lawmakers also say they eventually even hope to persuade Trump that free-trade agreements can help grow the U.S. economy and create jobs. For now, these groups are bracing for higher trade tensions with China and potential changes to the 22-year-old North American Free Trade agreement with Canada and Mexico. Trump has said he would quit NAFTA unless it is renegotiated to his satisfaction and that he would declare China a currency manipulator to force negotiations for better trade terms. His suggestions that his administration could impose 45 percent across-the-board tariffs on goods from China have drawn threats of retaliation by Chinese state media against U.S. soybeans and companies such as Boeing Co and Apple Inc . "I think it's easy to paint this is a trade war versus nothing," said Scott Paul, president of the Alliance for American Manufacturing, a group representing steel and other basic industries that has argued in favor of tougher trade remedies to combat Chinese imports. "I'm of the belief that there is a lot of space between our current policy and an all-out trade war," Paul said, adding that he would like to see Trump be more proactive on enforcing existing trade rules. While U.S. steelmakers have been successful in anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases against Chinese competitors that have led to substantial U.S. duties, consumer products makers often are reluctant to pursue such cases due to the cost, complexity and potential retaliation. The Commerce Department under the Trump administration could launch more of investigations on its own of targeted U.S. industries, Paul said. Paul and Business Roundtable President John Engler, who represents chief executive officers of the largest U.S. companies, said they would like to see Trump take steps to boost U.S. growth by reforming taxes and embark on a negotiating effort similar to that of Ronald Reagan in the 1980s to stem the tide of imports. The 1985 Plaza Accord brought down the highflying dollar's value against currencies from Japan, Germany and other major trading partners, helping to quell protectionist sentiment in Congress and encouraging foreign producers to build more factories in the United States. In renegotiating NAFTA, manufacturing groups had a clear message to the Trump team: first, do no harm to American exports. "There are 2 million manufacturing jobs in this country that are dependent on our trade relationship with Canada and Mexico," said Linda Dempsey, vice president of international affairs for the National Association of Manufacturers. "And so as we go forward, we certainly don't want to put those jobs in jeopardy." Ford Motor Co CEO Mark Fields said on Tuesday that the automaker would proceed with plans to shift production of its Focus small car to Mexico, a move that drew fire from Trump during the campaign. "We've laid out our corporate strategy based on the trade agreements," Fields told CNBC, adding that a 35 percent tariff on imports from Mexico would hurt the entire U.S. auto industry. "Obviously Congress and the president could always look at everything, but they have to keep in mind both the production and the supply chains are deeply integrated into the three countries and that integration also supports a lot of American jobs," Fields said. In a message to employees after Trump's victory last week, General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt said: "We believe in the importance of globalization and investment." (Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2016. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House Fight for Syria's Aleppo exposes limits of Russian air power European privacy regulators to scrutinize WhatsApp privacy switch Transplant recipients who resume smoking have shorter survival More: Reuters facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru U.S. manufacturing groups urge Trump to think hard about trade threats U.S. manufacturing groups urge Trump to think hard about trade threats By David LawderWASHINGTON (Reuters) - America's... Recommended For You Featured 4 steps towards faster, smarter factories More "Digital Industry Insider" » Brothers share what it was like quitting their corporate jobs to sell ties on the beach and cofound Vineyard Vines, a company worth nearly $1 billion More "Transformations" » Get Reuters Emails & Alerts Sign-Up Learn More » More Featured Business Insider Select Tech Select Tech Chart Of The Day Markets Chart Of The Day 10 Things Before the Opening Bell Instant MBA Business Insider Events BI Intelligence Daily Digital Industry Insider Finance Markets Select Your Money Select Smart Investor Finance Insider Strategy Strategy Select Advertising Select Retail Select Careers Select 10 Things You Need To Know In Advertising Politics Politics Select Military Select Life Life Select Education Select Entertainment Select Breaking News Tech Enterprise Select Science Select Mobile Chart Of The Day E-Commerce Chart Of The Day Payments Chart Of The Day Digital Media Chart Of The Day IoT Chart of the Day Fintech Briefing Charts of the Day Sports Chart Of The Day Top 10 Things 10 Things In Tech You Need To Know Closing Bell Sports Sports Research from BI Intelligence The Internet of Everything The Future of Financial Services Digital Media Ad Revenue: The path to $100 billion The Future of Retail Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2016 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR
null
Home Weather 60° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Report: These big U.S. businesses offer no paid family leave, or keep it secret Ashley May , USA TODAY , KHOU 9:05 AM. CST November 16, 2016 Some of America's biggest businesses offer no leave for fathers or adoptive parents, according to PL+US. (Photo: File) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST More than half of America's 60 biggest employers offer no paid family leave or will not disclose family leave policy, according to a study released Wednesday by Paid Leave for the United States(PL+US). PL+US confirmed paid leave policies at 29 of the companies it surveyed. Other companies would not make policies available, according to the report. (Note: During the study conducted June through October, HP acquired Electronic Data Systems and Marriott International acquired Starwood Hotels.) Eight companies, Boeing, FedEx, Honeywell International, HP, Infosys Limited, Marriott International, TJX and Walgreens, specifically wrote to PL+US to decline sharing leave information. "A part of this work is our call for transparency," executive director Katie Bethell told USA TODAY. The new non-profit reached out to each of the 60 companies using a minimum of four email addresses found online, as well as follow-up phone calls to company headquarters, according to Bethell. What surprised researchers? "Not having leave for adoptive parents just blew my mind," Bethell said. Out of the 29 confirmed company policies, PL+US found 22 offer unequal leave — meaning, fathers receive less time than mothers and/or adoptive parents receive less time than birth parents. AT&T, CVS, General Motors, Ford, Starbucks, Supervalu and Verizon offer no paternity leave. Millennial fathers want to take a more active role in their children's lives, but Bethel said current leave policies "hang dads out to dry" and deny them "the opportunity to be the dads they want to be." Trends like this have "far-reaching implications for LGBTQ parents as well," the PL+US study states. Which companies came out on top? Deloitte, Bank of America, and Ernst & Youngprovide 16 weeks of fully paid parental leave for mothers, fathers, and adoptive parents, according to the study. "Even companies that may have maternity and paternity leave policies often only offer that to the highest paid employees," Bethell said. As cited in the study, Walmart provides paid leave only to salaried employees, not hourly. View the full list of companies PL+US studied at  paidleave.us/topcompanies In the U.S., the Family Medical Leave Act, gives 12 weeks job-protected unpaid leave, but many workers don't qualify for that. Unlike nearly all countries around the world, the U.S. also offers no paid leave for parents, as visible in a map by World Policy Center. New Zealand, France, Spain and Russia are among countries to offer at least 14 weeks of maternity leave paid in full. CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Texas State football team bus crashes Raw video: Anti-Trump protesters arrested in Houston VIRAL VIDEO: Teacher yanks mic from autistic boy 50 children adopted in Harris County days before Thanksgiving Sabra recalls hummus due to listeria concerns More Stories 115 killed after train derails in north India Nov 20, 2016, 7:23 a.m. Woman killed in single vehicle accident in east Houston Nov 20, 2016, 8:09 a.m. Chicago Police arrest 2 in fatal shooting of… Nov 20, 2016, 8:30 a.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Election 2016 Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Animals Food CBS TV Shows City Pros More... Sandwich Generation Movie Minute Tech-Gaming More Features Rodeo Houston Obituaries Life in Balance Buffalo Bayou Park Day For Night Great Day Houston Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer © 2016 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS cars.com Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         CBSNews.com - Breaking News Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Photos More Blogs Battleground The WH Web Shows 60 Overtime Face to Face Resources Mobile Radio Local In Depth CBS News Store CBS News November 16, 2016, 9:44 AM American Airlines passengers sue over plane catching fire in Chicago In this image capture provided by a passenger, fellow passengers walk away from a burning American Airlines jet that aborted takeoff and caught fire on the runway at Chicago’s O’Hare International Airport on Oct. 28, 2016. Instagram user @c1arkkent Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email MIAMI -- A group of American Airlines passengers sued the company after their plane caught fire right before it took off from Chicago to Miami, CBS Miami station WFOR-TV reports. Play Video CBS Evening News American Airlines jet evacuated in Chicago after fire An American Airlines plane bound for Miami never made it off the ground in Chicago. With passengers and crew on board, the plane caught fire on a... “People were terrified. People were climbing over seats. People were just trying to get out because they were afraid that this thing could blow before they could make it out of there,” said attorney Alexandra Wisner, who is representing 18 passengers. The group isn’t only suing American Airlines but has also included Boeing, which built the plane, and General Electric, the manufacturer of the plane’s engine, in its lawsuit. But it’s the allegations against American that have some in the airline industry paying attention. Wisner said her clients described chaos when the fire started. Some passengers said there wasn’t enough instruction from flight attendants. They also said not all of the emergency evacuation slides were deployed and when one was deployed it was at an angle that had to be straightened out. “They just weren’t given direction on how to handle it, how to get out, instruction,” Wisner said. “And because of that, it resulted in even more stress on them, even more trauma, psychological, specifically, because they were so terrified of whether or not they were going to make it out in time.” Wisner said warning passengers about sitting in an exit row in case of an emergency is not enough to get airlines out of liability. “The air carrier cannot shift the responsibility onto the passenger by saying that well you’re sitting next to an emergency exit door, now it’s on you,” Wisner said. “No, it’s still on the air carrier to make sure that in the event of an emergency that everyone safely and orderly exits the aircraft.” American Airlines released a statement, which said: “We’re proud of our pilots, flight attendants and other team members who responded quickly to take care of our customers under very challenging circumstances. American is actively participating in the National Transportation Safety Board’s investigation.” The lawsuit was filed in Illinois, which does not require the passengers to list how much money they’re asking for. Wisner said although there were no serious physical injuries, mentally her clients will suffer for a long time. “When you speak to these people you can see it still affects them,” Wisner said. “They’re crying. They’re noticeably upset. They’re still reliving it. It’s not over yet for them by any means.” © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in U.S. 60 Minutes interview: President-elect Donald Trump What can we expect from a Trump presidency? 60 Minutes' Lesley Stahl finds some of his campaign issues were not meant to be taken literally, but as opening bids for negotiation Hate, harassment incidents spike since Trump election Southern Poverty Law Center reports hundreds of cases of hateful harassment or intimidation since Election Day Popular From 60 Minutes Stahl: Trump is "more subdued, more serious" President-elect Trump's business plans Donald Trump's message to protesters Donald Trump's first interview on 60 Minutes Magnus Carlsen defends his title as chess champion Play Video The Giving Kitchen: How a restaurant nourishes the soul Play Video Mother Noella, the "Cheese Nun" Play Video The sparkling Christie Brinkley Play Video Bite at the museum Play Video Mike Pence on "Hamilton" cast: "I wasn't offended" Previous Next 33 Photos "Fantastic Beasts" star Eddie Redmayne 150 Photos Notable deaths in 2016 22 Photos Anti-Trump protests enter second week 24 Photos President Obama's final tour of Europe 34 Photos Supermoon rising Previous Next Most Discussed Donald Trump demands apology from "very rude" "Hamilton" cast Trump transition: "stalled...scrambling...on pause" Mike Pence revamps Trump's transition team, purging lobbyists Trump offers Jeff Sessions attorney general post Trump team seeks top secret security clearances for Trump children New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2016 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Skip to content Military Technologies pr @ satprnews.com WxOps Inc. Announces the First Successful Flight Test of OpsTablet® EFB software, an Integrated Tablet and Mobility Suite Designed for Use by Commercial Airline Pilots, Dispatchers, Cabin Crews and Line Maintenance Personnel ASHEVILLE, N.C., Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ — Currently undergoing live trials, OpsTablet® and other components of Hawaiian’s EFB “e-Flie” program are expected to be operationally approved in mid-2017. Photo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161115/439912  Logo – http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161115/439911LOGO During October 2016, initial installations and flight tests were successfully performed on several Hawaiian Airlines Boeing B767 and Airbus A330 wide body aircraft. Initial testing assessed software performance, human factors, data currency, cellular and satellite connectivity, bandwidth stability and data transfer speed. During one particular flight, over 65 Mbyte of data was successfully transferred bi-directionally between ground and aircraft.  The tests yielded positive results in each tested data category. Test Categories included: Dispatch to Aircraft (DA) – Transfer and analysis of operational information including flight manuals, ground operational data, flight data and graphical weather products. Ongoing testing addresses security, encryption, data compression, optimization and metering. Aircraft to Dispatch (AD) – Transfer and analysis of aircraft derived data and manual messaging with attachments. Ongoing testing addresses transfer of ARINC 429, 717 and other data via the AID server to ground. Primary/Secondary Server (PSS) – Redundant EFB servers, data feeds and databases provide failover and backup capability, with dedicated secure servers in Honolulu and San Antonio. Mark Spence, WxOps Inc.CEO comments on the findings:  “The system worked pretty well. It demonstrated that delivery of secure and higher bandwidth operational data to and from aircraft is feasible. Taking a deeper dive into both the e-Flie “use case” and the overall EFB “business case” allowed Hawaiian to identify returns beyond what just the removal of paper manuals provided. Ongoing research and development also indicates that airline training, situational awareness and tactical decision making could be improved in other areas through the use of timely more accurate aircraft data, including ground operations, crew scheduling, aircraft maintenance.” About WxOps® 28 Schenck Pkwy Ste 200 Asheville, NC 28803 1-(866) 300-2395 www.wxops.com WxOps® was founded in 2010 to develop and commercialize Command, Control, Communications & Computer (C4) systems for use by Government and Industry. WxOps® also provides data products and services to transportation and logistics companies. WxOps holds several patents and patents pending for products in the areas of Geospatial, C4 and logistics tracking, and Clear Air Turbulence. Other WxOps apps include: OpsDocs™ A Mobile Content Management (MCM) system used for delivery, remote management and viewing  of flight plan and other operational information, weather and current Flight Operations Manuals. WorldWindEarth (WWE) is a 4D C4 geobrowser providing a Common Operating Environment (COE) to users for the display of AOC and flight related data. WxOps is developing WWE from NASA WorldWind open source under SBIR contract with NASA Ames Research Center (ARC). Mobile & Text Mark D. Spence, CEO at (808) 779-5096, 133711@email4pr.com  Albert Peterlin, COO at (717) 623-6534, 133711@email4pr.com  Dr. Scott T. Shipley, CIO at (571) 309-6024, 133711@email4pr.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wxops-inc-announces-the-first-successful-flight-test-of-opstablet-efb-software-an-integrated-tablet-and-mobility-suite-designed-for-use-by-commercial-airline-pilots-dispatchers-cabin-crews-and-line-maintenance-personnel-300363960.html SOURCE WxOps Inc. Related Links http://www.wxops.com Author Anna ChmielewskaPosted on November 16, 2016November 16, 2016Categories Uncategorized Post navigation Previous Previous post: Benchmark International Facilitates the Merge of Computer RX and RX30 Next Next post: The 6th Annual Zeitgeist Media Festival: Landmark Multimedia Arts-Activist Festival Featuring Live Music, Comedy, Short Films, Interactive-Live Art, Exhibits, and Activist Community Search for: Search Recent Posts Syria: Senior UN relief officials 'appalled' by escalation of fighting; call for unconditional humanitarian access Top Five Best Golf Balls Buyers Guide Advances Review List Released Unbiased Inbox Blueprint 2.0 Review Causes Worldwide Discussion, as Exclusive Bonus Introduced by Steve Baker Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor: Transgender Day of Remembrance Cultural exchange becomes spotlight on 3rd WIC Archives November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 Categories Space Flight Uncategorized Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Partners TS2 Space Space Flights .news Military Technologies Proudly powered by WordPress
International Business Times UK News LATEST NEWS UK Crime World Latest News Africa Asia Pacific Middle East The Americas Europe Business LATEST NEWS Economy Companies Markets Finance Regulation Fintech Latest news Blockchain Cryptocurrency Politics LATEST NEWS Technology LATEST NEWS Smartphones Cybersecurity Innovation Social Media Games Motoring Science LATEST NEWS Space Environment Health Nature Archaeology Sport LATEST NEWS Football Tennis Golf Cricket Entertainment LATEST NEWS Movies Celebrity TV Music Culture Royalty Opinion LATEST NEWS Interview Feature Reviews Analysis Video LATEST NEWS Business Technology Science Sport Entertainment Log out Newsletter Signup Search Technology Innovation NASA Son of Concorde? Richard Branson's supersonic jet could race from London to NYC in 3.5 hours The XB-1, co-produced with Boom Technology, is due to fly at a speed of Mach2.2 in test flights next year. By Mary-Ann Russon November 16, 2016 14:03 GMT Sir Richard Branson is excited about Boom Technology's supersonic jet demonstrator XB-1, which will aim to prove that supersonic commercial flights are 'viable, affordable and safe'Boom Technology Billionaire Sir Richard Branson and supersonic aircraft start-up Boom Technology have unveiled a prototype demonstrator aircraft to test out new technologies in order to prove that super-fast 3.5-hour commercial flights from London to New York are feasible. Virgin Galactic's aircraft-manufacturing division the Spaceship Company is keen to launch a new generation of supersonic passenger jets to revive the glorious heyday of the iconic Concorde – albeit without the problems it encountered, such as being a money drain, making too much noise, producing harmful carbon emissions and grave concerns about passenger safety after a horrendous crash in 2000. Colorado-based Boom, made up of veterans from Boeing, Space X and Nasa, is keen to demonstrate the safety and reliability of the XB-1 with a prototype that is a third the size of what the eventual commercial aircraft would be. London to New York in 3.5 hours The term 'supersonic' refers to aircraft that can travel at the speed of sound – 1,225 km/h, also known as 'Mach number', up to Mach 5 (6,126 km/h). In comparison, commercial airliners today fly at subsonic speeds of less than 980km/h. Boom's XB-1 is designed to fly at a speed of Mach 2.2 (2,333km/hr), which is 2.6 times faster than Concorde, and has a range of 16,700km. The demonstrator is only big enough to carry two crew members plus an optional test flight engineers, but the full-scale aircraft would carry 55 passengers plus six crew members. The first test flights will begin in late 2017, with the XB-1 demonstrator taking off at subsonic speeds from Denver airspace and then switch to supersonic speeds once it gets to the testing zone near the Edwards Air Force Base in southern California. Boom hopes to commercialise supersonic jets by 2023. "I have long been passionate about aerospace innovation and the development of high-speed commercial flights," says Sir Richard Branson, founder of Virgin Group. "As an innovator in the space, Virgin Galactic's decision to work with Boom was an easy one. We're excited to have an option on Boom's first 10 air frames. Through Virgin Galactic's manufacturing arm, the Spaceship Company, we will provide engineering and manufacturing services, along with flight-test support and operations as part of our shared ambitions." The last Concorde flight from New York to London touching down at Heathrow Airport on 24 October 2003Reuters Will consumers really want to pay for supersonic flights? It's great that such a serious aerospace investor is keen to bring back supersonic flights for consumers, but analysts have concerns that commercial supersonic flights won't do that well because they simply cost so much. Boom and Branson seem to think that $5,000 (£4,026) for a transatlantic return flight is pretty reasonable though, and Virgin has signed a letter of intent to purchase 10 supersonic aircraft from Boom for $2bn. Analysts have concerns that supersonic aircraft are incredibly expensive to run. Because consumers want to pay bottom dollar to travel, the real money in supersonic would likely be to transport business people on smaller private jets carrying a maximum of 12 people, because such enterprises have a much bigger budget and don't mind flying key executives at a much higher price if it can get them to places a lot faster to suit their business needs. However, Boom's CEO Blake Scholl, a pilot and former Amazon executive, believes that it could charge business-class ticket prices because the aircraft features a more aerodynamic design made from a carbon-fibre composite material that is much lighter than the materials used to make the Concorde. "I don't know a single person who wouldn't want to get there in half the time, rather than have some free champagne," Scholl told the Guardian. "It won't be a bucket-list purchase any more. There is a huge market, and the margins are enormous." Read more about supersonic technologies on IBTimes UK: Richard Branson's Virgin has picked Boom to provide supersonic jets – this is a huge risk Super-fast flights: Are supersonic jets commercially viable? HTT vs Hyperloop One: What are the differences between futuristic high speed train technologies? Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close EmDrive: What is it and how could it change the world? Columnists Philip Davies MP “International Men's Day: Some issues affect men more than women - why is that hard to accept? READ MORE IBT Media to host AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event AI and Data Science in Capital Markets event takes place on 1 and 2 March 2017 at the Barbican. Mark Zuckerberg explains how Facebook plans to tackle fake news amid growing backlash 'The bottom line is: we take misinformation seriously,' Zuckerberg said. Blizzard cancels Overwatch's graphic novel 'First Strike' Lead writer Michael Chu said the team decided to 'take the story in a different direction'. 3 million low-cost Android phones found with secret rootkit, vulnerable to remote hijack attacks This is the second time in the span of a week that security researchers have sounded an alarm about Android phones with... Video game news round-up: Legend of Zelda delay, Sombra arrives in Overwatch and Super Mario Run Your guide to the week's biggest video game news stories. Three Mobile confirms personal data of over 133,000 customers compromised in massive breach The company said no financial information was accessed in the breach. Trump's pick for CIA director views encryption 'a red flag' and wanted Snowden executed US Congressman Mike Pompeo has accepted the offer to head the CIA under Trump's presidency. Facebook authorises $6bn stock buyback amid fake news debacle The social media giant's accounting chief Jas Athwal will leave the firm after 9 years of service. US government 'deeply concerned' about Russia's decision to block access to LinkedIn The US says the decision could set 'a troubling precedent' to shut down any site containing Russian user data. Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2016 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska WxOps Inc. Announces the First Successful Flight Test of OpsTablet® EFB software, an Integrated Tablet and Mobility Suite Designed for Use by Commercial Airline Pilots, Dispatchers, Cabin Crews and Line Maintenance Personnel News provided by WxOps Inc. Nov 16, 2016, 08:40 ET Share this article ASHEVILLE, N.C., Nov. 16, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- Currently undergoing live trials, OpsTablet® and other components of Hawaiian's EFB "e-Flie" program are expected to be operationally approved in mid-2017. Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161115/439912  Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20161115/439911LOGO Going Mobile During October 2016, initial installations and flight tests were successfully performed on several Hawaiian Airlines Boeing B767 and Airbus A330 wide body aircraft. Initial testing assessed software performance, human factors, data currency, cellular and satellite connectivity, bandwidth stability and data transfer speed. During one particular flight, over 65 Mbyte of data was successfully transferred bi-directionally between ground and aircraft.  The tests yielded positive results in each tested data category. Test Categories included: Dispatch to Aircraft (DA) – Transfer and analysis of operational information including flight manuals, ground operational data, flight data and graphical weather products. Ongoing testing addresses security, encryption, data compression, optimization and metering. Aircraft to Dispatch (AD) – Transfer and analysis of aircraft derived data and manual messaging with attachments. Ongoing testing addresses transfer of ARINC 429, 717 and other data via the AID server to ground. Primary/Secondary Server (PSS) – Redundant EFB servers, data feeds and databases provide failover and backup capability, with dedicated secure servers in Honolulu and San Antonio. Mark Spence, WxOps Inc.CEO comments on the findings:  "The system worked pretty well. It demonstrated that delivery of secure and higher bandwidth operational data to and from aircraft is feasible. Taking a deeper dive into both the e-Flie "use case" and the overall EFB "business case" allowed Hawaiian to identify returns beyond what just the removal of paper manuals provided. Ongoing research and development also indicates that airline training, situational awareness and tactical decision making could be improved in other areas through the use of timely more accurate aircraft data, including ground operations, crew scheduling, aircraft maintenance." About WxOps® 28 Schenck Pkwy Ste 200 Asheville, NC 28803 1-(866) 300-2395 www.wxops.com WxOps® was founded in 2010 to develop and commercialize Command, Control, Communications & Computer (C4) systems for use by Government and Industry. WxOps® also provides data products and services to transportation and logistics companies. WxOps holds several patents and patents pending for products in the areas of Geospatial, C4 and logistics tracking, and Clear Air Turbulence. Other WxOps apps include: OpsDocs™ A Mobile Content Management (MCM) system used for delivery, remote management and viewing  of flight plan and other operational information, weather and current Flight Operations Manuals. WorldWindEarth (WWE) is a 4D C4 geobrowser providing a Common Operating Environment (COE) to users for the display of AOC and flight related data. WxOps is developing WWE from NASA WorldWind open source under SBIR contract with NASA Ames Research Center (ARC). Mobile & Text Mark D. Spence, CEO at (808) 779-5096, 133711@email4pr.com  Albert Peterlin, COO at (717) 623-6534, 133711@email4pr.com  Dr. Scott T. Shipley, CIO at (571) 309-6024, 133711@email4pr.com  To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/wxops-inc-announces-the-first-successful-flight-test-of-opstablet-efb-software-an-integrated-tablet-and-mobility-suite-designed-for-use-by-commercial-airline-pilots-dispatchers-cabin-crews-and-line-maintenance-personnel-300363960.html SOURCE WxOps Inc. Related Links http://www.wxops.com Jan 23, 2015, 08:35 ET Preview: Hawaiian Airlines Connects! My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: WxOps Inc. Announces the First Successful Flight Test of OpsTablet® EFB software, an Integrated Tablet and Mobility Suite Designed for Use by Commercial Airline Pilots, Dispatchers, Cabin Crews and Line Maintenance Personnel News provided by WxOps Inc. Nov 16, 2016, 08:40 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Mail Finance Home Yahoo Originals Personal Finance Tech Market Data Industry News My Screeners U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,181.90 -5.22 (-0.24%) Dow 30 18,867.93 -35.89 (-0.19%) Boeing to cut 500 jobs in defense and space unit ReutersNovember 16, 2016 Reblog Share Tweet Share Boeing facilities are seen in Los Angeles, California, U.S. April 22, 2016. REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson/File PhotoMore (This November 15 story was refiled to correct spelling of "charges" in paragraph 5) (Reuters) - Boeing Co <BA.N>, the world's biggest planemaker, said on Tuesday that it would cut 500 jobs over four years and shut two plants as it revamps its defense and space unit. The company, which is shutting plants in El Paso, Texas and Newington, Virginia, said some jobs in Huntington Beach plant would move to El Segundo, Long Beach, and Seal Beach in Southern California. Boeing also said many positions in Kent, Washington will move to nearby Tukwila. The company said about 1,600 positions will move to Los Angeles County, California; 500 to St. Louis, Missouri and about 400 to Huntsville, Alabama as part of the consolidation. (http://bit.ly/2fuDKh2) The charges related to job cuts and the consolidation were not material, a Boeing spokesman told Reuters. The company also said it would create a new global operations group that would include its defense units in Australia, Saudi Arabia, and UK. The unit will he headed by David Pitchforth, managing director of the company's UK defense unit. Boeing's defense, space and security business, which had about 48,000 employees as of Oct. 27, accounted for 31.4 percent of the company's total revenue of $23.9 billion in the latest quarter. (Reporting by Ankit Ajmera and Arunima Banerjee in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Boeing’s 10 Largest Customers 247wallst.com The numbers look great — as they always do before a crash Yahoo Finance The bullish earnings story underlying the stock market may be a big lie Yahoo Finance This will be the slowest day of the holiday shopping season Yahoo Finance Jim Cramer Is Right About Bank of America -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool The Week Ahead: A Few Side Dishes of Earnings and Data Morningstar From biomass to nuclear: The evolution of American energy usage since 1776 Yahoo Finance Ivanka isn’t the only reason these photos of Trump meeting Abe are problematic Quartz How Much Will I Get From Social Security If I Make $50,000? Motley Fool Suddenly, Trump Has Three Middle East Crises on His Hands The Fiscal Times The Latest: Philippine leader lambastes US, others in West Associated Press Why Australian Techies Are Moving to the U.S. Bloomberg Video Why Uber is the perfect employer for my 70-year-old, hot-air balloon pilot father Yahoo Finance 3 Flaws With Donald Trump's Tax Plan Motley Fool This Map Shows Where Marijuana Is Legal Motley Fool Lockheed Loses, and Raytheon Could Gain, as Navy Disarms the USS Zumwalt Motley Fool Trump Holds Meetings With Mitt Romney, Michelle Rhee and Others Rod: Watching Liberal heads explode with every Trump pick is the most fun for many of us in years! Join the Conversation 1 / 5 445 U.S. weather satellite's launch promises 'quantum leap' in forecasts Reuters Houzz CEO: Why We're Expanding Into India Bloomberg Video All eyes on upcoming Line offering amid a dismal IPO market Yahoo Finance The Payoff: 5 things to know before buying a car Yahoo Finance Social Security Pay Schedule for 2017 Motley Fool Mike Pence: I wasn't offended by booing at 'Hamilton' Business Insider 3 Surprisingly Great Kirkland-Brand Products at Costco Kiplinger.com Facebook and Twitter Scrutinized After Election Bloomberg Video Citi analyst warns Brexit is bad news for Apple iPhone sales Yahoo Finance Elon Musk says Trump presidency won't hurt Tesla — here's why Business Insider Facebook's fake news problem in one chart Business Insider Fed's Kashkari: There's a 67% chance we'll have another financial crisis Yahoo Finance Is Valeant Pharmaceuticals the Turnaround Opportunity of a Lifetime? -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool How Indiegogo Is Opening the Door to Small Investors Bloomberg Video Record lows in US bonds are signalling a reckoning with stocks Yahoo Finance Chipotle slapped with lawsuit following calorie miscount: Report CNBC Data Disclaimer Help Suggestions
Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense Beleaguered Rolls-Royce looks to rebuild By Robert Wall Published: Nov 16, 2016 4:50 a.m. ET Share By RobertWall LONDON--After more than a year of crisis management, Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC Chief Executive Warren East said he's ready to start planning the long-term future of the British aircraft engine maker despite pressure on earnings from new accounting rules and weak demand. Rolls-Royce, a flagship of U.K. industry, has rarely been under as much strain as it is today. Authorities in the U.S. and U.K. are investigating the company for corruption. In a sweeping reorganization, Mr. East has pruned the company's executive ranks--a fifth of management posts face the ax--eliminated thousands of other jobs, and slashed the dividend after a series of profit warnings which unnerved shareholders. The CEO, who joined in mid-2015, acknowledged on Wednesday that the company has "a long way to go on improving the operational performance of the business" after change has been slower than hoped. It was time to look further ahead and define "an appropriate vision for the future" for Rolls-Royce, Mr. East said. The strategic review could lead to more changes at Rolls-Royce in 2017, though the company, which generates most of its profits from selling and servicing commercial aircraft engines for Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE, would remain a diversified engine provider, Mr. East said. Some investors have urged Rolls-Royce to focus on commercial aerospace and shed other activities, such as marine engines. Activist investor ValueAct Capital Management LP this year joined the Rolls-Royce board, though pledged not to push for strategy changes until 2018. For now, Rolls-Royce said it is on track to achieve promised yearly cost savings toward the top end of a target range of GBP150 million ($187 million) to GBP200 million from next year. But Mr. East signaled weak demand for business-jet engines, a segment where Rolls-Royce has been struggling. Sales of marine engines for vessels serving the oil and gas market would remain depressed next year too. Despite a decline in revenue and profit this year, cash flow should improve in 2017, said Chief Financial Officer David Smith. Rolls-Royce, which could burn through GBP300 million in cash this year, is targeting "something around or above break-even" for 2017, Mr. Smith said. Rolls-Royce, no longer affiliated with the luxury car maker, is also preparing investors for new accounting rules that will take effect in 2018 and alter how the company reports earnings. Rolls-Royce typically sells aircraft engines at a loss and makes up the money later on servicing them. Rolls-Royce masked the early losses by booking some of the assured services revenue early. Under new accounting rules those losses will need to be reflected immediately and services revenue can't be booked until the work takes place. The company said sales for its new engines last year would have been GBP700 million lower than reported and revenue for services to maintain those engines would have been reduced by GBP200 million. The company reported 2015 underlying revenue for new engines of GBP3.3 billion and GBP3.7 billion for services. Under the new accounting rules, called International Financial Reporting Standard 15, long-term profits would be higher. Mr. Smith said the accounting rules would weigh on earnings through 2020, with reported earnings expected to benefit from the change possibly by 2025. Write to Robert Wall at robert.wall@wsj.com More from MarketWatch The Task of Securing President-Elect Donald Trump Donald Trump and Mitt Romney Make Move to Reconcile My stepmother inherited my father’s estate when he died — I want my fair share MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
RUAG Australia selected for F-35 sustainment work by Ryan Maass Bayswater, Australia (UPI) Nov 15, 2016 Australia's Super Hornets complete first major upgrade Brisbane, Australia (UPI) Nov 15, 2016 - The Royal Australian Air Force has completed the first major upgrade for its fleet of F/A-18 Super Hornets. The upgrade coincides with the U.S. Navy's Super Hornet modernization program, and was performed by a collaborative Electronic Attack Enterprise team. The collaboration was comprised of Boeing Defense Australia, Raytheon Australia, Defence Capability Acquisition and Sustainment Group, and Australian air force personnel. Upgrades included the installation of updated navigation and GPS technologies, a distributed targeting system, and an upgraded solid state recorder for the cockpit. "The completion of Increment 1 was essentially a coming-of-age for the Super Hornet support system," program official Jason Agius said in a press release. "It was the first time we brought together every element of the support system, from program management, logistics and engineering through to training and deeper maintenance." The recent work marked the first stage of the Super Hornet Spiral Upgrade Program, which aims to produce incremental upgrades for the aircraft. The first phase was completed after 12 months of work. The F/A Super Hornet is a twin-engine multi-role fighter jet capable of deploying from an aircraft carrier. In combat, the jet is designed to use both air-to-air and air-to-surface missiles. The U.S. Navy and the Royal Australian Air Force are the primary operators of the aircraft. RUAG Australia has been contracted to perform maintenance and overhaul duties for Lockheed Martin F-35 Joint Strike Fighter aircraft. Under the contract, the company will repair and install new valves, auxiliary power systems, landing gear components, and additional supporting equipment. The contract award follows three years of discussion between Joint Strike Fighter and RUAG staff. The operations will be performed in support of the Australian Defense Force. "This assignment is a genuine reflection of the quality and skill of our people and the treasured reputation for reliable service that they have developed over many years of serving the military customer," RUAG Australia managing director said in a press release. "The Joint Strike Fighter will be the cornerstone of the Royal Australian Air Force, and a number of other air forces, for many years to come. RUAG Australia is committed to being a successful and valued member of the global team supporting the platform." Lockheed Martin and other industry partners designed the next-generation multirole fighter to replace several fighters including the F/A-18 Super Hornet and the A-10 Thunder Bolt II. Australia is one of the original nine partner countries participating in the F-35 program, alongside the United States, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway, Turkey, Canada, and Great Britain. RUAG officials add they intend to deepen their involvement with the program as it continues. "We look forward to collaborating with our chosen partners in delivering the best possible Australian contribution to the Joint Strike Fighter program, both in terms of manufacturing and deeper level repair," Teager added. "We will continue to extend and broaden our existing manufacturing contracts as well as bidding, alongside our partners, for additional Joint Strike Fighter sustainment opportunities as they emerge." Tweet Related Links Aerospace News at SpaceMart.com Subscribe free to our newsletters via your Email Address SPACE DAILY SPACE WAR TERRA DAILY ENERGY NEWS MARS DAILY GPS DAILY SEED DAILY WIND DAILY DISASTER NEWS SOLAR ENERGY MEDICAL NEWS NUCLEAR NEWS OIL & GAS NEWS BIO FUEL DAILY Buy Advertising Editorial Enquiries French court green-lights controversial Nantes airport Nantes, France (AFP) Nov 14, 2016 A court in western France cleared the way Monday for work to begin on an airport vehemently opposed by local residents and environmentalists defending precious moors and woodland. Socialist Prime Minister Manuel Valls hailed the ruling following years of legal battles and sometimes violent protests over the plan, saying it "proves once more that the project is perfectly legal and complies wi ... read more The content herein, unless otherwise known to be public domain, are Copyright 1995-2012 - Space Media Network. AFP, UPI and IANS newswire stories are copyright Agence France-Presse, United Press International and Indo-Asia News Service. ESA Portal Reports are copyright European Space Agency. All NASA sourced material is public domain. Additional copyrights may apply in whole or part to other bona fide parties. Advertising does not imply endorsement,agreement or approval of any opinions, statements or information provided by Space Media Network on any Web page published or hosted by Space Media Network. Privacy Statement
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • World •  Americas U.S. Europe U.K. Asia-Pacific India Australia Africa Middle East One News Page > World > Australia takes delivery of first P-8A anti-submarine jet Australia takes delivery of first P-8A anti-submarine jet Wednesday, 16 November 2016 (5 days ago) CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Australia’s prime minister has taken delivery of the air force’s first Boeing P-8A surveillance and anti-submarine aircraft. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says the plane that landed at the Canberra air force base on Wednesday will take a front-line role in preventing asylum seekers from reaching the Australian coast by boat. The […] » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: Storyful Studio - 5 days ago< > Embed Pizzas Delivered by Drone in 'world-First' Successful Commercial Delivery 03:56 Domino’s Pizza delivered two pizzas by drone on Wednesday, November 16, to a customer’s home in Whangaparaoa, north of Auckland in New Zealand, in what the company called the “first commercial delivery of food by drone to a customer” in the world.While Domino’s is one of the first major... Recent related news Australia vs. South Africa 2nd test scoreboardHOBART, Australia (AP) " Scoreboard Saturday at the end of Australia's first innings on the first day of the second cricket test between Australia and South... New Zealand Herald 1 week ago - Sports You Might Like Other recent news in World Death toll in northern India TRAIN DERAILMENT jumps to 63 Syria war: ALEPPO rebel attack on school kills seven children Train DERAILMENT leaves more than 100 dead in India ENGLAND's Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson ‘partied with lapdancers before Spain match’ TRAIN DERAILS in north India, killing 90 and trapping others Syrian FAMILY of six among dozens killed in Aleppo attacks UN envoy in DAMASCUS as regime pounds rebel-held Aleppo Schapelle Corby free to return to AUSTRALIA in 6 months South Korea prosecutors say PRESIDENT PARK Geun-hye was accomplice in corruption scandal ANGELA MERKEL 'to run for fourth term as German chancellor' Twitter Facebook Page People Jared Kushner Donald Trump Angela Merkel Barack Obama Mike Pence Current Topics Holy Door Washington Seek Fourth Bruno Mars Spotlight 📺 Live TV 📺 ONP TV Movie Reviews Totally Aesthetic Staff Stories The Mystery of London's KILLER FOG has just been solved MOVIE REVIEW: Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them What Next For AirBnB? Tour Guides, That's What Why You Could Soon Be Protected On The Road With a $5 Paper Helmet DOCTOR WHO: Is Season 10 The Last For Peter Capaldi? Who Will Run For President In 2020 - And Why Are So Many Looking To Hollywood? Blackberry's Last Encore.. And It's Got a Keyboard Further BREXIT Delays? Why The UK's EU Departure May Now Be Coming Even Later Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2016 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Serving Central Oregon since 1903 Sunday, November 20, 2016 Subscriber Sign In Manage Account Subscribe Toggle navigation Local/State Education Environment Bend Deschutes County Politics OSU-Cascades Elections Marijuana Business Real Estate Sports High School Ducks Beavers Golf Community Sports Outdoors Lifestyle Restaurants Drinks Food Home & Garden Family Milestones Travel Outdoors Cook Like a Chef Opinion Health Pulse Magazine Entertainment Events Music Movies GO! Arts Restaurants Drinks Books TV Obits Jobs MORE Nation Outdoors Events Classifieds Webcams Special Publications BendHomes.com Subscribe Digital Newsstand Slideshows Submit a photo Reader Comments Home Local/State Business Sports Lifestyle Entertainment Obits Jobs Events Classifieds Webcams BendHomes.com Slideshows Submit a photo Movies GO! Restaurants Editorials Letters to the Editor Endorsements Submission Policies Home Opinion Column: I’m the Trump supporter pollsters missed print Share | e-mail Facebook Tweet StumbleUpon Google Column: I’m the Trump supporter pollsters missed By Bill Duncan / Special to The Washington Post Published Nov 16, 2016 at 12:02AM I’m the guy who never answered the phone when caller ID said “Number Unavailable.” I don’t want every opinion, every perspective and every trend to be visible to those who would mold public opinion. I am suspicious that had the power brokers in Washington known what was coming, they’d have found a way to get Hillary Clinton into office. I didn’t want that. I’m fed up. Enough is enough. I want my country back. This is supposed to be a government of the people — not of the banks, lobbyists and foreign donors. I am one of an endangered species called the American middle class. An aging baby boomer — one of the last generation, it seems, who inherited a future brighter than his parents. I grew up in manufacturing in the Rust Belt, and embraced the application of new technologies for innovation. My career spans more than four decades at companies like John Deere and Boeing and Emerson Electric. I have worked in many jobs from laborer to vice president of operations. I’ve lived and worked all over the world. I am not an enthusiastic Donald Trump supporter. In fact, Trump was the very last candidate among the Republicans I wanted to see in this position. He was boorish, inarticulate and ill-informed. He has been crass, bombastic and coarse throughout the campaign, in ways that made me physically wince. How I wish we could have selected someone with Newt Gingrich’s command of the facts, Sen. Marco Rubio’s eloquence, Mike Huckabee’s character, Sen. Ted Cruz’s deep love of the Constitution, Carly Fiorina’s clarity of thought and Ben Carson’s humility and gentleness. Perhaps we’ll get some of these things in President-elect Trump’s Cabinet; I hope so. But in the meantime, I am hearing some of you pollsters lamenting that you missed me in your polling, and wondering how almost all of you got it so incredibly wrong. Astonishingly, filmmaker Michael Moore, with whom I disagree about almost everything, got it right. I am angry, and I am frustrated. Since Ronald Reagan, I have not seen a politician deliver on his or her promises to the American people; not Democrats and not Republicans. George H.W. Bush told us to read his lips, there would be no new taxes; but of course there were. President Obama promised that if you like your health care plan and doctor, you can keep your health care plan and doctor, and your costs will go down. We couldn’t, and they didn’t. He and his surrogates, including Sen. Claire McCaskill, D, here in Missouri, promised back in 2012 that there would be huge infrastructure projects, producing thousands of “shovel-ready jobs.” They never materialized. Hillary Clinton said the events in Benghazi were caused by a video. They weren’t. She also promised that she’d never handled any classified material on her private server, though she had. Election cycle after election cycle, we sent politicians to Washington to fix these things, and cycle after cycle they failed us. But you, the pollsters and the incredibly biased “mainstream” media, wouldn’t listen to me. You have been too busy promoting your own poisonous agenda. You did everything you could to brand conservatives as homophobic, xenophobic, greedy racists. You focused on spurious issues like genderless bathrooms and celebrity sex changes. You rebranded “pro-abortion” as “pro-choice.” You rebranded radical Islamic terrorism as “workplace violence.” You have continued your Machiavellian spinning of information and public perception, purposely drowning the voices of reason in your wake, year after excruciating year. America is not intolerant, it is kind and welcoming and insists only that people follow the rule of law and assimilate if they come here. America is not dull; it teems with innovation and invention and productivity at levels unmatched by anyone in the world. America is not evil; in fact, it remains — even with all its flaws — the single greatest force for good in the world, as it has since the early 1900s. I know, because I — the normal, faceless American citizen — am the heart and soul of this country. How would the person seated next to you in a New York City television studio know? Seriously, you should get out more. — Bill Duncan is a technologist and writer who lives and works in St. Louis. 15622514 View next article in Opinion     Get Central Oregon's top headlines delivered to your inbox every morning GO print version Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus This image is copyrighted. To purchase photo click here! Close window Special coverage: OSU-Cascades opens in Bend Great Outdoors: Recently submitted pics from readers Get daily headlines to your inbox GO Connect with The Bulletin Popular Comments Popular stories for Opinion Editorial: The language police stage a prison breakout 11/16/2016 Political correctness just does not get tired. A new dose comes from ... more Letter: District Attorney John Hummel explains his decision to seek death penalty 11/16/2016 People who oppose the death penalty often cite concerns about the cost, ... more Editorial: The roots of the Elliott State Forest’s problems 11/18/2016 The Elliott State Forest, located in the Oregon Coast Range northeast of ... more Editorial: Coming soon to a government near you: Trouble 11/15/2016 It’s a good bet that the next Hollywood action movie is not ... more Column: I’m the Trump supporter pollsters missed 11/16/2016 I’m the guy who never answered the phone when caller ID said ... more Recent article comments» View more comments» Comments powered by Disqus The Bulletin Contact Us Staff Directory Advertise with Us Frequently Asked Questions Privacy Policy Terms of Use Careers Connect with The Bulletin Subscriptions New Subscription Vacation Hold Back Copies Share Because You Care Newspapers In Education Subscription Rates General Account Help Our Partners Baker City Herald La Grande Observer Northeast Oregon Classifieds Union Democrat Del Norte Triplicate Curry Coastal Pilot Central Oregon Nickel Bend Homes Northwest Web Press Quick Links Digital Newsstand Special Ad Sections Restaurant Guide Obituaries TV Listings Movie Listings ODOT Web Cams Oregon Lottery Parade Magazine Submit an Event Submit a worship service Photos Submit Photos View Reader Photos View Bulletin Photos Purchase Photos Explore more of Central Oregon with a subscription to The Bulletin. Subscribe © 2016 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | webmaster@bendbulletin.com | 541-382-1811 Quick links Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Manage Account ODOT Web Cams Movie Listings Restaurant Guide Submit Photos Submit an Event © 2016 The Bulletin | A Western Communications Company | All Rights Reserved | 1777 Chandler Ave, Bend, OR 97702 | webmaster@bendbulletin.com | 541-382-1811
Latest News Dow 18,868 -35.89 -0.19% Nasdaq 5,322 -12.46 -0.23% S&P 500 2,182 -5.22 -0.24% 12:52 P.M. ET India Train Derailment Kills Dozens 12:05 P.M. ET Trump challenge: Get businesses to invest again 12:00 P.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 11:53 A.M. ET Updated Charlie Munger and Donald Trump agree in these 3 ways 11:50 A.M. ET Opinion Why Black Friday sales are not for the truly frugal 11:30 A.M. ET Updated Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing 10:55 A.M. ET Updated Will Santa Claus save the stock market’s ‘Trump rally’? 10:55 A.M. ET Updated This $4,000 robot could end your days of shoveling snow 9:54 A.M. ET Bannon: With negative interest rates around world, ‘rebuild everything’ 9:00 A.M. ET 5 big real-estate trends to watch in 2017 8:56 A.M. ET Tim Ryan to challenge Nancy Pelosi for House minority leader 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Here’s an Apple supplier whose stock may soar in 2017 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Warren Buffett loves four airline stocks, but Wall Street prefers this one 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Beleaguered bank and biotech stocks may soar as political ‘pendulum’ swings to growth 7:47 A.M. ET Updated Weekend roundup: The Trump effect by industry | Body implants to improve your senses | How to refuse holiday guests 7:46 A.M. ET Updated Bank stocks could record big gains in the months ahead if Donald Trump gets his way 5:00 A.M. ET 'League of Legends': Tencent's Game Gains 11/19 Updated How I became a cyborg and joined an underground medical movement 11/19 Updated ‘Fantastic Beasts’ will likely do more for Time Warner than bring in impressive box office 11/19 Updated Ross Stores’ ‘treasure hunt experience’ is its best weapon against Amazon Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Aerospace/Defense Rolls-Royce says on track for cost-savings target By Robert Wall Published: Nov 16, 2016 3:05 a.m. ET Share By RobertWall LONDON--British engine maker Rolls-Royce Holdings PLC said it is on track for the top end of a cost-savings target though it warned demand for ship engines would remain weak next year. The company, which repeatedly missed profit targets last year, is in the middle of restructuring its business, cutting staff, replacing much of its top management and streamlining operations to deliver GBP150 million ($187 million) to GBP200 million in savings from next year. Rolls-Royce said on Wednesday that savings would be at the top end of that range. The company, which builds aircraft engines for long-range jetliners made by Boeing Co. and Airbus Group SE, warned that market conditions remain volatile. Demand for business jet engines has weakened and sales of marine engines for vessels serving the oil and gas market would remain depressed next year. The company left unchanged its guidance for a decline in revenue and profit this year. Rolls-Royce, no longer affiliated with the luxury car maker, is preparing investors for new accounting rules that will take effect in 2018 and alter how the company reports earnings. Rolls-Royce typically sells aircraft engines at a loss and makes up the money later on servicing them. Rolls-Royce masked the early losses by booking some of the assured services revenue early. Under new accounting rules those losses will need to be reflected immediately and services revenue can't be booked until the work takes place. The company said sales for its new engines last year would have been GBP700 million lower than reported and revenue for services to maintain those engines would have been reduced by GBP200 million. The company reported 2015 underlying revenue for new engines of GBP3.3 billion and GBP3.7 billion for services. With the initial phase of the restructuring plan implemented, Chief Executive Warren East said "it is now time to look further ahead." "Together with my new team, our focus is turning towards the group's long-term goals," Mr. East said. Write to Robert Wall at robert.wall@wsj.com More from MarketWatch Why the gap between minority and white college graduates is growing These simple lifestyle changes can prevent or slow Alzheimer’s What President-elect Trump means for every U.S. industry MarketWatch Partner Center We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Luxury Real Estate Guide Buyer anonymity, while desired, can be hard to come by View More Donald Trump Insight and analysis on a Donald Trump presidency View More Real Estate 7 fancy kitchens where holiday hosting dreams come true View More Investing Opinion: A 12-step plan to strengthen your portfolio after Trump's victory View More MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2016 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Financial Post Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Midas Letter Subscribe News Transportation Transportation TrendingDonald Trump | Earnings | Real Estate | Marijuana | OPEC | Federal Reserve | Gold | Loonie Lockheed Martin CEO butters up Canada with fighter jet competition still in the air Kristine Owram | November 15, 2016 | Last Updated: Nov 16 9:37 AM ET More from Kristine Owram | @KristineOwram Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon OTTAWA — The chief executive of Lockheed Martin Corp. touted the company’s long history in Canada and its value to Canadian suppliers during a visit to Ottawa Tuesday as she embarked on a public relations tour to build support for the controversial F-35 fighter jet. After a visit to Lockheed’s plant in the Ottawa suburb of Kanata and a meeting with local high-school students, Marillyn Hewson was clearly aiming to butter up industry and government attendees in a speech to the Canadian Aerospace Summit in which she referred to the “special relationship” between Canada and the United States and called Canada one of Lockheed’s “most valued partners.” Lockheed has been trying to convince the Liberal government not to give up on the F-35 as a replacement for the military’s aging Boeing CF-18s. Related Aerospace execs gear up to pitch their planes as Liberals expected to hold competition for CF-18 replacement Liberals pay $33 million to stay in F-35 development program, despite promise not to buy the fighter jet The F-35 has been a source of controversy ever since Stephen Harper’s Conservative government chose the fighter jet in a sole-source contract, generating criticism about the lack of competition and the aircraft’s ballooning costs. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau pledged to scrap the F-35 deal during the 2015 election campaign, saying his government would hold an open competition but would not consider the Lockheed jet. It appears that Lockheed has not given up hope, however, and Hewson emphasized the importance of the F-35 to Canada’s aerospace industry and its economy. “Since the beginning of the program in 2001, more than 110 Canadian companies have contributed to the development and production of the F-35, bringing advanced technology and engineering work to Canada,” she said, adding that Lockheed employs more than 900 Canadians. “Today, Canadian-built components are on every F-35 produced. Canadian industry has been awarded over $1 billion in industrial work to date, and I’m confident the F-35 will bring significant economic benefits for decades to come.” Hewson recounted Lockheed’s 75-year history in Canada, beginning during the Second World War when it had to ship its Hudson bombers through Canada to the U.K. since the U.S. had not yet joined the war. The Canadian military also used the Hudsons during the war. “At our company, we think of the Hudson fondly, in part because it was the first of many Lockheed Martin technologies that would be operated by the Canadian military,” she said. Hewson outlined several other Lockheed products that are used by Canada, including Sikorsky helicopters, combat systems for the Royal Canadian Navy and a pilot program that supplies solar power to remote communities. She even talked about a $1.1-million investment in “smart” compression socks developed by students at the University of Waterloo. “We’re proud to be a part of Canada’s past, and we’re committed to helping this nation succeed in the future,” she said. “We look forward to continuing our strong partnership for many more years to come.” Lockheed’s main competitor for the Canadian contract, Boeing Co., will present its case at the aerospace summit Wednesday with a speech from Shelley Lavender, president of Boeing Military Aircraft. Financial Post Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Transportation, Canadian Armed Forces Activities, Government and Politics, Lockheed Martin Corporation Find a Story Stock Search News Videos FP Picks ‘You know how to fight, but do you know how to settle?’: Unifor boss proves his detractors wrong The successful deals with the Big 3 automakers were "really a do-or-die moment for the future of the industry... we actually had nothing to lose,” says Unifor's pugnacious leader Jerry Dias Terence Corcoran: Canada could be in for a lot more trade trouble under Trump than just NAFTA Once Trump the bargainer and his trade appointees start picking over Canada-U.S. trade beyond NAFTA, thorny trade issues are likely to surface How you can nab premium flights without paying through the nose “Really, who wouldn’t rather fly business class?” Here's a few tips to help you move up to the front without paying full fare CRA marks the tax trail when it comes to ski pass benefits Jamie Golombek: With flurries in the forecast for parts of Canada this week, thoughts quickly turn to outdoor recreation, with skis and snowboards soon to replace bikes and scooters Canada is naive if it thinks Donald Trump will play nice on NAFTA Joe Chidley: A leaked memo drafted by Trump’s transition team this week outlines a ‘200-day plan’ for the new administration — and Canada is firmly in the crosshairs Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2016 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Australia takes delivery of first P-8A anti-submarine jet By Associated Press Published: 23:33 EST, 15 November 2016 | Updated: 23:33 EST, 15 November 2016 e-mail CANBERRA, Australia (AP) — Australia's prime minister on Wednesday took delivery of the air force's first Boeing P-8A surveillance and anti-submarine aircraft which will take a front-line role in preventing asylum seekers from reaching the Australian coast by boat. The Royal Australian Air Force will receive 12 of the modified Boeing 737 jets by March 2020 for 5 billion Australian dollars ($3.8 billion). The plane will take over the coastal surveillance role that the Lockheed P-3 Orion has carried out since 1968. "These aircraft will be absolutely critical elements in the work of Australia's border protection forces ... ensuring that we can continue to say that it is only the Australian government that determines who comes to Australia," Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull told reporters at the Canberra air force base. Australia expects a new wave of asylum seekers to come from Indonesia by boat after a weekend announcement that the United States had agreed to resettle up to 1,600 refugees who have languished at Australia's expense for up to three years in Pacific island camps. Australia refuses to resettle any refugee who has arrived by boat since the date the tough policy was announced on July 19, 2013. Australia pays Nauru and Papua New Guinea to house boat arrivals from Africa, Middle East and Asia. No people smuggling operation has successfully delivered asylum seekers to Australia by boat since July 2014, but the navy has turned back 29 boats to Indonesia. Australia has increased air and sea surveillance between Australia and Indonesia to ensure that any new smuggling attempt was intercepted. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle heads to work on Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara  is revealed in London 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Gemma Atkinson flaunts a glimpse of thigh in maroon ensemble and over-the-knee boots as she enjoys a night on the town Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
The most read Vietnamese newspaper Follow us on                Edition: International   |   Vietnamese Home News Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video World Contact Us © Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net, All rights reserved Go The most read Vietnamese newspaper International Edition International Edition Vietnamese Edition Contact us | Follow us on        News Business Travel & Life Video World Browse all section News Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video World World Related News Kerry hopes to revive TPP trade deal . 13, 2016 Vietnam says economy will still thrive even if TPP tanks . 11, 2016 China firms eye 'Made in Vietnam' windfall - if Obama's TPP survives . 8, 2016 US manufacturing groups urge Trump to think hard about trade threats By Reuters/David Lawder  &nbspNovember 16, 2016 | 09:24 am GMT+7 President Clinton signs the North American Free Trade Agreement, December 1993. Photo by Reuters/File Photo Manufacturers believe in the importance of globalization and investment. America's manufacturers are urging President-elect Donald Trump to back off from his most threatening trade rhetoric and pursue a more nuanced approach to trade with China and Mexico, avoiding unilateral tariff actions and focusing on negotiations. Corporate lobbying groups, some chief executives and pro-trade lawmakers also say they eventually even hope to persuade Trump that free-trade agreements can help grow the U.S. economy and create jobs. For now, these groups are bracing for higher trade tensions with China and potential changes to the 22-year-old North American Free Trade agreement with Canada and Mexico. Trump has said he would quit NAFTA unless it is renegotiated to his satisfaction and that he would declare China a currency manipulator to force negotiations for better trade terms. His suggestions that his administration could impose 45 percent across-the-board tariffs on goods from China have drawn threats of retaliation by Chinese state media against U.S. soybeans and companies such as Boeing Co and Apple Inc. "I think it's easy to paint this is a trade war versus nothing," said Scott Paul, president of the Alliance for American Manufacturing, a group representing steel and other basic industries that has argued in favor of tougher trade remedies to combat Chinese imports. "I'm of the belief that there is a lot of space between our current policy and an all-out trade war," Paul said, adding that he would like to see Trump be more proactive on enforcing existing trade rules. While U.S. steelmakers have been successful in anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases against Chinese competitors that have led to substantial U.S. duties, consumer products makers often are reluctant to pursue such cases due to the cost, complexity and potential retaliation. The Commerce Department under the Trump administration could launch more of investigations on its own of targeted U.S. industries, Paul said. Paul and Business Roundtable President John Engler, who represents chief executive officers of the largest U.S. companies, said they would like to see Trump take steps to boost U.S. growth by reforming taxes and embark on a negotiating effort similar to that of Ronald Reagan in the 1980s to stem the tide of imports. The 1985 Plaza Accord brought down the highflying dollar's value against currencies from Japan, Germany and other major trading partners, helping to quell protectionist sentiment in Congress and encouraging foreign producers to build more factories in the United States. In renegotiating NAFTA, manufacturing groups had a clear message to the Trump team: first, do no harm to American exports. "There are 2 million manufacturing jobs in this country that are dependent on our trade relationship with Canada and Mexico," said Linda Dempsey, vice president of international affairs for the National Association of Manufacturers. "And so as we go forward, we certainly don't want to put those jobs in jeopardy." Ford Motor Co CEO Mark Fields said on Tuesday that the automaker would proceed with plans to shift production of its Focus small car to Mexico, a move that drew fire from Trump during the campaign. "We've laid out our corporate strategy based on the trade agreements," Fields told CNBC, adding that a 35 percent tariff on imports from Mexico would hurt the entire U.S. auto industry. "Obviously Congress and the president could always look at everything, but they have to keep in mind both the production and the supply chains are deeply integrated into the three countries and that integration also supports a lot of American jobs," Fields said. In a message to employees after Trump's victory last week, General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt said: "We believe in the importance of globalization and investment."  Related news: > Kerry hopes to revive TPP trade deal > Vietnam says economy will still thrive even if TPP tanks > China firms eye 'Made in Vietnam' windfall - if Obama's TPP survives   Follow us on Facebook   Follow us on Twitter Tags: trade deal FTA NAFTA Donald Trump Comments (0) Latest first | Highest rated Latest firstHighest rated View more Your comment 20/1000 Tắt chia sẻ Log out   Your comment 0/1000   Read more Obama embraces Merkel in Germany visit, prods Trump on Russia New York will 'protect' immigrants, mayor tells Trump Experts war over whether 'lost' Van Gogh notebook is real Climate momentum will continue: US envoy on Trump vote China says air pollution worsens in October Trump firm on agenda but says Americans have nothing to fear Recommendation Obama tells Latin America and world: give Trump time, don't assume worst 1 At least 90 killed as India train derails, more than 150 injured 2 Malaysian protesters march against Prime Minister Najib 3 Under Trump shadow, climate talks set 2018 deadline to agree rules 4 Pacific leaders urged to defend free trade after Trump win 5 Back to top Contact: Editorial News World Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Travel Food Culture & Arts Video What's On © Copyright 1997 VnExpress.net, All rights reserved   Reading: US manufacturing groups urge Trump to think hard about trade threats | Go News Business Economy Finance DataSpeaks Travel & Life Food Culture & Arts Travel What’s On Video World
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Baldwin County Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Southern Miss Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Community Photos Submit your own photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Your Videos Submit your own videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus View our Instagram Photos See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Text alerts Alabama Change Region comments Boeing jobs, fiber internet expansion and Honda anniversary top AL.com business news Print Email Kelly Poe | kpoe@al.com By Kelly Poe | kpoe@al.com AL.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on November 15, 2016 at 7:10 PM, updated November 15, 2016 at 7:11 PM comments Here are the top stories in Alabama business for Tuesday, Nov. 15, 2016: AT&T announced today "ultra-fast" fiber internet is now available in the Birmingham area. The service will cost $90 for one GB per second as a standalone service and is similar to another recently offered in Huntsville. -- Officials unveiled the AlabamaWorks program Tuesday, a one-stop web portal for job seekers, students and employers. The site consolidates information from multiple agency websites. -- Boeing announced Tuesday plans to bring about 400 jobs to Huntsville in a move celebrated by Mayor Tommy Battle as reflecting the talented high-tech workforce in the Rocket City. -- Japanese automotive giant Honda's Talladega plant began production 15 years ago this week. Read about the company's impact on the state and its workers here. -- Birmingham tech startup FreeTextbooks has "graduated" from the Innovation Depot after four years. The company has moved its headquarters into a 20,000-square-foot office and warehouse hybrid in Avondale at 3636 7th Ave. N. -- NASA brought the media to one of the rarest rocket test sites in America Tuesday to show how close it is to a big squeeze test of critical parts of the Space Launch System (SLS). -- Follow all of Alabama's business news here anytime. Business resources Read and post business press releases Sign up for free daily business news emails Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 42° F Broken Clouds Hi: 44° F Lo: 33° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 3 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Fire breaks out in Old Saybrook home Updated: 1 min ago A police officer was able to get a family out of a house fire in Old Saybrook overnight Sunday. 2 seriously hurt after tractor trailer hits car in Greenwich Updated: 23 mins ago Two people were seriously injured after their car was struck by a tractor trailer truck in Greenwich Saturday night. Police search for suspect in New Haven shooting Updated: 51 mins ago West Haven PD investigate stabbing at underage drinking party Updated: 58 mins ago Lady Gaga, Bruno Mars, Sting set for American Music Awards 11:48 am Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 42° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 36° F Wind: W 10 Humidity: 62% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 6:46 AM Sunset: 4:28 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 42° F Broken Clouds Hi: 44° F Lo: 33° F United aims at budget travelers with ‘Basic Economy’ fares By Associated Press Published: November 15, 2016, 7:14 pm Updated: November 16, 2016, 6:17 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) A United Airlines passenger plane lands at Newark Liberty International Airport Wednesday, Sept. 9, 2015, in Newark, N.J. On Tuesday, Sept. 8, 2015. (AP Photo/Mel Evans) NEW YORK (AP) — United Airlines is making a pitch to passengers at both ends of the plane — budget fliers and luxury passengers — as it attempts to boost profits. The airline announced Tuesday that it will sell lower “Basic Economy” fares that don’t let buyers pick seats ahead of time and limit them to a single carry-on bag that fits under the seat. They’ll be the last to board. The new fares will go on sale in January for flights starting after March, a spokeswoman said. United hopes the lower fares lure passengers who pick carriers like Spirit and Frontier on price. Delta Air Lines already sells a similar, stripped-down ticket for several years, and American Airlines plans to follow. Airlines don’t generally speak about pricing, but Delta’s basic economy tickets have been roughly $10 to $30 cheaper — sometimes more — than regular coach tickets on domestic flights. Meanwhile, the airline plans to begin a new service called Polaris for premium passengers on international routes next month, and may expand it to domestic flights. United said it expects those and other changes, coupled with cost controls, will increase profit by $4.8 billion between now and 2020. United Continental Holdings Inc. also said that it will postpone delivery of 61 of the 65 new Boeing 737 jets that it planned to buy and convert the orders to a new, more fuel-efficient model that Boeing calls the 737 Max. The four jets that United gets next year will be slightly larger planes than it originally ordered. The shuffle will reduce United’s capital spending through 2018 by $1.6 billion. CEO Oscar Munoz, who became CEO last year, made the comments as United executives outlined their strategy to Wall Street analysts. United Continental Holdings Inc. shares rose $3.12, or 5 percent, to $66.06 Tuesday while the broader markets edged higher. On Monday, Warren Buffett’s Berkshire Hathaway Inc. disclosed in a regulatory filing that it had bought stakes in United, American and Delta; Buffett had famously mocked airlines as a terrible investment years ago. Munoz said Berkshire Hathaway had been checking out United, so the investment was not a total surprise. “We have had some good conversations with them,” Munoz said in an interview. “It’s terrific because it gives the industry and our company the Good Housekeeping seal of approval” that should attract other investors. He declined to say if Buffett himself got involved in the discussions. Airline stocks soared in 2013 and 2014 as consolidation reduced the number of competitors. Since then, however, the stocks have fared less well because of falling fares and, especially recently, concern that fuel and labor costs are both heading higher. ___ Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts US airlines expect Thanksgiving travel to rise 2.5 percent Southwest 3Q profit falls, 4Q forecast disappoints investors New rules aim to better protect airline passengers, add industry transparency IndiGo Airlines Joins Carriers With Kid-Free Zones Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2016 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video U.S. manufacturing groups urge Trump to think hard about trade threats Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Tue Nov 15, 2016 | 9:17pm EST U.S. manufacturing groups urge Trump to think hard about trade threats U.S. President-elect Donald Trump (L) gives a thumbs up sign as he walks with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., November 10, 2016. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts By David Lawder | WASHINGTON WASHINGTON America's manufacturers are urging President-elect Donald Trump to back off from his most threatening trade rhetoric and pursue a more nuanced approach to trade with China and Mexico, avoiding unilateral tariff actions and focusing on negotiations. Corporate lobbying groups, some chief executives and pro-trade lawmakers also say they eventually even hope to persuade Trump that free-trade agreements can help grow the U.S. economy and create jobs. For now, these groups are bracing for higher trade tensions with China and potential changes to the 22-year-old North American Free Trade agreement with Canada and Mexico. Trump has said he would quit NAFTA unless it is renegotiated to his satisfaction and that he would declare China a currency manipulator to force negotiations for better trade terms. His suggestions that his administration could impose 45 percent across-the-board tariffs on goods from China have drawn threats of retaliation by Chinese state media against U.S. soybeans and companies such as Boeing Co (BA.N) and Apple Inc (AAPL.O). "I think it's easy to paint this is a trade war versus nothing," said Scott Paul, president of the Alliance for American Manufacturing, a group representing steel and other basic industries that has argued in favor of tougher trade remedies to combat Chinese imports. "I'm of the belief that there is a lot of space between our current policy and an all-out trade war," Paul said, adding that he would like to see Trump be more proactive on enforcing existing trade rules. While U.S. steelmakers have been successful in anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases against Chinese competitors that have led to substantial U.S. duties, consumer products makers often are reluctant to pursue such cases due to the cost, complexity and potential retaliation. The Commerce Department under the Trump administration could launch more of investigations on its own of targeted U.S. industries, Paul said. Paul and Business Roundtable President John Engler, who represents chief executive officers of the largest U.S. companies, said they would like to see Trump take steps to boost U.S. growth by reforming taxes and embark on a negotiating effort similar to that of Ronald Reagan in the 1980s to stem the tide of imports. The 1985 Plaza Accord brought down the highflying dollar's value against currencies from Japan, Germany and other major trading partners, helping to quell protectionist sentiment in Congress and encouraging foreign producers to build more factories in the United States. In renegotiating NAFTA, manufacturing groups had a clear message to the Trump team: first, do no harm to American exports. "There are 2 million manufacturing jobs in this country that are dependent on our trade relationship with Canada and Mexico," said Linda Dempsey, vice president of international affairs for the National Association of Manufacturers. "And so as we go forward, we certainly don't want to put those jobs in jeopardy." Ford Motor Co (F.N) CEO Mark Fields said on Tuesday that the automaker would proceed with plans to shift production of its Focus small car to Mexico, a move that drew fire from Trump during the campaign. "We've laid out our corporate strategy based on the trade agreements," Fields told CNBC, adding that a 35 percent tariff on imports from Mexico would hurt the entire U.S. auto industry. "Obviously Congress and the president could always look at everything, but they have to keep in mind both the production and the supply chains are deeply integrated into the three countries and that integration also supports a lot of American jobs," Fields said. In a message to employees after Trump's victory last week, General Electric Co (GE.N) CEO Jeff Immelt said: "We believe in the importance of globalization and investment." (Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Next In Business News Asian export nations wary dollar boost gives Trump pretext to beat them TOKYO/SEOUL Asian currency policymakers are worried that the strengthening of the dollar on expectations of U.S. President-elect Donald Trump's fiscal policies could be used by his administration as a stick to beat them with on trade protectionist grounds. Trump to be held to his word on Fed independence: Bullard BERLIN The U.S. Federal Reserve will hold U.S. President-elect Donald Trump to his word on preserving the central bank's independence, policymaker James Bullard told a German newspaper on Sunday. China pledges further opening as leaders scramble for free trade LIMA Chinese President Xi Jinping pledged to open the economy further on Saturday as leaders of Asia-Pacific countries sought new free-trade options following Donald Trump's election to U.S. president on promises to scrap or renegotiate trade deals. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Christie’s preps for fall auctions Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Snapshot of the divide: Like America, Clark County split Hike in park impact fees raises concerns One year later, camping ordinance yields little change for area’s homeless Weather Eye: Drop in temperatures seems to signal approaching holidays Public meetings for week of Nov. 20 Two arrested as drug raid targets notorious nuisance house Free barbecue satisfying Thanksgiving meal for many Herrera Beutler on Trump team: Wait and see Robber strikes bank near Vancouver Mall Press Talk: The power of the thank you Free barbecue satisfying Thanksgiving meal for many Less than two months ago, Angie Travis was living in her car in Vancouver when a woman told her there… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Mayolo, La Center hold off Mount Baker in 1A quarterfinals No. 7 Washington rolls past Arizona State, 44-18 Interceptions spark Skyview to 35-14 win over Lake Stevens   Columbia River girls win 2A soccer title in shootout Camas wins 4A state soccer championship Camas gets payback against Skyline on way to football semifinals   No. 12 Colorado beats No. 20 Washington State Oregon upsets No. 11 Utah on late TD catch Clark volleyball season ends State Football and Soccer Live Chat State Football and Soccer Live Chat In-game updates on football and soccer starts at 3 p.m. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories U.S. whiskey boom is having long legs Path to take to find a good used car Automakers poised to help electric cars rev into high gear Investors shrug off tech field diversity Crunch all data before switch to unlimited data Gearing up for holiday shopping in Clark County Tech Test: Laptops getting more in touch with users Berko: Yeses and not with a 10-foot pole on high-yield stocks Alcohol giant Constellations eyeing putting marijuana in beverages Berko: Gut says hold off on buying Subaru stock Tech Test: Laptops getting more in touch with users Can the venerable laptop keyboard get more touchy-feely — and in a good way? Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Recent Life Stories ‘Post-truth’ named as 2016 word of the year Eddie Redmayne’s big bag of acting tricks Chicago’s tricky position in pop culture Check It Out: Celebrate the ugly side of the holiday season Tinder now allows users to write in their gender identity Unwrap the best gifts for jet-setting people Sanders takes Democrats to task in book Seattle’s EMP Museum rebrands to MoPOP Somali starts club to help others into college Clark County’s three tea houses offer a warm diversion Check It Out: Celebrate the ugly side of the holiday season Just so you know, things are gonna get ugly. Christmas is about a month away, and if past Christmas celebrations… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Much to Learn after Protests Jayne: So, what really happened on Election Day? Will: Draw curtain on Democrats’ theater of pointless gestures Letter: God helps those in need Letter: Election leads to civil strife Letter: U.S. wrong on Syria Letter: Trump supporters should protest Letter: Nothing miraculous about Trump Safe energy alliance keeps Mosier explosion’s results in mind Everything’s for sale now, even the ‘truth’ Editorial Cartoons, Nov. 20-26 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Everybody has a story: Thanksgiving out in the wilderness a year to remember School donates piano to nursing care center Applause You Can Help Vancouver celebrates Miss Washington with Alicia Cooper Day Ridgefield resident places in state wool competition Students create videos about vaping Good cafeteria behavior leads to five-course meal My Fair Kitty fundraiser supports new shelter Green Meadows residents worry about annexation Art Stubbs is resigned to becoming a resident of Vancouver. But the idea still worries him. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate EPA OKs parts of state clean-water plan By PHUONG LE, Associated Press Published: November 15, 2016, 4:46 PM A   A SEATTLE — The Environmental Protection Agency on Tuesday finalized water-quality rules for Washington state tied partly to how much fish people eat, approving some aspects of the state’s plan but deciding in many cases to set stricter limits than the state had wanted. The action comes years after debate over the issue of how clean the state’s rivers and bays need to be so people can safely eat fish from those waters. Businesses and local governments have argued that too strict rules could cost billions with little benefit to the environment, while Native American tribes and environmental groups said tougher rules are needed to reduce water pollution and protect those who eat fish. The EPA said the combination of its own federal rules and parts of the state’s plan will protect residents who eat fish and shellfish from exposure to pollutants. Maia Bellon, director of the state Department of Ecology, said she’s disappointed the “state’s approach wasn’t accepted in its entirety.” The state worked hard to balance protecting human health and the environment while helping businesses and local governments comply, she said in a statement. The EPA agreed with Washington state on several key factors used to regulate water quality, including dramatically raising the fish-consumption rate to 175 grams a day, which would protect people who eat about a serving of fish a day. But it did not approve the state’s plan for three major chemicals including PCBs, arsenic and mercury. Factories, wastewater plants and other point-source polluters are not the source of these chemicals, and the EPA’s rule is “asking for big investments from the wrong people,” said Rob Duff, a senior policy adviser with the governor’s office. In the case of PCBs, the EPA rule is 25 times more stringent than what the state had proposed, Ecology officials said. Boeing, industry groups, cities and counties had argued against the EPA’s limits for PCBs and mercury would be costly and difficult to meet. Boeing declined Tuesday to comment on the decision. Chris Wilke, director of Puget Soundkeeper Alliance, said the EPA got it right. “The state had kicked the can on mercury and PCBs, and EPA today said that we have to move forward with stronger regulations on those two,” he said. “The main points that we were pushing on, we’re happy with the results.” But Carl Schroeder with the Association of Washington Cities said he’s unsure how hundreds of wastewater plants will be able to comply with some of the new regulations, because no current technology exists, for example, to meet the standards for PCBs. Both the EPA and the state had each been working on parallel versions of the rules after the federal government last year stepped in to ensure that Washington did a rule in time. The state submitted its plan to the EPA for approval in August. The EPA was under a court order to finalize a plan by Tuesday, after environmental groups sued to force quicker action. On Tuesday, the EPA approved nearly one-quarter of the pollution standards the state adopted and finalized its own updates for the remaining three-quarters. The Northwest Pulp & Paper Association said it was “extremely disappointed” in EPA’s final rule. The rule fails to incorporate the input of private businesses and public agencies and “sets up a system for failure, litigation and permitting uncertainty,” the group said in a statement. But Lorraine Loomis, who leads the Northwest Indian Fisheries Commission, praised the EPA for its leadership for finalizing “more protective water quality standards for everyone who lives here.” Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Want more local business news? Sign up for our Business Newsletter. HERE Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2016 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad U.S. manufacturing groups urge Trump to think hard about trade threats By Reuters Published: 19:46 EST, 15 November 2016 | Updated: 19:46 EST, 15 November 2016 e-mail By David Lawder WASHINGTON, Nov 15 (Reuters) - America's manufacturers are urging President-elect Donald Trump to back off from his most threatening trade rhetoric and pursue a more nuanced approach to trade with China and Mexico, avoiding unilateral tariff actions and focusing on negotiations. Corporate lobbying groups, some chief executives and pro-trade lawmakers also say they eventually even hope to persuade Trump that free-trade agreements can help grow the U.S. economy and create jobs. For now, these groups are bracing for higher trade tensions with China and potential changes to the 22-year-old North American Free Trade agreement with Canada and Mexico. Trump has said he would quit NAFTA unless it is renegotiated to his satisfaction and that he would declare China a currency manipulator to force negotiations for better trade terms. His suggestions that his administration could impose 45 percent across-the-board tariffs on goods from China have drawn threats of retaliation by Chinese state media against U.S. soybeans and companies such as Boeing Co and Apple Inc. "I think it's easy to paint this is a trade war versus nothing," said Scott Paul, president of the Alliance for American Manufacturing, a group representing steel and other basic industries that has argued in favor of tougher trade remedies to combat Chinese imports. "I'm of the belief that there is a lot of space between our current policy and an all-out trade war," Paul said, adding that he would like to see Trump be more proactive on enforcing existing trade rules. While U.S. steelmakers have been successful in anti-dumping and anti-subsidy cases against Chinese competitors that have led to substantial U.S. duties, consumer products makers often are reluctant to pursue such cases due to the cost, complexity and potential retaliation. The Commerce Department under the Trump administration could launch more of investigations on its own of targeted U.S. industries, Paul said. Paul and Business Roundtable President John Engler, who represents chief executive officers of the largest U.S. companies, said they would like to see Trump take steps to boost U.S. growth by reforming taxes and embark on a negotiating effort similar to that of Ronald Reagan in the 1980s to stem the tide of imports. The 1985 Plaza Accord brought down the highflying dollar's value against currencies from Japan, Germany and other major trading partners, helping to quell protectionist sentiment in Congress and encouraging foreign producers to build more factories in the United States. In renegotiating NAFTA, manufacturing groups had a clear message to the Trump team: first, do no harm to American exports. "There are 2 million manufacturing jobs in this country that are dependent on our trade relationship with Canada and Mexico," said Linda Dempsey, vice president of international affairs for the National Association of Manufacturers. "And so as we go forward, we certainly don't want to put those jobs in jeopardy." Ford Motor Co CEO Mark Fields said on Tuesday that the automaker would proceed with plans to shift production of its Focus small car to Mexico, a move that drew fire from Trump during the campaign. "We've laid out our corporate strategy based on the trade agreements," Fields told CNBC, adding that a 35 percent tariff on imports from Mexico would hurt the entire U.S. auto industry. "Obviously Congress and the president could always look at everything, but they have to keep in mind both the production and the supply chains are deeply integrated into the three countries and that integration also supports a lot of American jobs," Fields said. In a message to employees after Trump's victory last week, General Electric Co CEO Jeff Immelt said: "We believe in the importance of globalization and investment." (Reporting by David Lawder; Editing by Lisa Shumaker) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Shouldn't one prefer English tea, Meghan? Prince Harry's girlfriend is spotted bringing a new coffee machine on set as she returns to work on TV show Suits 'She needs hot milk and a sleeping tablet!' Little Mix fans mock 'hungover' Jesy Nelson as she struggles to cut BREAD on TV show... overshadowing the return of her engagement ring  The grand night out! Jeremy Clarkson, Richard Hammond and James May celebrate with friends and family following their Amazon Prime debut 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Kardashian Red hot! Sizzling Lauryn Goodman shows off her pert posterior in a skimpy bikini as she makes a splash in Mykonos Bikini body Love Island's Olivia Buckland puts on an extremely leggy display in thigh-high boots to launch new fashion line Entrpreneur Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Faced tough times Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London Chic figure in a cobalt blue sleeveless jumpsuit which clung to her slender frame. 'Wow look at that a**e': Katie Price takes to Instagram to document her bum lift and flaunt her perky results Showing off In knead of a hug? Great British Bake Off champ Candice Brown pouts as she watches tennis match with hunky boyfriend Liam Macaulay TOWIE's Gemma Collins flaunts her curves wearing figure-hugging ripped jeans out and about in Essex as fans comment on her slimmer appearance Using more than just a filter? Geordie Shore's Vicky Pattison looks flawless in Instagram snap... but unedited pictures tells a different story I'm A Celeb star Scarlett Moffatt confesses she once shredded an ex-boyfriend's clothes after he started seeing another woman Feisty Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Claudia Winkleman appears in high spirits as she sports a chic navy coat in Blackpool...despite enjoying late night after-party with her Strictly co-host 'How vain!' Simon Cowell is slammed on Twitter after pausing critique to demand big screen close-up during live X Factor broadcast Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Laura Whitmore puts on a VERY leggy display in a slashed pink satin gown as she attends Global Gift Gala  Braving the rain and wind 'You are kidding me!' I'm A Celebrity's Martin Roberts emits high-pitched scream as he is locked in a snake-filled coffin of water Scary stuff Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event Turns heads Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  The X Factor's Samantha Lavery finds herself flung off a mechanical bull during London club performance Game for a laugh 'I adore him': Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'such a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  Danielle Bux shows some skin in flowing off-the-shoulder print dress as she cheers on daughter Ella, 14, during tennis practice in Los Angeles Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia at Moana screening I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  On your bike! Big Brother's Lisa Appleton proudly parades her ample assets as she strips down to her bra for a cycle and al fresco lunch in Spain 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga by posting a topless snap of them embracing Forget the traditional birthday card!  'Is he allowed to get away with homophobia just because he's Peter Kay?' Comedian splits opinion as he jokes with Judge Rinder on Strictly... while others praise his 'hilarious' skit Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight Caught on tape 'They're like a pair of love-struck teenagers': James McAvoy 'embarks on romance with N Might Shyamalan's assistant Lisa Liberati'... months after split from wife Anne-Marie Duff 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Sweet Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Taking fatherhood in his stride Action! Dapper James Nesbitt is surrounded by riot police on set of the second series of Stan Lee's Lucky Man His own best advertisement! Cody Simpson steps out in LA showing off his edgy style in a personalised monogrammed silk jacket  Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to Louis Walsh joking she's had a boob job It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot California chilling Thistle cheer her up! Charlotte Crosby flaunts her toned pins in thigh-skimming floral bardot dress as she enjoys night out in Manchester 'Thank you for all your love and support': Jemma Lucy 'confirms' she's in a relationship with Charlotte Dawson... but is it just a joke? After a late night tweet Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Is this the most annoying audience EVER? Strictly fans blast spectators on the dancing show for CLAPPING too loudly 'One word, three syllables - fab-u-lous!': Danny Mac scores first 40 of the season with his flawless Charleston as Strictly hits the glitzy Blackpool ballroom 'You can't spoil your kids': Mel B reveals she's a strict parent, and expects her children to work for their pocket money Still have a great lifestyle 'They've spoken about babies': Mother of Scarlett Moffatt's boyfriend Luke Crodden reveals the pair are thinking about 'settling down' after jungle stint Andrew Lloyd Webber and his wife Madeleine Gurdon look in good spirits as they arrive in Barbados for sun-soaked holiday Double trouble! The final four X Factor contestants will duet with James Arthur, Charli XCX, Jess Mauboy and Robbie Williams as they fight for a victory in the grand finale Honeymoon's over! Scarlett Moffatt left in tears after newbies Danny Baker and Martin argue over task, bringing first friction to I'm A Celeb jungle Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Famous curves 'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Enviable physique 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie 2/3s of Charlie's Angels  A whole lotta cash! The Police 'offered over £7.3million to reunite with Sting' to headline Desert Trip festival in 2017 Next Oldchella? Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA Itty-bitty teeny-weeny New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Autumnal look 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Everyone say 'Aahh' Spa-mazing! Carol Vorderman shows off incredible figure in a VERY low cut slinky swimsuit as she indulges in some I'm A Celebrity pampering  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls Bust a move! Roxy Jacenko's daughter Pixie Curtis, 5, steps out at the Sydney premiere of Trolls... and is seen breaking it down inside to a Justin Timberlake song 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean girl 'Why him, not me? I wish I could change places with him': Chef Jean-Christophe Novelli tells of the pain of his 10-week-old son's cancer battle  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  What a catch! Bikini-clad Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip away with friends to the tropical Bahamas Claws out Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  Spotted in Hollywood Great Balls of fire! Could the incrEDible happen? Ed lights up Blackpool during Strictly live performance as even Craig Revel Horwood says he could reach final  Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Out and about Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopper 'They're worse than the critters!' I'm A Celebrity fans flock to Twitter to rant about 'moaning' Martin Roberts and 'obnoxious' Danny Baker Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Turned heads Work it! Iggy Azalea flaunts her extreme hourglass figure in vintage-inspired active wear designed by her 'best friend' Va voom! Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors Hour glass 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' as she attends a fan event in Sydney Who wore it best? Nikki Sanderson and Simon Gregson's wife Emma wear the SAME plunging dress to charity bash in Manchester GEM Appeal winter ball Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Still got it! Goldie Hawn turns heads in VERY low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with partner Kurt Russell...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps 'He knows where I am': Honey G challenges Strictly Come Dancing's Ed Balls to a dance off following her X Factor rap medley Both love/hated Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Day of winter festivities The G Factor! Aspiring rapper Honey G overtakes bookies' favourite Matt Terry in The X Factor phone votes causing Simon Cowell to 'worry'  Fishing for compliments! Joel Dommett gets flirty with Lisa Snowdon on I'm A Celeb... despite being sat in a hot tub full of fish guts   Alesha Dixon shows plenty of gorgeous glowing skin in stunning off-shoulder gown as she attends Global Gift Gala with partner Azuka Ononye 'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley says he gets sick of hearing his own songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Laura Bailey stuns in black lace slip dress at Claridges Christmas Tree party... while Lily Cole misses the glam memo in socks and trainers Red hot! Zilda Williams flaunts her ample E cup cleavage in a VERY revealing red Baywatch-inspired skimpy swimsuit beachside  Red hot! Kym Marsh shows off her svelte physique in form-fitting crimson lace gown as she arrives at the GEM Appeal Winter Ball in style Strictly smiling! Louise Redknapp, Danny Mac and Ed Balls in cheery mood as they leave Blackpool's Tower Ballroom after dance triumph  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing promotion of Rules Don't Apply She's beem burning the candle at both ends Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park Dad day Coleen Rooney shows her support for husband Wayne as she takes kids to watch Arsenal game... after footballer faced backlash for partying until 5am It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Swapped philanthropy  for a spot of sightseeing 'He's always going to be better than you!': Louis Walsh claims Ryan Lawrie will forever be in Matt Terry's shadow in feisty X Factor critique   Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside Order of the day He's a beach boy at heart! Home and Away's George Mason skips the shoes and goes shirtless on a grocery run at Bondi with bikini-clad model girlfriend Manon Buchalet 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Expecting child soon Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Lucy Mecklenburgh, 25, shares a smile with her lookalike mum Linda, 55, as the pair saunter through Brentwood An uncanny likeness 'We're scrutinised more harshly than men': Natalie Imbruglia speaks about getting older... and the 'stupid' women in Hollywood who lie about their age Raunchy Perrie Edwards flashes her cleavage in skimpy bralette as she joins her Little Mix band-mates at BBC Radio 2 Arrived in style The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  They're all at it Royal doppelgängers! Young actors playing Prince George and Princess Charlotte seen on set of forthcoming BBC drama King Charles III Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Parky finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later Called her 'sex queen'  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story? Chloe Khan struggles to contain her ample bust in a daring cut-away jumpsuit as she hits the town  Flaunt it All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony The 47-year-old looked sheepish Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Cut-out for the catwalk! Kady McDermott and Emma McVey flash their busts in plunging tops as they enjoy glamorous girls' night out Saucy amount of skin GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Hit the rocks? Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Pictured arriving for work in Toronto Mel B dazzles in a billowing navy kaftan as she throws gleeful daughter Madison in the air on fun family day out Covered up 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America Wogan surge sets Children In Need record: Appeal raises £46.6m after viewers were urged to 'give everything' in Sir Terry's memory   'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Bizarre image 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video 'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He's an early investor Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer She never fails ooze glamour Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Increasingly busy now Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the high temperatures Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Took advantage of cooler weather Leona Lewis shows off her trim midriff in statement navy bardot jumpsuit as she attends charity luncheon with Terri Seymour in Beverly Hills So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous bulge again... after laughing off the rumours about his manhood Post-baby curves! Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Adorable little boy He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumours swirl about ex J Lo It started with a kiss... Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer as 17-year-old is told off after being seen in a beer tent at London's Winter Wonderland Pippa Middleton attempts to end family rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Following coke scandal Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Fashionable magnet Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Ashley James suffers an embarrassing fashion faux pas as she forgets to remove the tag from her satin dress at the Chain Of Hope charity ball 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken All dressed up for the cameras Leading the cha-cha-charge! Fan favourite Ed Balls lands in Blackpool as Strictly stars arrive for BBC special Cutting a causal figure Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  Expanding her interests beyond just acting Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Spirited display Little Stars! These smiling youngsters grew up to be some of Britain's biggest celebrities... but can you guess who they are?  New charity campaign Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it They really are the best of exes Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life - as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson She's committed to making it work Former Strictly star Kristina Rihanoff keeps it simple in black top and jeans as she helps Chelsea boutique celebrate its first anniversary  Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Top condition Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro Flaunted enviable figure Gemma Oaten dazzles crowds with her voice during festive performance as she joins Jennifer Metcalfe for Christmas light switch on in Reading Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Quirky twist GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been a sex symbol for 30 years Look away Chloe! Geordie Shore's Marty McKenna shares a passionate smooch with newcomer Elettra Lamborghini on boozy night out with his co-stars 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople' It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Quintessential style 'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Back together? Vogue Williams cosies up to artist ex boyfriend Maser as they enjoy picturesque holiday in Iceland HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  Yasmin, 51, broke her shoulder on the first day of a 350-mile journey  'We are getting to know each other again': Nick Knowles's wife Jessica reveals the pair are back together but taking things slowly after she beat cervical cancer Ola Jordan flaunts her sensational figure in a skimpy yellow bikini as she enjoys the I'm A Celeb jungle shower 'The gloves could come off': Wayne Bridge's ex Vanessa Perroncel 'angry the ex footballer didn't tell her he was doing I'm A Celebrity'  Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA Flair for fashion We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner Edgy all-black ensemble A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Locking lips Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs Just a day away Angelina Jolie appears in International Criminal Court video for children Tthe 41-year-old Oscar winner recorded a message on Friday  Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Danielle Armstrong oozes glamour in an elegant sapphire gown as she turns heads at Chain of Hope charity ball Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer Surrounded by loved ones as she succumbed to the disease 'They're all Z-list p****s': Danny Dyer lashes out at TOWIE stars as he brands them 'fame-hungry and untalented'  Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Light winter ensemble Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA Relaxed attire 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki Picture purrfect! Atomic Kitten singer Kerry Katona and George Kay prove their relationship is on track as they enjoy loved-up break to Abu Dhabi  Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Summer bodies are made in the winter Does she need to be any more Vanilla? Ice Ice Baby singer 'lined up to duet with Honey G' if she makes it to the final... as producers 'struggle' to secure collaboration 'He's the best!' Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Arlene Phillips tips 'novelty act' Ed Balls to win ahead of Blackpool special Inseparable! Lottie Moss and rumoured boyfriend Alex Mytton look besotted as they enjoy another night out on the town together 'I have a lot of sex!' Eva Longoria's husband refuses to watch saucy scenes in Desperate Housewives... and admits having children would be a 'blessing' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini She revealed her rock hard physique PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body Stephen Bear puts on a loved-up display with new flame Taylor Regan as they step out hand-in-hand at Winter Wonderland opening Two stars with VERY roguish relatives: Cheryl discovers she is related to a serial seducer - while Amanda Holden finds out her granddad was a hero in new series of Who Do You Think You Are? Double denim! Chloe Meadows displays her toned pins in thigh skimming mini skirt at clothes launch Amy Willerton channels old school Hollywood glamour in fringed semi-sheer gown as she makes a sweeping entrance at Chain of Hope charity ball Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town Checked out the reservations Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal It's a spade 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself The little one got to spend some time with Santa She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig Took the stage in Miami  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Slammed 'hate speech' Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  Unique sense of style They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Another one? Ex-Geordie Shore star Daniel Conn flaunts his muscular frame as he enjoys a day at Bondi Beach with a mystery woman What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  As a digital native, Kylie Jenner knows the power of a good selfie.  Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Vision in black and red 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime Multi-tasking Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Sleeping on the plane? Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  FIRST LOOK: Peter Capaldi held at gunpoint in Doctor Who Christmas special clip featuring Matt Lucas and masked vigilante The Ghost . Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes the BBC's Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at charity ball The 46-year-old model wore a sleeveless, shimmery black gown All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Preened to perfection! Home and Away's Pia Miller sports full face of makeup and styled locks in tiny shorts... as she films workout in Sydney Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual... a week after locking lips with Lucy Vives 'I am a bisexual Cuban-American woman and I am so proud of it!' Things are getting serious! Sharon Osbourne gives Honey G a pep talk ahead of X Factor live show amid reports of her 'tantrums' Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York Ruggedly handsome at the same time Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills 'We are 100% together and very much in love': Furious Katie Price hits out at claims she's split from third husband Kieran Hayler  Denied marriage is over 'I didn't talk for eight months': Danny Baker reduces Scarlett Moffatt to TEARS as he discusses tough cancer battle in the jungle Wayne Bridge, Adam Thomas and Jordan Banjo leave viewers in hysterics as they scream like girls during critter challenge... but redeem themselves in winning live trial Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks her social media silence as she posts an inspirational Gandhi quote and thanks her friends for their support  'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' 'Two of his previous partners have got pregnant after the show!' Louise Redknapp hopes Strictly partner Kevin Clifton will be her 'lucky charm' for third baby Chloe Lewis flaunts her tanned and toned pins in a sexy oversized blazer and lace slip as she makes glamorous appearance at bar launch in Liverpool Emmerdale's Gemma Oaten cosies up to hunky singer Kristofer James on a dinner date... after ex Nick Knowles slammed her for 'exploiting' their fling Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at Chain of Hope charity ball 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during an off season vacation with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs EXCLUSIVE: Comic Kathy Griffin tells how she witnessed hard-partying Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks and was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Little Mix bring the glamour to Children In Need night... as they delight group of theatre kids with a big surprise Glowing Rochelle Humes cradles her blossoming bump as she and husband Marvin present Children In Need side-by-side From Dirty Den to Dirty Dancing! Shona McGarty wows in EastEnders Children In Need 80s medley, while Richard Blackwood performs Footloose  A starry occasion! Frankie Bridge stuns in sheer patterned ensemble as she takes on presenting duties at Children In Need Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Hirst girl's £1,270 kinky boots are 'shoe porn'  Model Katie Keight, 26, revealed her penchant for luxury footwear  'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Died surrounded by her band, the Dap-Kings Vicky Pattison confirms romance with hunky former flame John Noble...after he jetted Down Under for her birthday Now that's commitment 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on a Vietnamese chat show  From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple looked as loved up as ever 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticised by 'mean girls' Geordie Cor! Reality star Elettra Lamborghini joins the Shore girls for a night out... after turning heads at the MTV EMAs with THAT outrageous jumpsuit Geordie Shore new girls Abbie Holborn, Sarah Goodhart and Eve Shannon make sure to turn heads in skintight ensembles while filming new series in Newcastle Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The 18-year-old Modern Family star documented the inking on Snapchat FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA The 32-year-old model was spotted showing off some serious shoulder  Waterfail? Famous I'm a celebrity jungle shower is branded 'FAKE'... as reports claim warm water is turned off at regular intervals  Carol Vorderman shrieks in terror as she's blindfolded for skin crawling I'm A Celeb Bushtucker Rank Tank Trial Getting her hands dirty Pant and Dec! Superfan gets cheeky tattoo of the Geordie duo recreating famous Lady and the Tramp spaghetti eating scene on his BUM 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona 'Tis the season! Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even a SEX CLUB membership 'It was his favourite night of the year': Sir Terry Wogan's son Mark pays tribute to his late father as Graham Norton says the broadcaster 'will always be in our hearts' Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Skip to content Menu Local News Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Environment Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Northwest Data Times Watchdog News Obituaries All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Environment Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Health Northwest Data Times Watchdog News Obituaries All Sections Local Transportation Crime Local Politics Education Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics & Games Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Environment Login Subscribe Environment Local News Local Politics Northwest Puget Sound EPA approves parts of Washington clean-water plan Originally published November 15, 2016 at 1:00 pm Updated November 15, 2016 at 7:24 pm Federal regulators have finalized water-quality rules for Washington state tied partly to how much fish people eat, approving many aspects of the state’s plan but also setting some stricter limits than the state wanted. Share story By PHUONG LE The Associated Press The Environmental Protection Agency on Tuesday finalized water-quality rules for Washington state tied partly to how much fish people eat, approving some aspects of the state’s plan but deciding in many cases to set stricter limits than the state had wanted. The action comes years after contentious debate over the issue of how clean the state’s rivers and bays need to be so people can safely eat fish from those waters. Businesses and local governments have argued that too strict rules could cost billions with little benefit to the environment, while Native American tribes and environmental groups said tougher rules are needed to reduce water pollution and protect those who eat fish. The EPA said the combination of its own federal rules and parts of the state’s plan will protect residents who eat fish and shellfish from exposure to toxic pollutants. Most Read Stories Bus riders step in as driver has fatal heart attack on viaduct Earl Thomas, Rob Gronkowski have cool Twitter exchange about hard hit in Sunday's game Seattle’s own ‘click-bait’ news site serves up red meat for liberals | Danny Westneat 35 reasons the Seahawks' Jon Ryan is the punter we all want to be Sports on TV & radio: Local listings for Seattle games and eventsUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Maia Bellon, director of the state Department of Ecology, said she’s disappointed the “state’s approach wasn’t accepted in its entirety.” The state worked hard to balance protecting human health and the environment while helping businesses and local governments comply, she said in a statement. The EPA agreed with Washington state on several key factors used to regulate water quality, including dramatically raising the fish-consumption rate to 175 grams a day, which would protect people who eat about a serving of fish a day. But it did not approve the state’s plan for three major chemicals including PCBs, arsenic and mercury. Factories, wastewater plants and other point-source polluters are not the source of these chemicals, and the EPA’s rule is “asking for big investments from the wrong people,” said Rob Duff, a senior policy adviser with the governor’s office. In the case of PCBs, the EPA rule is 25 times more stringent than what the state had proposed, Ecology officials said. Boeing, industry groups and cities and counties had argued that the EPA’s limits for PCBs and mercury would be costly and difficult to meet. Boeing declined Tuesday to comment on the decision. Chris Wilke, executive director of Puget Soundkeeper Alliance, said the EPA got it right. “The state had kicked the can on mercury and PCBs, and EPA today said that we have to move forward with stronger regulations on those two. The main points that we were pushing on, we’re happy with the results.” But Carl Schroeder with the Association of Washington Cities said he’s unsure how hundreds of wastewater plants will be able to comply with some of the new regulations, because no current technology exists, for example, to meet the standards for PCBs. Both the EPA and the state had each been working on parallel versions of the rules after the federal government last year stepped in to ensure that Washington did a rule in time. The state submitted its plan to the EPA for approval in August. The EPA was under a court order to finalize a plan by Tuesday, after environmental groups sued to force quicker action. On Tuesday, the EPA approved nearly one-quarter of the pollution standards the state adopted and finalized its own updates for the remaining three-quarters. The Northwest Pulp & Paper Association said it was “extremely disappointed” in EPA’s final rule. The rule fails to incorporate the input of private businesses and public agencies and “sets up a system for failure, litigation and permitting uncertainty,” the group said in a statement. But Lorraine Loomis, who leads the Northwest Indian Fisheries Commission, praised the EPA for its leadership for finalizing “more protective water quality standards for everyone who lives here.” “Strong water quality standards are important because they help protect us from toxins in our water that end up in the fish and shellfish we eat,” she said in a statement. PHUONG LE Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Tens of thousands of dead fish found in New York’s Hamptons Previous Story Developers sue to complete Dakota Access Pipeline Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2016 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Back to the story
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Business Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Defence Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceCommunication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation International India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives Sports More SciencePress ReleasesEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented BusinessWorld News You are here: ET Home›News›International›Business 04:05 PM | 18 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,150-77.38 NIFTY 50 8,074-5.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,970-161.00 USD/INR 68.130.30 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Elon Musk's SpaceX seeks US approval for internet-via-satellite network By Reuters | Updated: Nov 18, 2016, 12.38 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » SpaceX | NASA | Musk | Google Inc | Google | Elon Musk The California-based company, owned and operated by Elon Musk, has proposed an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites. HOUSTON: Private rocket launch service SpaceX is requesting government approval to operate a massive satellite network that would provide high-speed, global internet coverage, according to newly filed documents with the US Federal Communications Commission. The California-based company, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has proposed an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites, the documents filed on Tuesday show. The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least $10 billion, was first announced in January 2015. The latest documents, which include technical details of the proposed network, did not mention cost estimates or financing plans. Financial backers of the company, whose full name is Space Exploration Technologies Corp, include Alphabet's Google Inc and Fidelity Investments, which together have contributed $1 billion to Musk's space launch firm. The proposed SpaceX network would begin with the launch of about 800 satellites to expand internet access in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, the FCC filings showed. "The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, government and professional users worldwide," SpaceX said in technical documents accompanying its filing. Similar internet-via-satellite networks are under development by privately owned OneWeb and by Boeing Co. Such a system would provide a space-based alternative to cable, fiber-optics and other terrestrial internet access currently available. SpaceX did not say when its launches would occur. The satellites would be launched into orbits ranging from 714 miles to 823 miles (1,150-1,325 km) above Earth. Each satellite, about the size of an average car, not including solar panels, would weigh 850 pounds (386 kg), SpaceX said. SpaceX's primary business is launching satellites into orbit for government and commercial customers. It also flies cargo supply ships to the International Space Station for NASA. SpaceX rocket launches have been on hold since a Sept. 1 launch pad accident that destroyed a $62 million Falcon 9 booster and a $200 million Israeli communications satellite. The company hopes to resume flights next month. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Weird Tractors That Make No Sense - Wait till you see #1 Mentertained Monica Lewinsky Reveals Who She Voted For, And It's Not Wh.. Tomorrowoman 8 Beautiful Virginia Waterfalls to Visit This Season Visit Virginia MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Kashmir bursts into life after 4 months of closure Donald Trump says Ford not moving US plant to Mexico VoLTE will not be an overnight success in India: Ericsson From Around the Web More from The Economic Times Longevity Scientists Explain What They Believe Is Key To H.. Fast Company | Elysium Health This Startup Makes The Most Comfortable Pair Of Underwear .. Business Insider | MeUndies Top 10 Most-Anticipated Superyachts Coming to the 2016 Mon.. Robb Report How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi Rs 91 lakh worth old notes found in Minister’s car Spieth wins Australian Open in playoff Kejri calls BBC corrupt for supporting demonetisation Twitter poll: 87% believe move will limit terror funding READ MORE ON » SpaceX | NASA | Musk | Google Inc | Google | Elon Musk Follow this section for latest news on Business EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented View: Narendra Modi takes a great leap backwards. Mao would approve Demonetisation gives birth to parallel economy of old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes Helpless citizen 'warrior against corruption' in PM Modi's note-ban bid Bank account violators will face 7 years jail: Income Tax department View: Back to the future from food rationing to cash rationing! More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Blog Gold Rate|US Presidential Elections Live Updates Festival Guide 2016|​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Global Business Brief: How Trump could increase defense spending; UK wants 26 Reaper drones Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia The YouTube Effect: Intel Operations Move Out of the Shadows War in the Information Age Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing Defense One Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email → News Threats Politics Business Tech Ideas How Trump could increase defense spending; Backseat in an F-15; U.K. wants 26 Reaper drones; and more. By Marcus Weisgerber Read bio November 17, 2016 Topics The Global Business Brief Air Force AA Font size + Print Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article By Marcus Weisgerber Read bio November 17, 2016 A week after Donald Trump became president-elect, everyone’s still guessing what he means for defense. “Frankly, anyone that tells you they have the answer to that question is lying,” Thomas Spoehr, a retired Army lieutenant general who runs the Heritage Foundation’s Center for National Defense, said this week. Aside from an apparent consensus that it’s “good” — in the sense that the Trump administration wants to build up the military, and therefore financial gains for defense firms — the president-elect has made no detailed comments on the subject and has yet to pick a Pentagon team. But clues exist. Trump has relied on Heritage for defense advice, so put a bit more stock in what Spoehr and its other experts have to say. This week, the conservative think tank released its third annual “Index of U.S. Military Strength,” a 391-page analysis of the state of American armed forces and the threats they face. Subscribe Get The Global Business Brief in your inbox: The must-read news, analysis and insights about the intersection of business and international security. At a small breakfast Wednesday morning, its authors discussed their findings. From a business perspective, a few comments stood out. Navy leaders say they needs 308 ships to meet the minimal demands of the combatant commanders, but have just 272 right now. (Trump has called for 350 ships.) “Historically, they get about $15 or $16 billion a year for shipbuilding,” said Heritage’s Dakota Wood, who edited the report. “To reach 308, they would need $20 billion to $21 billion.” Wood also talked about the military’s efforts in the fields of robotics and unmanned systems. “They’re doing testing and experimentation,” Wood noted. “I’ve got my own quibbles on how they’re doing it, but the point is that they’re actually doing that.” And Spoehr, the retired Army general, said the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter is “showing some great promise.” Another thought: If Trump wants to swiftly start sending the military more weapons, he’ll have to do it with arms that are already in production, one defense expert tells me. That could include ramping up buys of F-35s; F/A-18 Super Hornets; Navy destroyers — you get the drift. That way he could show results quickly without timely development projects. How to pay for it? Here’s one way to persuade Congress to boost defense spending: tie it to Trump’s $1 trillion infrastructure plan, which might get money rolling to home districts, says Mackenzie Eaglen with the American Enterprise Institute says. Or, if fiscal hawks decline to repeal the Budget Control Act, the new administration could rely on the war budget, which is not subject to spending caps. While the Obama administration has refused to overtly use war funding to buy unrelated new equipment, the next gang might not. And about that war budget? Once upon a time, the extra money approved to pay for unexpected wars was dubbed the “emergency supplemental.”  The Obama administration renamed it the “Overseas Contingency Operations.” If Trump decides to use the account to rebuild the military, maybe he calls it the “Make Defense Great Again” budget. Send me your thoughts on OCO/MDGA/whatever. Welcome! You’ve reached Defense One’s Global Business Brief. Remember when I was stuck in Hartford a few weeks ago? Today, you’ll find out why (keep reading). Send your tips, comments, and random thoughts to mweisgerber@defenseone.com, or hit me up on Twitter: @MarcusReports. Check out the GBB archive here, and tell your friends to subscribe! From Defense One Decision Time: Half of US F-15s Need Overhauls — Or Retirement // Marcus Weisgerber In a backseat ride over New Hampshire, the Eagle shows why it’s still lethal, yet increasingly expensive. A Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission // Patrick Tucker Lockheed Martin-Sikorsky merger leads to unique demonstration involving drones large and small. White House: $11.6B More Needed for ISIS Fight, Afghanistan // Marcus Weisgerber The request brings the expected 2017 price tag for both wars to $85.3 billion. I Flew In An F-15 Eagle It was awesome…and terrifying, but mostly awesome. The backseat ride came courtesy of the Massachusetts Air National Guard’s 104th Fighter Wing, nicknamed the “Barnestormers” because they fly from Barnes Air National Guard Base in Westfield, Massachusetts. I was surprised by all the activity at a National Guard fighter base — jets were taking off and landing all day — and by the depth of everyone’s knowledge about defense happenings in Washington. It was far more than talking points about readiness and the impact of sequestration. After I climbed into an F-15D behind Maj. Jay “Fat” Talbert, we took off midday and flew north. I went to college in New Hampshire and worked at a newspaper there after graduating, so the cockpit’s giant glass canopy afforded a new perspective on my old stomping grounds, from 16,000 feet with a near-360-degree view. Talbert flew us to Mount Washington, where radio towers poked through the low clouds over the peak, and a swath of restricted airspace allows Air Force pilots to fly high-performance maneuvers without worrying about commercial or civil aircraft. The G-forces on the body are extreme. I’m still in awe that the men and women that fly fighter jets are able to concentrate on other duties with this type of stress on the body. As Talbert executed rolls, high-speed turns, and dogfighting maneuvers, I was trying to hold down my lunch. I could see his head darting around up front. Mine was pinned to the back of the ejection seat. I could go on, but I’ll just leave you with this video put together by my colleague Ben Watson. (And here’s a longer bit of raw footage.) Boeing to Make Defense Cuts On a more serious note, Boeing announced it would cut 500 jobs across its defense and space business over the next four years. It will close facilities in El Paso, Texas; and Newington, Virginia; and shrink its business in Huntington Beach, California. “By the end of 2020 Boeing will reduce facilities space by approximately 4.5 million square feet,” the company said in a statement. It will also move some employees to other sites. Boeing said Los Angeles County would gain about 1,600 jobs; St. Louis, 500; and Huntsville, Alabama, about 400. Brits Eye Reaper Drones The U.S. State Department approved the sale of 26 MQ-9 Reaper drones to the U.K. Last year then-British Prime Minister David Cameron announced the Royal Air Force would replace its 10 Reapers with new ones, which it calls “Protector.” The deal, approved by State late Wednesday, calls for 16 MQ-9s with an option for 10 additional aircraft. The drones are built by General Atomics. Some Merger and Acquisition News A month ago we told you DigitalGlobe, the satellite imaging company, was acquiring Radiant, a big data company that does work for the intelligence community. The $140 million deal closed on Wednesday. Also, three niche defense and intel companies  — EOIR, Intelligent Software Solutions and PROTEUS Technologies — have joined to form Polaris Alpha. Washington-based private equity firm Arlington capital Partners announced the the new firm as “a leading provider of mission-critical technology, software, and solutions to premier customers in the defense and intelligence communities.” No GBB on Thanksgiving We’ll be taking the day off to be with our families, and thinking of the deployed troops who cannot. Marcus Weisgerber is the global business editor for Defense One, where he writes about the intersection of business and national security. He has been covering defense and national security issues for more than a decade, previously as Pentagon correspondent for Defense News and chief editor of ... Full bio Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email this article Most Read 1 The YouTube Effect: Intelligence Operations Move Out of the Shadows 2 War in the Information Age 3 How Special Operators Trained for Psychological Warfare Before the Mosul Fight Subscribe Get The Global Business Brief in your inbox: The must-read news, analysis and insights about the intersection of business and international security. Don't Miss Trump’s Foreign Policy Could Change the Entire International System Now What? Trump’s Long List of National Security Unknowns Crises from Europe to the Asia-Pacific Await Donald Trump Trump vs. the Generals The Marines Are Building Robotic War Balls Washington is Quietly Reinforcing Europe’s Northern Flank Russian Subs Are Reheating a Cold War Chokepoint Weapons of the Syrian War: Timeline and Overview If You Do This, the NSA Will Spy on You Obama’s Final Arms-Export Tally More than Doubles Bush’s Show Comments Loading... Hide Comments By using this service you agree not to post material that is obscene, harassing, defamatory, or otherwise objectionable. Although Defenseone.com does not monitor comments posted to this site (and has no obligation to), it reserves the right to delete, edit, or move any material that it deems to be in violation of this rule. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. « Previous Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia Next » Rep. Schiff: ‘Grave Concerns’ About Trump’s Relationship to America’s Intelligence Community Global Business Brief: How Trump could increase defense spending; UK wants 26 Reaper drones Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia The YouTube Effect: Intel Operations Move Out of the Shadows War in the Information Age Team of Drones Pulls Off a (Staged) Search-and-Rescue Mission Sponsor Content How Cloud Will Affect the Future of Policing « Previous Sen. Cotton: Trump Will Likely Take a Tougher Line on Russia Next » Rep. Schiff: ‘Grave Concerns’ About Trump’s Relationship to America’s Intelligence Community Defense One About Contact Us Events Advertise Site Map Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Government Executive Nextgov Quartz National Journal The Atlantic CityLab © 2016 by National Journal Group, Inc. All rights reserved. Close [ x ] More from DefenseOne   Next Story  
clock menu more-arrow anonymous eagle Anonymous Eagle Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Fanposts Fanshots Golden Eagles Odds Shop About Masthead Community Guidelines StubHub more Fanposts Fanshots Golden Eagles Stories Schedule Roster Stats Yahoo Golden Eagles News Yahoo Golden Eagles Team Page Yahoo Golden Eagles Transactions Odds Shop About Masthead Community Guidelines StubHub ✕ BIG WIN! Marquette Women's Basketball upsets #18 Arizona State, 75-63! × Know Your Foe Marquette Basketball Marquette Men's Basketball Get To Know A Marquette Basketball Opponent: Michigan New, 1 comment Let’s learn a thing or two about the Wolverines. by Brewtown Andy@brewtownandy Nov 17, 2016, 9:00am CST tweet share pin Rec Rick Osentoski-USA TODAY Sports Name: University of Michigan Location: Ann Arbor, Michigan Founded: 1817 Enrollment: 44,178 WOAH. How much of that is law school or something like that? 28,963 undergraduates, along with 15,735 post-graduate students. Nickname: Wolverines Why “Wolverines?” It seems that Ohioans used that term to describe Michiganers back in 1835 during something called “The Toledo War,” although I have no idea why someone would fight a war over Toledo. Anyway, it was used by the people of Ohio to be disparaging about Michigan residents and it just kind of stuck as they took pride in being referred to as ornery. What’s the deal with the football helmets? It’s called a winged helmet, dating back when helmets were leather and there was literally a different colored piece of leather attached to the helmet. Herbert “Fritz” Crisler believed that the multi-colored helmet had tactical advantages in terms of finding teammates down field and brought the winged helmet usage with him when he transitioned from Princeton head coach to Michigan head coach and athletic director in 1938. Their fight song is pretty famous, isn’t it? Only if you consider John Phillip Sousa calling The Victors “the greatest college fight song ever written.” Notable Alumni: Gerald Ford, the 38th President of the United States; James A. McDivitt & Ed White, the crew of Gemini 4; David Scott, Alfred Worden, and James B. Irwin, the crew of Apollo 15 (Scott & Irwin left a Michigan Alumni Association chapter plaque on the moon’s surface); Google co-founder Larry Page; playwright Arthur Miller; actor James Earl Jones; actress Gilda Radner; director Lawrence Kasdan; assisted suicide advocate Dr. Jack Kevorkian; Bill Ayers, co-founder of the Weather Underground; US Supreme Court Justice Frank Murphy; Dr. Wallace Abbott, founder of Abbot Laboratories; Ted Kaczynski, aka The Unabomber; attorney Clarence Darrow; Edgar Gott, co-founder and 1st president of Boeing; John De Lorean, General Motors Vice President & designer of the car that bears his name; Branch Rickey; General Manager of the Brooklyn Dodgers when Jackie Robinson broke Major League Baseball’s racial barrier; Ann B. Davis, aka Alice the maid on The Brady Bunch; character actress Margo Martindale; Mark Metcalf, aka Neidermeyer in Animal House & The Master in Buffy The Vampire Slayer; author Brad Meltzer; Sid Meier, creator of the Civilization computer game series; Dr. Gregory House; NFL Network host Rich Eisen; boxing expert Bert Sugar; television journalist Mike Wallace; Chris Webber, Jalen Rose, Juwan Howard, Ray Jackson, & Jimmy King, collectively known as the Fab Five; and a whole mess of NFL players, including Tom Brady, Dan Dierdorf, Jim Harbaugh, Desmond Howard, Charles Woodson, and Crazy Legs Hirsch. Last Season: 23-13, with a 10-8 record in the Big Ten. They were sent to Dayton for the First Four and advanced to the first round, where they lost to Notre Dame. This Season: 2-0 with wins over Howard and IUPUI. Current KenPom Ranking: #36 KenPom Projection: 19-11, 10-8 in the Big Ten Stat Leaders Points: Derrick Walton, Jr., 16.5 ppg Rebounds: D.J. Wilson, 11.0 rpg Assists: Derrick Walton, Jr., and Zak Irvin, 3.0 apg Head Coach: John Beilein, in his 25th season in Division 1, and 10th season at Michigan. He’s 484-298 overall and 191-123 at Michigan. All Time Series: Michigan leads, 13-6. Marquette has won the only meeting since 1990, a 79-65 victory at the 2009 Old Spice Classic. Next Up In Marquette Basketball Marquette Women’s Basketball Drops #18 Arizona State, 75-63 Marquette Basketball Four Factors: vs Michigan The Quick & The Dirty: Pittsburgh 78, Marquette 75 Marquette Women’s Basketball Preview: vs #18 Arizona State The Dirty & The Dirty: Michigan 79, Marquette 61 Marquette Basketball Four Factors: vs Howard Trending The Quick & The Dirty: Pittsburgh 78, Marquette 75 Marquette Women’s Basketball Drops #18 Arizona State, 75-63 The Dirty & The Dirty: Michigan 79, Marquette 61 Marquette Women’s Basketball Preview: vs #18 Arizona State Marquette Basketball Revealed The Nike N7 Uniforms Find Tickets Tue Nov 22 IUPUI Jaguars @ Marquette Golden Eagles 6:30 PM - BMO Harris Bradley Center - Milwaukee, WI 199 tickets available Sat Nov 26 Houston Baptist Huskies @ Marquette Golden Eagles 6:30 PM - BMO Harris Bradley Center - Milwaukee, WI 305 tickets available See Full Schedule From our sponsor Stubhub Logo Team Shop Marquette Golden Eagles Brand Jordan Basketball Player Elite Shooter Performance Long Sleeve T-Shirt - Navy $64.99 Buy Now Marquette Golden Eagles Brand Jordan Basketball Performance Fleece Pullover Hoodie - Charcoal $74.99 Buy Now Marquette Golden Eagles Nike 2016 Elite Coaches Dri-FIT 1/2 Zip Jacket - Navy $63.99 Buy Now This Article has a component height of 21. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... Chorus FanPosts FanShots Masthead Community Guidelines Facebook Twitter YouTube Contact Have a News Tip? Browse Blogs About SBN Company Blog Blog Openings Guiding Principles Vox Media Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. © 2016 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Sports data © STATS 2016 tweet share
پارسی العربية اردو کوردی Türkçe English Mehrnews English Sun 20 November 2016 × Economy Home All News Iran World Politics Economy Culture Technology Sports Photo Cartoon Video Opinion Airbus contributes 2 planes to Iran’s air fleet News ID: 3827460 - Thu 17 November 2016 - 19:58 Economy TEHRAN, Nov. 17 (MNA) – Head of the Kish Free Zone has said since Iran-Airbus negotiations in Paris, the giant has contributed 2 Airbus A321s to Iranian air fleet. Ali Asghar Mounesan who was speaking to the press on the sidelines of the 8th International Iran Air Show in Kish Island on Thursday, said that the air giant would also improve Kish Air fleet age by contributing another 2 planes later; “the Airbuses are manufactured in 2007, which are relatively young and will improve the performance of the airline; we plan to add another 10 planes to increase the fleet to 20 planes, which includes 7 Boeing McDonnell Douglas planes and 3 Fokker 100,” he detailed. He told reporters that purchase of brand new aircrafts would be awaited due to financial reasons; “new aircrafts entail huge logistics and preparation in terms of repair and maintenance and operation, which should be economically justified and profitable; we are working on construction of a passenger terminal with a capacity of handling 4.5 million passengers annually, with special runway for Airbus A380 double-deck luxury planes,” Mounesan said. SH/3827378 Related News Iran Air Show 2016 kicks off Iran to purchase 500 aircrafts in 8 years Iranian knowledge-based firms to attend Aeromart Toulouse 'Aircraft purchase talks reach final stages' Int’l aerospace expo. opens in Tehran Boeing, Airbus grant Iran ‘maintenance, part manufacturing’ rights Tags Airbus Aviation Boeing Iran Iran Air Show Kish Free Trade Zone Comments Abdul Bashaija 2016-11-18 02:35 we need a stable world Comment * Name Email or Website * Your Comment * Please enter the correct answer 8 + 8 = TOP 10 Armenia after facilitating trade with Iran Leader makes new appointments in Army Ground Forces Iranian trade delegation to embark for Germany, Austria… Iran, Vietnam consult over parliamentary ties Pres. Rouhani congratulates Oman on national day Deputy-FM departs for Paris Larijani calls for further economic ties with Indonesia Iran, Malaysia hold deep parliamentary ties Killing of Nigerian Muslims unacceptable Iran to step up scientific coop. with Kazakhstan Mehr Vision 6th edition of ‘Mehr Vision’ reviews region’s top events Interview Tehran Short filmfest. brings together diverse… With wiser counsel, Trump’s views on Iran… Turkey would play a part in Trumpian ME architectu… Trump would bring about Turkey, Kurds reconciliati… Report MNA reelected to Tech. Cmte. as Baku hosts… Iran, Belgium ties at a new turning point Tehran, Caracas eye boosted ties in future Iran expanding cooperation with emerging… Op-Ed Aoun presidency, another rebalancing step… Georgian rugby UNiTEs to end violence against… It’s never too late to start running Transforming commitment into action on disaster… From organizational training to realization… Most Viewed US rigged system set Trump up for failure Tehran Intl. Short Filmfest. in frames Global oil giants return to Iran Iran, China, France to ink oil deal Iran to open LCs in Europe Iran eyes inking new oil deals worth $130bn Sun setting on US hegemony Côte d’Ivoire eying Iran’s agricultural help Trump would bring about Turkey, Kurds reconciliation Iran, Russia assess ways to boost strategic ties Latest News Pakistan screens Farhadi’s ‘A Separation’ Iran condoles with India on tragic train disaster Lavan Refinery to produce Euro 4 gasoline Massive Arbaeen procession in Shiraz Iranian knowledge-based firms to attend Aeromart Toulouse Damascus rejects eastern Aleppo's self-administration proposal Iranian IM opens FIDE Women’s GP with draw Tehrani citizens embark on Arbaeen march 8 killed, 32 injured in terrorist rocket attacks in Aleppo De Mistura arrives in Damascus to meet with Syrian FM 12 Iranians to vie at CCBF’s Young Illustrators Competition Karbala hosts world’s largest human gathering Faghani receives AFC 'Referee of the Year' award Arbaeen rally of Iranian students 1st VP appreciates Iraq hosting Arbaeen pilgrims Armenia after facilitating trade with Iran Russian military registers 41 ceasefire violations in 5 Syrian provinces Germany’s Linde major contractor of LNG project Iran’s taekwondo squad earns 5 medals Iranian trade delegation to embark for Germany, Austria on Sun. Top Desktop version Mobile version {site-title} Archive About us Contact us Links Advertise © 2015 Mehr News Agency. All rights reserved Powered by: Nastooh
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health     Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines Science Pictures My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Elon Musk's SpaceX aims to bring super-fast internet to the world using more than 4,000 satellites It would increase the number of satellites in orbit by over 300 per cent Each satellite in SpaceX's planned group will weigh about 850 lbs (386 kg) They will orbit at altitudes from 715 miles (1,150 km) to 790 miles (1,275 km) System will provide broadband speeds of up to 1 Gbps for the end users By Reuters and Abigail Beall For Mailonline Published: 22:02 EST, 16 November 2016 | Updated: 06:46 EST, 18 November 2016 e-mail 92 shares 19 View comments Elon Musk's SpaceX has filed an application to send over 4,000 satellites into orbit around our planet. If the company is successful, it would increase the number of satellites in orbit by over 300 per cent. Together this swarm of satellites will serve to create a space-based worldwide internet network that could offer speeds of up to 1 Gbps for the end users.  Scroll down for video  Earlier this week, Elon Musk's SpaceX filed an application to send over 4,000 satellites into orbit around our planet. If this goal was achieved, it would increase the number of satellites in orbit by almost 400 per cent. Stock image SPACEX BUILDING THE INTERNET IN SPACE  Each satellite in SpaceX's planned group will weigh about 850 lbs (386 kg). They will orbit at altitudes ranging from 715 miles (1,150 km) to 790 miles (1,275 km). From this height each satellite will be able to cover an area on the ground about around 1,300 miles (2,120 km) wide.  The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least $10 billion (£8.03 billion), was first announced in January 2015.  The latest documents, which include technical details of the proposed network, did not mention cost estimates or financing plans.  The application was filed with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission last week. The California-based company, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has proposed an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites, the documents show. The project would bring high-speed internet to all corners of the globe, vastly undercutting existing services in coverage and cost. The system will be able to provide broadband service at speeds of up to 1 Gbps per end user, the application says.  The aim of this network of satellites would be to provide high-speed internet to people around the world.   'The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, governmental and professional users worldwide,' SpaceX wrote in its application.  The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least $10 billion (£8.03 billion), was first announced in January 2015.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Mystery around strange 'alien signals' deepens: Bizarre... Soon you could 'like' a photo with a SMILE: Facebook buys... Welcome to Ben Hur's shopping mall: Scientists uncover... Forget cramming: Having a NAP is just as good as last-minute... Share this article Share 92 shares The satellites will orbit at altitudes ranging from 715 miles (1,150 km) to 790 miles (1,275 km). From this height each satellite will be able to cover an area on the ground spanning about around 1,300 miles (2,120 km) SpaceX CEO Elon Musk (pictured) unveiling his plans to colonize Mars during the International Astronautical Congress in Guadalajara, Mexico, on September 27, 2016 The latest documents, which include technical details of the proposed network, did not mention cost estimates or financing plans.   Financial backers of the company include Alphabet's Google Inc and Fidelity Investments, which together have contributed $1 billion (£0.8bn) to Musk's space launch firm. MUSK'S MAIN COMPETITORS  Google: Just a few months ago, Google began the first tests on its balloon-powered Wi-Fi service, 'Project Loon.'  The concept works using a network of balloons, which travel along the edge of space to bring internet access to even the most remote areas of the world.   Facebook: Solar-powered drones, satellites and lasers are all being developed in the firm's labs to deliver the internet to underdeveloped countries. Small satellite manufacturers: Sierra Nevada and Britain’s Surrey Satellite Technology are both adept at making increasingly cheap small satellites. 'Today, 4.2 billion people (or 57% of the world's population) are offline for a wide range of reasons', according to a report by the UN Broadband Commission earlier this year. Getting high-speed internet to the masses would not be easy, which is why SpaceX would need to launch such a large number of satellites.  According to a database by the Union of Concerned Scientists, there are 1,419 active satellites currently orbiting Earth, so SpaceX's fleet would make it five times bigger. But the satellites proposed by SpaceX will not look like the satellites that currently orbit Earth. Each satellite in SpaceX's planned group will weigh about 850 lbs (386 kg) and be roughly the size of a Mini Cooper. They will orbit at altitudes ranging from 715 miles (1,150 km) to 790 miles (1,275 km). From this height each satellite will be able to cover an area on the ground about around 1,300 miles (2,120 km) wide.  The proposed SpaceX network would begin with the launch of about 800 satellites to expand internet access in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, the FCC filings showed.  Similar internet-via-satellite networks are under development by privately owned OneWeb and by Boeing. Such a system would provide a space-based alternative to cable, fibre-optics and other terrestrial internet access currently available.  The system will be able to provide broadband service at speeds of up to 1 Gbps per end user, the application says. The aim of this network of satellites would be to provide high-speed internet to people around the world ELON MUSK'S 'INTERPLANETARY TRANSPORT SYSTEM'  Last month, Elon Musk unveiled his most ambitious project yet - an 'Interplanetary Transport System' to take mankind to Mars in 80 days and build a sustainable human colony of a million people there. 'What I want to achieve is make Mars seem possible, to show that we can do it in our lifetimes, and you could go,' he said at the International Astronautical Congress in Mexico. However, he warned the trip was likely to be dangerous - and said candidates for the first missions 'must be prepared to die'.   The Interplanetary Transport System will use a giant rocket booster with a 39 foot (12m) diameter and 49 engines, and a special shuttle with a 56 foot (17m) diameter, making the entire rocket stack 400 feet (122m) high.  They will launch with empty fuel tanks and refuel in orbit. Once on Mars, they would make more methane fuel for the return journey.  SpaceX did not say when its launches would occur.   SpaceX's primary business is launching satellites into orbit for government and commercial customers. It also flies cargo supply ships to the International Space Station for Nasa. SpaceX rocket launches have been on hold since a launch pad accident in September that destroyed a $62 million (£49 million) Falcon 9 booster and a $200 million (£160 million) Israeli communications satellite.  The company hopes to resume flights next month. TWO THIRDS OF INTERNET USERS LIVE UNDER CENSORSHIP  Internet freedom around the world has declined in 2016 for the sixth consecutive year, according to a report released today. The Freedom on the Net report by the activist group Freedom House said online freedom was pressured by new restrictions on messaging platforms such as WhatsApp and social networks. Two-thirds of all internet users, 67 per cent, live in countries where criticism of the government, military, or ruling family are subject to censorship. Social media users face unprecedented penalties, as authorities in 38 countries made arrests based on social media posts over the past year.  Globally, 27 per cent of all internet users live in countries where people have been arrested for publishing, sharing, or merely 'liking' content on Facebook. Governments are increasingly going after messaging apps like WhatsApp and Telegram, which can spread information quickly and securely.  Two-thirds of all internet users live in countries where criticism of the government, military, or ruling family are subject to censorship, the new report found. A map showing the worst offenders (dark red) and the least (pale pink) is shown. Grey countries were not assessed Share or comment on this article e-mail 92 shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence The best gift of all: Come home for Xmas with Heathrow Airport Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her NASA camera picks up glowing pink 'UFO' above earth Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Last tiger of Palestine enjoys new freedom in South Africa Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election... President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was... 'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin... 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down... Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are... Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics... All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks... 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and... Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he... The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (18) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Today's headlines Most Read Blast arthritis with an 'Exocet' thumb implant: Using the latest technology... how joint replacement can... New super-Earth is discovered nearby: Exoplanet is found orbiting a star 33 light years away - and there... Does YOUR iPhone 6 Plus screen have 'Touch Disease'? Apple is now offering to fix the issue - for a fee Putin’s new hypersonic missile could reach Britain in 13 MINUTES: Russia boasts of capabilities of weapon... Would you dare visit Jurassic ROBO-park? Watch the rampaging raptors and terrifying T-rex a Japanese... Bill Gates reveals 'noise cancelling for your nose' fragrance that can stop foul stenches by blocking odour... Is volcanic rock the answer to global warming? Study finds it can permanently trap carbon dioxide in just... 'Fishpocalypse': Drone footage shows thousands of dead bunker fish floating in Hamptons canal, confounding... Google teaches its AI to DREAM: Firm hopes technique used by animals (including us) could boost learning... F-35 crisis as Pentagon’s top weapon testing official warns plan to put unfinished $400bn fighters into... Google's smart contact lenses in crisis as partner Novartis abandons plans to trial tech in 2016 California megaquake could be 'more devastating than Katrina' experts warn as 1,200 first responders and... One hundred million pieces of junk hurtling around our planet could spell disaster for future space travel Watch the heart-stopping moment a Tesla's 'instant acceleration' kicks in to avoid being rear ended by... Now Amazon will even sell you a CAR: Fiat Chrysler teams up with retail giant to sell online at a third of... MORE HEADLINES F-35 crisis as Pentagon’s top weapon testing official warns plan to put unfinished $400bn fighters into service puts pilots at 'significant risk' Watch the heart-stopping moment a Tesla's 'instant acceleration' kicks in to avoid being rear ended by motorist Is ET trying to contact us? Astronomers home in on the source of mysterious 'alien signals' heading towards Earth New super-Earth is discovered nearby: Exoplanet is found orbiting a star 33 light years away - and there could be more Stunning new images reveal the mysterious 'crater of light' on Ceres in  unprecedented detail Why hunter-gathering made men so bad at multi-tasking: Men’s traditional role required better spatial awareness while women evolved to care for the family and juggle things at once  Would you dare visit Jurassic ROBO-park? Watch the rampaging raptors and terrifying T-rex a Japanese entrepreneur plans to let loose in 'Dino-A-Live' animatronic theme park One hundred million pieces of junk hurtling around our planet could spell disaster for future space travel Controversial surgeon behind world's first human HEAD transplant reveals virtual reality system to help prepare patients Claims ANOTHER UFO has been spotted hurtling past the international space station as Nasa cuts live feed The 'King of Mars': UFO hunters claim to have found face of an old man wearing a crown on red planet's surface (even though it also looks remarkably like a rock) The North Pole is 36 degrees HOTTER than normal as figures reveal Earth is on track for its warmest year on record California megaquake could be 'more devastating than Katrina' experts warn as 1,200 first responders and hundreds of volunteers simulate how to deal with disaster that could wipe out LA and San Francisco Is swearing a sign of intelligence? People who curse have a larger vocabulary than those who don't Is alien life EVERYWHERE? Radical theory claims it may have become part of 'the fabric of the universe' MOST READ IN DETAIL     Femail Today 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Goldie Hawn turns heads in low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with her partner...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps from the bash Shouldn't One prefer English tea, Meghan? Prince Harry's beaming girlfriend throws herself into work as she returns to the set of Suits Second day of filming 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie An A-list selfie 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga's birthday by posting a topless snap of them embracing Racy Instagram post 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight The fracas was caught on camera 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Clutching a pom pom 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken The kids were dressed up for the cameras Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Apt outfit It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Catch up What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Filmed giving his new sibling a kiss Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  Looked sensational Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he takes aim at rapper's wife Beyoncé, Hillary Clinton and Mark Zuckerberg Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Justin Bieber shows off darker hairdo as he rocks Metallica T-Shirt on tour in Italy ahead of satellite performance at American Music Awards Trying something new It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot Temperature dip Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event She always turns heads on the red carpet Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London The 38-year-old singer cut a chic figure Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Figure-hugging jeans Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence in mocking SNL skit  'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley gets sick of hearing his songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London Eye-catching ensemble Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Admitted she's got to know herself. New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Wrapped up for the November chill Queen is in danger of losing the Guard at Buckingham Palace as Royal protection suffers its worst recruitment crisis in its history  Manpower targets 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  Second time as host Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopping outfit Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story of Queen Lilibet?  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Opened up All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  Rock band The Police 'offered over $9 million to reunite with Sting for the first time in eight years for Desert Trip music festival in 2017' 'Oldchella' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini The 41-year-old looks incredible 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' We are family! Elsa Pataky enjoys a day at the beach with her children in Australia's Byron Bay She left her life in LA for Australia Can YOU tell the difference between cheap and high-end make up? YouTube star puts different brands to the test... with surprising results! Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park He donned shades on day with his boys 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video Rapper-actor Ice-T is the daddy Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Channing Tatum's wife 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean Girls star Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors The 32-year-old was in Marina Del Rey  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  The 25-year-old was spotted in Hollywood  What a catch! Bikini-clad Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip to the Bahamas Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Took to Snapchat Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA The 18-year-old Modern Family star  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Speaking out Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Gas stop 'Grab My Fair Lady By The P***y': Twitter users troll Vice President-Elect Mike Pence by making up musicals about him after he was booed at Hamilton 'Couldn't even memorize lines!': Trump continues Twitter feud with Hamilton cast by tweeting out an attack - only to delete it moments later Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Golden Globe nominee  Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside He is playing a charity gig there Shuttered! Richard Simmons's landmark LA fitness studio closes its doors as reclusive star stays away telling fans 'I'm not good with endings' Gwyneth Paltrow looks confused as her makeup artist attempts contouring technique minutes before she hits the Airbnb Open stage in LA Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it The pair split in June 2015 Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Showcased her enviable physique  'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' 'The stars have aligned': Model Jessica Gomes gushes about her life falling into place after finding love with Australian actor Xavier Samuel  Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard Fall fun at the Biermann residence! Kim Zolciak's kids excitedly play with fallen leaves in the family's yard She is a mom- of-six Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Headed out in West Hollywood Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Instagram snap 'My life is amazing now... I live in paradise and travel around the world': Woman loses over 30kg and becomes a yoga teacher after weighing 95kg at just 16  'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He was one of the first investors in Airbnb Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the weather in Miami Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  The 50-year-old was in Los Angeles  'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Mom-to-be Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Embarrassment for VP-elect Mike Pence as Hamilton cast STOPS show to address him directly about their fears - after audience BOOED him throughout  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing schedule promoting Rules Don't Apply Burning the candle at both ends  So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous physique again... after laughing off the rumors about his manhood Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Their daughter is three Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a revealing green dress at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to jokes she's had a boob job PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: No more shedding for the wedding! Mariah Carey eats pizza with her backing dancer... as talks with ex break down 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Posted to Instagram  He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumors swirl about ex J Lo Attractive backing singer 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer at a London holiday festival  David and Victoria Beckham's eldest son was given a ticking off  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa Middleton attempts to end rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Brit talkshow host Parkinson finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later LIZ JONES: Grumpy old men sitting around in dad jeans... that's great TV?  'This is basically a TV show about old men sitting down' Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Spaghetti strap dress Twitter accounts including Charlie Sheen and The New Yorker hacked for spam ads Dozens of famous Twitter accounts were hacked She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony Spotted on the New York City set on Friday It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson Committed to making the relationship work GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been asked to pen some tracks GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Where's the bling? Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life... as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him when they first met    'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs One day away The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  New season trends 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself They also got the chance to enjoythe Christmas show Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Working hard on their bodies 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople'  'I need someone who can stimulate me regularly': Extra TV's Renee Bargh gets candid about what she wants in a man during lingerie-clad shoot Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer She was surrounded by loved ones and members of her band Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig 29-year-old hitmaker Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Enjoying a spot of sightseeing HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  She is the wife of Duran Duran singer Simon Le Bon Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Dressing like he's 24 Angelina Jolie returns to spotlight for first time since bitter divorce to campaign for children at International Criminal Court She's an Oscar winner  A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Popular Netflix series Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro TV personality I want $30m for Fake Sheikh sting: Fergie launches multi-million pound legal battle for lost earnings and humiliation over Prince Andrew cash-for-access scandal  His better half! Jason Biggs' wife Jenny Mollen wows in red as they attend animal charity bash His wife stole the spotlight on Friday night Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Dressed to impress 'THIS is not okay': Emmy Rossum responds to anti-semitic tweets from Trump supporters who use hashtag 'Sieg Heil' Hitting out Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town They are busy working parents  Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer Never fails to make any ensemble ooze glamor Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Winter has finally arrived in Los Angeles His neck of the woods: Al Roker opens the doors to the luxurious Manhattan brownstone he shares with wife Deborah Roberts and their children  Heavily pregnant Molly Sims covers her bump in a stylish faux fur gilet as she enjoys dinner ahead of her due date She is expecting her third child Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner She looked sensational Bachelorette star Jordan Rodgers' NFL star brother Aaron 'hasn't spoken to his family in two years'... and even skipped his grandfather's funeral We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA She appeared in good spirits It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Californian style Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed - after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Got very passionate Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Proved his family issues had been resolved Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Flashed her enviably taut stomach Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Tthe Kardashian matriarch looked a vision in black and red 'I love you so much my heart could explode!' Country star Dan Smyers pops the question to girlfriend Abby Law during romantic trip to Hawaii Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Navy blue jumpsuit, bow-tied with a white belt 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog He has been busy lately promoting his upcoming thriller Gold 'You don't know the meaning of STRUGGLE': Twitter users are less than sympathetic as Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA She showed off her flair for fashion Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  Getting down to business! Lucy Hale looks loved up as she walks through Adelaide Airport with boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta Pretty Little Liars star Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball The 30-year-old was Turning heads Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot Award-winning actress 'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick The busty pair posed for a selfie together 'Everybody's got their stuff': Kate Gosselin says son Collin is 'chugging along' as she provides update on his treatment away from home  They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Striking resemblance Is Meghan the missing Middleton? Prince Harry's new love looks so like Kate AND Pippa they could all be sisters Kate is known for her gleaming smile  Odell Beckham Jr loses $10,000 diamond-encrusted pinky ring while dancing at a strip club in the Bronx and is offering a reward for its return  Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York The 49-year-old actor strolled with his boys Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills Twins! EXCLUSIVE: Kathy Griffin reveals on how she saw Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks, was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm and had a Twitter war with Demi Lovato in new memoir Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal She just got a new tattoo of a spade on her wrist Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo as she got set to hit an ice-rink in Van Nuys, California Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  Donned shades 'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video The father-of-two shows his softer side  The Kelly diet: Megyn hawks new memoir to those looking to shed some pounds, revealing that her top-secret weight loss tips are in her book 'Integrity is our only true currency': Designer who dressed Michelle Obama vows NEVER to work with Melania Trump and urges others to follow her lead Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime She was spotted multi-tasking Sabotage! Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch Park playground in New York defaced with swastikas and pro-Trump graffiti Disgusted New Yorkers tweeted pictures 'Do you swallow or spit?' Demi Lovato's UFC boyfriend Luke Rockhold was kicked off Millionaire Matchmaker for being a creep Clips from the show resurfaced Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Her representative Judy Miller Silverman says she died Friday at a Cooperstown hospital in New York surrounded by her band Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  She's the daughter of Lionel Richie All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Posing up a storm 'It is so lovely being back': Rose Byrne says baby Rocco will celebrate his first Christmas in Sydney... as she arrives Down Under with partner Bobby Cannavale From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more GADGET REVIEWS Google's Daydream: The $79 headset that could bring VR to the masses Google's $79 headset is superb in terms of hardware - but is currently let down by a lack of apps. However, it has absolutely huge potential to finally bring VR to the masses. Welcome Home: Google's $130 smart speaker Google's smart Home speaker still has a lot of learning to do, and loses out to Amazon's Echo in some areas - but has incredible potential 'Not quite an iPhone replacement': Google's Pixel phone Google's Pixel handset is good, and boasts an amazing camera and smart assistant. It's the king of the Android handsets - but still not great. Xbox One S review: Console that will make your 4K TV shine Microsoft's Xbox One S has shrunk the giant console by 40%, and is stunningly designed console with 4K HDR capabilities - but comes with some caveats. The $1,000 wireless speaker that really IS worth the price: Naim Mu-so Qb review Naim's incredible Mu-So Qb takes you back to the good old days - where the music captivates and enthralls, rather that simply being something in the background. The hi-tech $2,000 spin bike that really could change your life Peloton's hi-tech bike lets you stream live and on demand rides to your home - and it's one of the best examples of fitness technology out there - at a price. Apple's new 9.7inch iPad Pro is a powerhouse you can take anywhere Apple has added a few improvements to the smaller version, creating a tablet that is astonishingly powerful, but, unlike its big brother, is something you'll be able to carry everywhere. A familiar old friend that could be the perfect starter phone: Dailymail.com's verdict on the iPhone SE The new iPhone SE has a 4inch screen and familiar design - but has had a huge upgrade on the inside, making this a perfect first time iPhone. Speaker that looks as good as its sounds: B&W Zeppelin Wireless review It's not cheap, but the $699 (£500) Zeppelin Wireless is perfect for the design conscious music fan. The iPad grows up: Apple's iPad Pro The iPad Pro is, for many, a real laptop replacement - and a way to combine work and play in a gadget that will last all day and won't break your back to carry. 'A glimpse into the future of the living room': The new Apple TV Apple says apps are the future of TV, and while its new $149 box does have some issues, its combination of streaming services, games and other apps make it the best way to make your TV smart. The end of wonky wifi: Google's OnHub It's incredibly simple to set up, and we found it tripled the speed of our home wifi connection - but at $199 is expensive.. The best all in one wireless speaker you'll ever hear: Naim Mu-so review It might not be a name familiar to the US market, but Naim is a legendary British brand hoping to make a splash with the American launch of its $1499 Mu:So speaker. From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more Download our iPhone app Download our Android app Next story The elusive spider that looks just like a LEAF: Arachnid lurks in trees and has remained hidden for years 35 comments SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. IndiatimesThe Times of IndiaThe Economic TimesMore More Sign In / Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus Linked In RSS YouTube Defence Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio News Defence Company Corporate TrendsDeals Industry Economy AgricultureFinanceForeign TradeIndicatorsInfrastructurePolicy Politics and Nation International BusinessWorld News India Unlimited Swachh BharatMake in IndiaSmart Cities24X7 PowerModel VillagesFinancial InclusionTax ReformsDigital GovernanceVisit IndiaCSRNewsPolicyAnalysis & TrendsInitiatives Sports More SciencePress ReleasesEnvironmentClean Air InitiativeGlobal WarmingThe Good EarthDevelopmental IssuesFlora & FaunaPollutionWild & WackyEarth SummitET TVLatest NewsMost ReadMost SharedMost Commented Mobility & WeaponsEquipment & OrdnanceCommunication & CyberMultimediaAnalysis & Geo-StrategyInternal SecurityIndustryPeopleInternationalPolicy & Govt You are here: ET Home›News›Defence 04:05 PM | 18 Novmarket stats SENSEX 26,150-77.38 NIFTY 50 8,074-5.85 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,970-161.00 USD/INR 68.130.30 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - Hindi GUJ - Gujarati MAR - Marathi BEN - Bengali KAN - Kannada ORI - Oriya TEL - Telugu TAM - Tamil Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW ET Defence Bulletin: Stories you should not miss (November 17, 2016) By ECONOMICTIMES.COM | Updated: Nov 17, 2016, 07.58 PM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » US | Super Hornet | Pakistan army | make in India | LoC | howitzers | ET Defence Bulletin ET Defence Bulletin: Stories you should not miss (November 17, 2016) NEW DELHI: Below is a list of the top defence stories of today. India 1) After the infamous Bofors scandal of the mid-1980s torpedoed all its artillery modernisation plans, the Army will begin inducting its first modern 155mm howitzers from mid-2017 onwards. 2) Proposing the setting up of a new, futuristic factory for an upcoming Make in India fighter program, Boeing has said that it is in talks with multiple Indian stakeholders to gear it for the production of the indigenous advanced medium combat aircraft (AMCA). Click here to know everything about the F/A 18 Super Hornet 3) Indian Army today rejected the claims made by Pakistan's Army chief that his men killed 11 Indian soldiers in cross border firing along the LoC. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! FROM AROUND THE WEB Weird Tractors That Make No Sense - Wait till you see #1 Mentertained Monica Lewinsky Reveals Who She Voted For, And It's Not Wh.. Tomorrowoman 8 Beautiful Virginia Waterfalls to Visit This Season Visit Virginia MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Corporate & Industry Makemytrip to start cash on delivery soon Biz & Entrepreneurship From Around the Web More from The Economic Times Longevity Scientists Explain What They Believe Is Key To H.. Fast Company | Elysium Health Top 10 Most-Anticipated Superyachts Coming to the 2016 Mon.. Robb Report How to Pack Light for Any Trip Citi This Article Will Change The Way You Buy Glasses Forever GlassesUSA.com Kashmir bursts into life after 4 months of closure Donald Trump says Ford not moving US plant to Mexico Rs 91 lakh worth old notes found in Minister’s car VoLTE will not be an overnight success in India: Ericsson READ MORE ON » US | Super Hornet | Pakistan army | make in India | LoC | howitzers | ET Defence Bulletin Follow this section for latest news on Defence EmailRSS To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented View: Narendra Modi takes a great leap backwards. Mao would approve Demonetisation gives birth to parallel economy of old Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 notes Helpless citizen 'warrior against corruption' in PM Modi's note-ban bid Bank account violators will face 7 years jail: Income Tax department View: Back to the future from food rationing to cash rationing! More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebBudget 2017|Sensex, Nifty Live Blog Gold Rate|US Presidential Elections Live Updates Festival Guide 2016|​Google expected to unveil Pixel smartphones Live: India's surgical strikes on PoK Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2016 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian Change editions from the US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines UK news world news politics environment business tech science money headlines US election US news world environment business US politics tech science money headlines australia news world news australian politics environment economy immigration indigenous australia media tech headlines world news UK news environment business tech science cities development opinion opinion home Polly Toynbee Owen Jones Marina Hyde George Monbiot Gary Younge Nick Cohen more columnists the guardian view our cartoonists opinion home Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning more columnists opinion home first dog on the moon Katharine Murphy Kristina Keneally Richard Ackland Van Badham Lenore Taylor Jason Wilson Brigid Delaney more columnists opinion home columnists the guardian view cartoons sport sport home football cricket rugby union F1 tennis golf cycling boxing racing rugby league US sports sport home soccer NFL MLS MLB NBA NHL tennis sport home football australia sport AFL NRL a-league cricket rugby union tennis cycling sport home football cricket rugby union F1 tennis golf cycling boxing US sports arts culture home film tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical culture home film tv & radio music art & design books stage classical games culture home film music tv & radio books stage art & design games culture home film tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical life lifestyle home fashion food travel love & sex family home & garden health & fitness women tech lifestyle home fashion food travel love & sex family home & garden health & fitness women tech lifestyle home food family love & sex health & fitness home & garden women travel fashion lifestyle home fashion food travel love & sex family home & garden health & fitness women tech What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe become a supporter subscribe become a supporter subscribe become a supporter subscribe Sign in my account Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out apps jobs dating professional masterclasses courses holidays today's paper the observer crosswords apps jobs crosswords video apps masterclasses crosswords video apps dating jobs masterclasses today's paper the observer crosswords video Facebook Twitter sign in Saved for later Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International The Guardian home › tech home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close tech Elon Musk Elon Musk Elon Musk wants to cover the world with internet from space SpaceX requests permission from US government to operate network of 4,425 satellites to provide high-speed, global internet coverage Elon Musk said earlier in the year that his satellite plan would cost at least $10bn. Photograph: Ringo H.W. Chiu/AP Samuel Gibbs and agencies Thursday 17 November 2016 09.41 EST Last modified on Friday 18 November 2016 07.28 EST Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close The Tesla CEO, Elon Musk, is planning to put more than 4,000 satellites in orbit in order to blanket the Earth with internet access. SpaceX, the privateer space company led by Musk, is requesting permission from the US government to operate a massive network of 4,425 satellites - plus “in-orbit spares” - to provide high-speed, global internet coverage. Documents filed with the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) on Tuesday propose an initial launch of 800 satellites to create an orbiting digital communications array to cover the US, including Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands. In the filing, SpaceX said: “The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, government and professional users worldwide.” Such a system would provide a space-based alternative to cable, fiber-optics and the other terrestrial internet access currently available. SpaceX is not the first to propose such a system. Similar internet-via-satellite networks are under development by privately owned OneWeb and by Boeing, while a $200m satellite leased by Facebook’s Internet.org initiative, which has a similar goal of providing global internet access, was destroyed in an explosion of the SpaceX launch vehicle contracted to send it into orbit. Each satellite SpaceX proposes to put into orbit, without its solar panels extended, is the size of an average car, measuring 4m by 1.8 by 1.2m and weighing 386kg. SpaceX has not set a date for the satellite launches, but said that they would orbit in a range between 714 miles and 823 miles above the Earth. Musk said in January 2015 that the plan would cost at least $10bn. It gained $1bn in funding from Google for the project. Google has been attempting to perform a similar feat, blanketing the globe in internet access, using high-altitude balloons. Facebook’s other internet initiatives have revolved around the use of high-altitude solar-powered drones. SpaceX operates a satellite launching business, with contracts with Nasa for supplying the International Space Station - the first privateer space firm to do so. But its rocket launches have been on hiatus since 1 September following the Falcon 9 booster explosion. The company hopes to resume launch operations next month. SpaceX founder Elon Musk plans to get humans to Mars in six years Topics Elon Musk SpaceX Satellites Space Internet Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home election 2016 US world opinion sports soccer tech selected arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home election 2016 US world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech selected arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Technology › Elon Musk Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2016 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Open Applications Group (OAGi) Announces Oracle Enterprise Business Objects (EBOs) Contributed to OAGi Reinforces Oracle Commitment to Open Standards News provided by Open Applications Group, Inc. Nov 17, 2016, 05:00 ET Share this article ATLANTA, Nov. 17, 2016 /PRNewswire/ -- OAGi (www.oagi.org) today announced that Oracle has contributed its Core Enterprise Business Objects (EBOs) to OAGi. Oracle EBOs are a complete library of more than 90 business object definitions used by Oracle to integrate products from different Oracle application products and product families.  EBOs are based on an earlier release of OAGIS and have been contributed in order to harmonize with the current version of OAGIS and preserve an upgrade path for EBO customers. "Oracle has always been a strong supporter of standards and OAGi in particular for our application offerings. Contributing Oracle's OAGIS-based work back to OAGi is a natural extension of our application standards strategy and we look forward to a continuing a collaborative relationship with OAGi and its stakeholders for many years to come," said Garret Minakawa, Director, SCM Product Strategy at Oracle. In response to this contribution, OAGi has formed an AIA EBO Working Group to analyze each of the business objects and begin the process of merging them into the OAGIS standard. "Oracle's contribution to the Open Applications Group will allow us to leverage the improvements to the standards that we support, use, and help develop," said Kevin Himka, Senior Information Integration Architect – The Boeing Company. "Collaborating on industry standards like OAGIS ensures that we are using the same common business language which makes life easier for our customers and suppliers."  "We are pleased about Oracle's contribution to the Open Applications Group. This provides a transition plan for the Oracle Enterprise Business Objects and ensures risk mitigation for our investment," said Joel Lipetzky, Director of Integration and e-Business for Land O'Lakes.  "We are strong believers and promoters of OAGIS as the syntax-neutral standard for the future, leveraging it as our canonical model and using it in numerous APIs." About OAGi: OAGi is a member-based non-for-profit open standards development organization focused on building business process based data exchange standards for Mobile, Cloud Computing, Business to Business, and Enterprise interoperability. For information on joining the OAGi community and/or to download the OAGIS Specification for free, go to http://www.oagi.org, or contact them below. David Connelly CEO, Open Applications Group, Inc. 1 770-331-8636 dmconnelly@oagi.org Trademarks Oracle and Java are registered trademarks of Oracle and/or its affiliates. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/open-applications-group-oagi-announces-oracle-enterprise-business-objects-ebos-contributed-to-oagi-300364456.html SOURCE Open Applications Group, Inc. Related Links http://www.openapplications.org My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Open Applications Group (OAGi) Announces Oracle Enterprise Business Objects (EBOs) Contributed to OAGi News provided by Open Applications Group, Inc. Nov 17, 2016, 05:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2016 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations TechEye Home Business Software Chips Mobile Internet Security Review Desktop Software Graphics cards Laptops Mobile apps Mobiles Peripherals Storage Tablets Workstations Menu Space X wants to build a satellite internet Posted on November 17, 2016 by Mike Magee - News Private rocket outfit SpaceX is asking the US government to approval its cunning plan to operate a massive satellite network that would provide high-speed, global internet coverage. According to its US Federal Communications Commission application, Space X plans an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites. The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least $10 billion, was first announced in January 2015. Signed up to the project are Google and Fidelity Investments, which together have contributed $1 billion to Musk’s space launch firm. The proposed SpaceX network would begin with the launch of about 800 “care sized” satellites to expand internet access in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands. “The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, government and professional users worldwide,” SpaceX said in technical documents accompanying its filing. It is not the only outfit planning this. Similar internet-via-satellite arrays are under development by privately owned OneWeb and by Boeing. The system would provide a space-based alternative to cable, fibre-optics and other terrestrial internet access currently available. However, it will be more expensive and probably require higher powered phones. SpaceX did not say when its launches would occur. The satellites would be launched into orbits ranging from 714 miles to 823 miles above the planet. Tags: space, Space X, US Virgin Islands Search for: Recent Articles Apple finally releases cure for touch disease The fruity tax-dodging cargo cult also known as Apple has finally released a cure for “a problem” in[...] Three was hacked One of Blighty's biggest mobile phone companies, Three, has been hacked and its customer upgrade dat[...] Telcos likely to have supreme power over Google After all its years being in bed with the Obama administration, the search engine Google might sudde[...] Germany mulls fining Facebook over hate speech Germany's Justice Minister thinks that the social notworking site Facebook should be treated like a [...] Too many Chinese CEOs in Silicon Valley Donald Trump’s top advisor claims that there are too many Chinese CEOs in Silicon Valley, in a state[...] © 2016 TechEye.
null
Home India news Boost for Indian Army! M777 howitzer guns deal approved by CCS; set to be signed in coming weeks: Report Boost for Indian Army! M777 howitzer guns deal approved by CCS; set to be signed in coming weeks: Report After being blocked for years, the M777 howitzer guns deal, may finally see the light of the day, with the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) reportedly giving its nod. By: FE Online | Published: November 17, 2016 1:29 PM BAE Systems claims that the M777 howitzer is a “highly portable” in the defence arsenal of any country. (US Army photo) After being blocked for years, the M777 howitzer guns deal, may finally see the light of the day, with the Cabinet Committee on Security (CCS) reportedly giving its nod. According to a report in ToI, the CCS, led by PM Narendra Modi, has given the green signal for acquisition of 145 M777 ultra-light howitzers for the Indian Army. The deal will be a government-to-government one with the US, and is likely to be for around Rs 5,000 crore. The deal is said to have a 30% offset clause, and is expected to be signed in the coming weeks. The M777 howitzer gun is manufactured by BAE Systems. Out of the 145 guns for India, 120 will be “assembled, integrated and tested” in India. BAE is tieing up with Mahindra for this purpose. BAE Systems claims that the M777 howitzer is a “highly portable” in the defence arsenal of any country. The gun is portable by land, sea and air. This means that the system can be easily moved and re-deployed as per the defence forces need. The gun has a maximum unassisted range of 24.7 km and an assisted range of 30 plus km. BAE claims that the gun can be used to fire 5 rounds per minute for up to 2 minutes. It can easily be lifted by helicopters like the Chinook, which India has already ordered from Boeing. Also read: M777 howitzer guns: Why they will be formidable firepower against China The gun is likely to add in a big way to the Indian Army’s firepower, especially in the Eastern sector. This implies that with the M777, India will get formidable capability against China. India has been moving to aggressively ramp up its defence prepardness in the Eastern region, a move that has also raised eyebrows in China. Recently, an Indian Air Force (IAF) C-17 Globemaster aircraft landed at the ALG (Advanced Landing Ground) in Arunachal Pradesh’s Mechuka. Arunachal Pradesh has several ALGs at varying altitudes, each one of them stragic assets. In August this year, IAF inaugurated the upgraded Pasighat Advanced Landing Ground (ALG) in Arunachal Pradesh by landing a Sukhoi-30 MKI. Recently India placed an order for four more Boeing P-8I (Poseidons) long-range surveillance and reconnaissance aircraft. P-8Is are often called the “hawk eyes” of the Indian Navy in the Indian Ocean region. India will start getting these P-8Is by 2020. India is also looking to develop a new BrahMos missile with a significantly longer range, than its current 290 km. A greater range for BrahMos would imply that India’s power to strike would get an unprecedented fillip, especially against China. Please Wait while comments are loading... Trending Now Cigarettes worth Rs 6 cr stolen in Visakhapatnam Akshay Kumar is the hero in '2.0', says Rajnikanth Sharad Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project PM Narendra Modi speech: Top 5 key takeaways Rajinikanth most amazing man, have lot of respect for him: Salman Khan WB Chief Minister Mamata Banerjee flays PM Narendra Modi over chit fund 'scam' charge People crave more for Wi-Fi than sex, chocolate, alcohol: Study Sania Mirza shares heartwarming message on her sister’s wedding Little respite for Delhi on Sunday: Banks shut, ATMs dry Robot 2.0 first look: Rajinikanth, Akshay Kumar launch first look poster of Shankar's upcoming sequeal Patna-Indore train accident: Journey to attend wedding turns nightmare for Bhopal family  EDITOR’S PICKS MSDE to seek Cabinet nod to set up ITIs in 2,500 blocks Mastercard, Visa hail government's demonetisation move Infosys chief Narayana Murthy rues Americans failure to ink history through Hillary Clinton Thippagondanahalli tragedy: Missing actor Raghav Uday's body found Barack Obama campaigns for Hillary Clinton, for the last time as a President US Presidential Elections: Voters say they might leave America if 'lunatic, racist, anti-national' Donald Trump wins US presidential elections: Here's what will happen in Congress especially if Hillary Clinton wins Lady Gaga calls Melania Trump’s anti-bullying campaign ‘hypocrisy’ Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved. SECTIONS Home Markets Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story
Sign In OR Sign in using your myStatesman.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORDForgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your myStatesman.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORDForgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your myStatesman.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORDForgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder.Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password.Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Jobs Classifieds Help -- Local In Local Weather Elections Texas News & Politics Crime Investigations Opinion Education Health Austin History U.S./World Politics In Politics Texas News & Politics First Reading blog Sports In Sports Longhorns High School Area Pro Teams College Stats Horns Business In Business 512tech Real Estate Austin360 In Austin360 Music Movies & TV Travel Lifestyle Puzzles & Games Pam LeBlanc's Fit City Featured In Featured Interactives Investigations Food In Food The Feed Relish Austin Austin Restaurant News Austin Dining Guide E-Paper Log Out Log In Subscribeas low as 99¢ -- Subscribeas low as 99¢ Log Out Log In Subscribeas low as 99¢ Local Weather Elections Texas News & Politics Crime Investigations Opinion Education Health Austin History U.S./World Politics Texas News & Politics First Reading blog Sports Longhorns High School Area Pro Teams College Stats Horns Business 512tech Real Estate Austin360 Music Movies & TV Travel Lifestyle Puzzles & Games Pam LeBlanc's Fit City Featured Interactives Investigations Food The Feed Relish Austin Austin Restaurant News Austin Dining Guide E-Paper Subscribeas low as 99¢ Weather and Traffic -- Log Out Log In Close Business Digest: U.S. factory production edges up in October Business By Staff - American-Statesman staff 0 ﻿ Posted: 4:22 p.m. Wednesday, Nov. 16, 2016 ECONOMY U.S. factory production edges up in October WASHINGTON — U.S. factory output rose slightly in October, aided by greater production of automobiles, home electronics and appliances. The Federal Reserve said Wednesday that manufacturing production improved 0.2 percent last month, matching the gain in September. The broader industrial production category, which includes mining and utilities, was flat as warmer weather reduced the demand for heating. Manufacturers have endured a brutal year that crimped sales and hiring. The relatively strong dollar made U.S. goods more expensive overseas, hurting exports, while ow energy prices dried up demand for drilling equipment and pipelines. Businesses became cautious about investing in machinery. The seeds of a rebound in factory output began this summer as manufacturers adapted to these obstacles. Still, over the past 12 months, factory production has fallen 0.2 percent. ECONOMY Wholesale inflation flat in October WASHINGTON — U.S. producer prices were unchanged in October as the price of services fell, another sign that inflationary pressure remains modest. The Labor Department said Wednesday that its producer price index was flat last month after rising 0.3 percent in September. Services prices fell 0.3 percent, pulled down by a record 5.7 percent drop in the price of brokerage and other financial services. The services drop was offset by a 0.4 percent increase in the prices of goods, including a 2.5 percent increase in wholesale energy prices. Core inflation, which strips out volatile food and energy prices, fell 0.2 percent in October. The producer price index measures cost pressures before they reach consumers. Inflation has stayed well below the Federal Reserve’s 2 percent annual target. Low oil prices — currently well below $50 a barrel — have helped keep inflation in check. Over the past year, producer prices have risen 0.8 percent, modest but still the highest annual gain December 2014. Core inflation was up 1.2 percent annually. HOUSING MARKET U.S. homebuilder confidence holds steady in November U.S. homebuilders’ confidence held steady this month, though their expectations for sales into next year dimmed slightly. The National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo builder sentiment index released Wednesday was unchanged at 63. That’s two points below September’s reading, which was the highest in nearly a year, and up one point from a year ago. Readings above 50 indicate more builders view sales conditions as good rather than poor. The index has been above 60 the past three months after hovering in the high 50s much of this year. The latest builder sentiment index is in line with what analysts polled by FactSet were expecting. Builders’ view of current sales held steady from last month, while a gauge of traffic by prospective buyers edged higher. But their outlook for sales over the next six months declined slightly. Even so, builders remain optimistic overall about new home sales, which are running ahead of last year’s pace. AEREOSPACE Boeing to cut some jobs, move others ST. LOUIS — Boeing Co. plans to move about 2,500 positions to other sites, cut 500 jobs and close two facilities by the end of 2020 in an effort to make its Defense, Space & Security business more efficient, the company said Tuesday. About 1,600 positions currently in Huntington Beach, California, will move to plants in three other Southern California locations — El Segundo, Long Beach and Seal Beach. About 500 positions will move to St. Louis County in Missouri, and 400 will shift to Huntsville, Alabama. Chicago-based Boeing will close a plant that employs 290 people in in El Paso, Texas, and another that employs 70 people in Newington, Virginia. The company said the moves will reduce facility space by about 4.5 million square feet. The Huntington Beach plant will remain open. Boeing spokesman Ken Smith declined to say how many workers will remain there. The company will move an unspecified number of jobs from Kent, Washington, to Tukwila, Washington. The two towns are just 16 miles apart. Popular Reader Comments Next Up in Business 2 Benefits of Using Personal Loans To Consolidate Debt MoneyTipsOver the past few years, the number of personal loans issued has risen significantly. During 2013, around 10 million people utilized these... Take Advantage Of Travel Credit Cards In November MoneyTipsAs the holiday season approaches, people might be thinking more about gift-giving than of taking out a new credit card. How the Military Shaped my Approach to Personal Finance MoneyTipsJeff Rose, CFP (@jeffrose), of GoodFinancialCents.com believes we can learn a lot about finances from the military, and he ought to know. Rising Rates Cause Mortgage Applications To Drop MoneyTipsThe Mortgage Bankers Association (MBA) has revealed that mortgage applications have dropped by 1. Social Media Profiles Used For Credit Approval MoneyTipsThere may have been a time when the idea that social media would be used to leverage creditworthiness seemed ludicrous. Military Spending Around The World (Infographic) MoneyTipsOur recent infographic on how your federal tax dollars are spent showed how much went to the US military. Retirement Tips for the Military MoneyTipsWhen Doug Nordman (@MilitaryGuid) retired from the military, he sensed a need for a retirement roadmap for service members, veterans and... Post-Election Mortgage Rates Rise Towards Seven-Month High MoneyTipsMortgage rates have risen even higher after the surprise election of Donald Trump as the 45th president of the United States. Mortgage Refinancing Opportunities After The Election MoneyTipsMany homeowners may have had doubts and questions about whether to refinance their mortgages over the past few months. Average FICO Score Hits Record MoneyTipsCongratulations, America! You've done a great job with your credit. Your average FICO credit score reached 699 in April 2016, at the upper... Five Fun Financial Facts: Harry Potter MoneyTipsFantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them opens this month as the latest entry in J.K. Rowling's Wizarding World. 2 More Keys To Buying A Used Car MoneyTipsMany people across the U.S. turn to auto loans when it comes to buying a car, but not everyone is in the right financial circumstances to... Credit Cards Offer Better Fraud Management MoneyTipsDespite many Americans using credit cards, a report in 2014 found that 43 percent of people preferred using debit cards to make payments. Grab This Once-A-Year Tax Break MoneyTipsFall is here, which means that it is time for the annual running of the workplace benefits gantlet. Mortgage Market Could Evolve Fast Due To Regulatory Change MoneyTipsWith the election outcome now known and Donald Trump named as the next U.S. President, the mortgage sector is likely to see many changes in... More Stories News MyStatesman.com Investigations Obituaries News Tips Archives Newsroom Directory Sign up for Newsletters Sign up for Mobile Alerts Austin360.com Statesman.com PolitifactTexas Hookem.com ¡ahora sí! Customer Service Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Digital Products Get Access Website feedback Technical Support FAQs Our Community Work Here Marketplace Cars Jobs Homes Advertise with Us Social Media Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Tumblr More...Top © 2016 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group Enterprise Feedback Management Survey Software You have reached your limit of free articles this month. Enjoy unlimited access to myStatesman.com. Starting at just 99¢ for 8 weeks. GREAT REASONS TO SUBSCRIBE TODAY! IN-DEPTH REPORTING INTERACTIVE STORYTELLING NEW TOPICS & COVERAGE ePAPER Already a Paid Subscriber?I have a login for digital accessI need to create a login for digital access VIEW ALL OFFERS X You have read of free premium articles. Get unlimited access to all of our breaking news, in-depth coverage and bonus content- exclusively for subscribers. Starting at just 99¢ for 8 weeks. VIEW ALL OFFERS Already a Paid Subscriber?I have a login for digital accessI need to create a login for digital access X Welcome to myStatesman.com This subscriber-only site gives you exclusive access to breaking news, in-depth coverage, exclusive interactives and bonus content. You can read free articles of your choice a month that are only available on myStatesman.com. Already a Paid Subscriber?I have a login for digital accessI need to create a login for digital access CONTINUE TO YOUR 1ST FREE ARTICLE
FIRSTPOST TECH2 FAKING NEWS News & Analysis Reviews Startup Gaming Biztech Auto Videos TechFirstpost most commented Airtel Open Network: Will it address call drops or is it just a marketing gimmick? By Naina Khedekar 39   Comments Airtel offers 3G/4G data at Rs 51 per GB in special scheme to check Reliance Jio effect 12   Comments Twitter testing in-line Subscribe button for Android app By Nimish Sawant 2   Comments WhatsApp to withdraw support for Symbian and BlackBerry devices from 31 December By Aditya Madanapalle 2   Comments 5 reasons President-elect Donald Trump may impact Tesla CEO Elon Musk’s SpaceX 1   Comments more from #SpaceX SpaceX broadband satellite constellation is more ambitious than previous such failed attempts 5 reasons President-elect Donald Trump may impact Tesla CEO Elon Musk's SpaceX Elon Musk closes Tesla-SolarCity deal with 85 percent approval in the vote Top Reviews Pixel XL (32GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 67,000 iPhone 7 Plus (256GB) Editor rating : 8 Price: 92,000 ThinkPad X1 Carbon (Core i5-6300U) Editor rating : 8 Price: 106,000 XPS 13 Core i7 (Z560035HIN9) Editor rating : 8 Price: 133,000 Z2 Plus (4GB RAM/64GB) Editor rating : 7.5 Price: 19,999 You are here: Home > News & Analysis> Elon Musk lead SpaceX submits request with US for satellite based global internet network #SpaceX Image: Associated Press 0   17 Nov 2016 , 12:15 Private rocket launch service SpaceX is requesting government approval to operate a massive satellite network that would provide high-speed, global internet coverage, according to newly filed documents with the U.S. Federal Communications Commission. The California-based company, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has proposed an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites, the documents filed on Tuesday show. The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least $10 billion, was first announced in January 2015. The latest documents, which include technical details of the proposed network, did not mention cost estimates or financing plans.  Financial backers of the company, whose full name is Space Exploration Technologies Corp, include Alphabet’s Google Inc and Fidelity Investments, which together have contributed $1 billion to Musk’s space launch firm. The proposed SpaceX network would begin with the launch of about 800 satellites to expand internet access in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands, the FCC filings showed. “The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, government and professional users worldwide,” SpaceX said in technical documents accompanying its filing. Similar internet-via-satellite networks are under development by privately owned OneWeb and by Boeing Co. Such a system would provide a space-based alternative to cable, fiber-optics and other terrestrial internet access currently available. SpaceX did not say when its launches would occur. The satellites would be launched into orbits ranging from 714 miles to 823 miles (1,150-1,325 km) above Earth.  Each satellite, about the size of an average car, not including solar panels, would weigh 850 pounds (386 kg), SpaceX said. SpaceX’s primary business is launching satellites into orbit for government and commercial customers. It also flies cargo supply ships to the International Space Station for NASA. SpaceX rocket launches have been on hold since a Sept. 1 launch pad accident that destroyed a $62 million Falcon 9 booster and a $200 million Israeli communications satellite. The company hopes to resume flights next month. Reuters Tags: approval, Elon Musk, Global network, Internet, satellite, satellite network, SpaceX, Tesla, US Government Also read Elon Musk’s race towards Utopia: SpaceX, Tesla, SolarCity and Hyperloop Elon Musk: After three month hiatus, SpaceX will return to flight in December X Recommended For You SpaceX broadband satellite constellation is more ambitious than previous such failed attempts 5 reasons President-elect Donald Trump may impact Tesla CEO Elon Musk’s SpaceX Elon Musk closes Tesla-SolarCity deal with 85 percent approval in the vote Demonetisation: Mangalyaan on Rs 2,000 note shows renewed interest in space tech, Mars Subscribe to our newsletter GO You are Now Subscribed to our Newsletter - Stay Tuned ! FOLLOW US ON Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LAPTOP Reviews Rating : 7.5 / 10 Acer Aspire S13 review: This might just be the best Windows-based Ultrabook in its price range Rating : 7 / 10 Asus ROG G551VW review: An excellent balance of price and performance Rating : 5.5 / 10 iBall Compbook Excelance review: Cheap and built to match Rating : 6.5 / 10 Asus EeeBook X205TA review: For students on a budget; but low storage and no USB 3.0 port are downers #Global Citizen Festival Nov 20, 2016 Global Citizen Festival plans to launch a new app in coming weeks #Cyber security Nov 20, 2016 US opposes the takeover of German Aixtron Se by Chinese FGC citing national security #cybercrime Nov 20, 2016 More than 55 percent millennials have been hit by cybercrime in India: Norton by Symantec #Weather Forecasts Nov 20, 2016 US to launch a new weather satellite that will ‘revolutionize’ forecasts #NSA Nov 20, 2016 US intelligence community recommends removal of Admiral Michael Rogers, current Director of NSA SMARTPHONE Reviews Rating : 6.5 / 10 Samsung Galaxy J7 Prime: Great battery life; but competition offers better value for money Rating : 5.5 / 10 Karbonn Quattro L52 VR Review: Don’t bother buying this Rating : 7 / 10 Honor 5C review: A well-balanced device that lacks any defining quality Rating : 8 / 10 Yu Yureka Review: Micromax delivers a good, affordable 4G-enabled phablet; Should Xiaomi worry? T & C Policy Contact Us US Election 2016 Copyright © 2016 Tech2.com
NDTV Business Hindi Movies Cricket Good Times Food Tech Auto Apps Prime Art Weddings Collapse Expand Sections Home | World COMMENTS Sections Live TV Videos Latest India Opinion Cities World OffBeat Photos Schedule Trends People Health Indians Abroad South Cheat Sheet Voices Forums Weather News Alerts SpaceX Seeks US Approval For Internet-Via-Satellite Network World | Reuters | Updated: November 17, 2016 12:21 IST EMAIL PRINT COMMENTS Technology entrepreneur Elon Musk previously said the project will cost at least $10 billion (File) Houston:  Private rocket launch service SpaceX is requesting government approval to operate a massive satellite network that would provide high-speed, global internet coverage, according to newly filed documents with the US Federal Communications Commission. The California-based company, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has proposed an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites, the documents filed on Tuesday show. The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least $10 billion, was first announced in January 2015. The latest documents, which include technical details of the proposed network, did not mention cost estimates or financing plans. Financial backers of the company, whose full name is Space Exploration Technologies Corp, include Alphabet's Google Inc and Fidelity Investments, which together have contributed $1 billion to Musk's space launch firm. The proposed SpaceX network would begin with the launch of about 800 satellites to expand internet access in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands, the FCC filings showed. "The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, government and professional users worldwide," SpaceX said in technical documents accompanying its filing. Similar internet-via-satellite networks are under development by privately owned OneWeb and by Boeing Co. Such a system would provide a space-based alternative to cable, fiber-optics and other terrestrial internet access currently available. SpaceX did not say when its launches would occur. The satellites would be launched into orbits ranging from 714 miles to 823 miles (1,150-1,325 km) above Earth. Each satellite, about the size of an average car, not including solar panels, would weigh 850 pounds (386 kg), SpaceX said. SpaceX's primary business is launching satellites into orbit for government and commercial customers. It also flies cargo supply ships to the International Space Station for NASA. SpaceX rocket launches have been on hold since a September 1 launch pad accident that destroyed a $62 million Falcon 9 booster and a $200 million Israeli communications satellite. The company hopes to resume flights next month.   © Thomson Reuters 2016 (This story has not been edited by NDTV staff and is auto-generated from a syndicated feed.) Trending Movies: 2.0 First Look: Rajinikanth Vs Akshay Kumar Is Not For The Faint-Hearted Profit: 7-Year Jail For Illegal Cash Deposits, Tax Department Warns Violators Gadgets: OnePlus 3T, Vivo V5, WhatsApp Video Calling, and More News This Week Related Hyperloop One Settles Co-Founder Lawsuit Tesla Seals $2 Billion SolarCity Deal Set to Test Musk's Vision SpaceX Seeks US Approval for Internet-via-Satellite Network 'Great Valley' Larger Than Grand Canyon Found On Mercury China's Interference In Hong Kong Reaching Alarming Levels: US Congressional Panel Share this story on ALSO READDonald Trump Confirms He Is Considering James 'Mad Dog' Mattis for US Defense Post Elon MuskPrivate rocket launch serviceSpaceXSpaceX satellite networkUS Federal Communications CommissionSpace Exploration Technologies CorpInternet-Via-Satellite Network ................................ Advertisement ................................ Quick LinksIndore Patna ExpressTrain accidentFind ATMFantastic BeastsForce 2Tum Bin 2 ................................ Advertisement ................................ 120 Dead, 200 Injured As Indore-Patna Express Derails Near Kanpur Ignorant To Intentional: How The Notes Ban Is Being Scammed From 'Cash Coolies' To 'Rent-An-Account', The Dodging Of Notes Ban Donald Trump Confirms He Is Considering James Mattis for US Defense Post RSS News Alerts Mobile Apps Apple Android Windows Facebook Twitter Google + LinkedIn About Us Archives Advertise Feedback Disclaimer Investor Complaint Redressal Ombudsman Careers Service Terms Channel Distribution © Copyright NDTV Convergence Limited 2016. All rights reserved. Tweet Add to Flipboard Magazine.
Health Tips English News Hindi News Education Board Results Classifieds Radio City E-paper #Rs 500 Rs 2000 #Narendra Modi #Donald Trump #Bigg Boss 10 #Cyrus Mistry #IND vs ENG PROPERTY Property in MumbaiProperty in Pune DOWNLOAD APP Photos Videos Mumbai News Sports Entertainment Menu All Sections News Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News Sports EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News Life & style Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana Entertainment Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers Photos Videos Mumbai News Mumbai news National Columnists MORE IN NEWS Mumbai News Crime News National News International News Hatke News TOP STORIES Coldplay concert in Mumbai: All the action as it happened Thane Crime: Husband absconds after choking bar girl to death ToPICs Mumbai news Mumbai crime Mumbai rains BMC Cauvery Narendra Modi SPORTS Cricket Football Tennis MORE IN SPORTS EURO 2016 Cricket News Football News Tennis News Local Sports News Motor Sports News Other Sports News TOP STORIES Vizag Test: Jonny Bairstow urges England to believe in themselves Ravichandran Ashwin and Jayant Yadav's Chennai connection ToPICs Rio 2016 Dipa Karmakar EPL BCCI India vs West Indies Virat Kohli Life & style Horoscope Sunday mid-day Food MORE IN LIFESTYLE Horoscope Food Health Travel Dr. Love Relationships Technology Environment Test Drive People Culture Special Dear Diana TOP STORIES Demonetisation: How to go cashless with mobile wallet apps Sound Reasons Festival kicks off on November 21 ToPICs Mumbai food Health & Fitness Technology Travel Relationships Dr. Love Environment Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television MORE IN ENTERTAINMENT Bollywood News Hollywood News Television News Movie Reviews Wallpapers TOP STORIES Australian singer Sia Furler unveils a new number "Never give up" Coldplay in Mumbai: Closing act will see B-Town stars on stage with Chris ToPICs Kareena Kapoor Khan Akshay Kumar A Flying Jatt Salman Khan Amitabh Bachchan Aamir Khan Life and style News Food News PrevNext Edinburgh's toast to Parsi theatre By Krutika Behrawala | Posted 17-Nov-2016 A London-based Irani cafe-style eatery chain pops up in the Scottish capital to offer concoctions that pay homage to Tirangi Tehmul and Adi Marzban Lamb Raan Bun After serving Kheema Pau, Chicken Berry Britannia and Eggs Kejriwal across four outposts in London, Dishoom is ready to move to the Scottish capital, Edinburgh. Themed on Mumbai and its much-loved Irani cafés , the eatery chain was launched by Shamil and Kavi Thakrar — who call themselves head babus (bureaucrats) — in 2010, first cropping up at Covent Garden and later, at Shoreditch, King’s Cross and Carnaby. “When we opened, there weren’t many places where you could enjoy Indian food besides curries. Now, many restaurants are offering regional or Bombay specific fare. To an extent, we believe we have capitalised on it and it is a privilege to educate the customer,” says Shamil over the phone, adding, “We decided to open our fifth outlet in Edinburgh because it is a city with cultural heritage, which is similar to the fabric of Bombay.” Shamil and Kavi Thakrar of Dishoom Comprising two upper levels and a basement, the restaurant is located in a 1920s-era listed building. This outlet pays homage to the distinguished Scotsman Sir Patrick Geddes (1854-1932), a town planner, social reformer and botanist, who shared a deep connect with Mumbai. Excerpts from an interview with Shamil: How did you stumble upon the story of Sir Patrick Geddes? When we zeroed in on Edinburgh, we searched for connections between Scotland and India, and the strongest was that of Mr Geddes. He spent his early life as a town planner in Scotland and moved to Bombay in 1915. He was engaged in town planning there and was also pro-Independence. He loved spending time at Irani cafés and Parsi theatre too. Tell us about the interiors. Since Geddes spent a lot of time at reading rooms such as the David Sassoon Library, we have created an academic vibe here; it resembles a reading room. We have used huge, old maps of Bombay and Gujarat from the 19th and early 20th centuries. Did you include any of Geddes’ favourites in the menu? (Laughs) Unfortunately, we didn’t find his food choices in our research. The Permit Room (bar section) is an ode to Parsi theatre since Geddes loved theatre. We have new drinks on the menu. These include Tehmul’s Tangle, based on a mad 1968 Parsi theatre caper called Tirangi Tehmul, which retold the original Boeing Boeing. It is the story of a hapless fellow juggling a trio of women in his life. We have created a trio of flavours with cinnamon, gin, lemon juice and ginger. Then, there’s Marzban’s Chikoo Fizz — made with chikoo, whiskey and topped with soda fizz — that honours Adi Marzban, one of the foremost playwrights of Mumbai. For this outlet, we have also invented Copy Tipples, non-alcoholic drinks, which replicate the warmth and dryness of alcohol using botanicals and herbs. For instance, Sober Martini uses grape and cucumber water as a base and a Virtuous Tulsi Sour that actually tastes like whiskey sour because it includes ginger, lemon and basil. These were tougher to create. And what about the food menu? It’s similar to the rest of our outlets. Here, we are also serving our chef’s special Lamb Raan in a bun (12 pounds). In modern times, the raan has become an expensive dish. Since it originated on a battlefield (where Alexander the Great defeated Porus), I believe that it isn’t a rich person’s dish but something that should be enjoyed by everyone. Opens on: December 5  At: 3a St Andrew Square, Edinburgh Call: 0131 2026406  Log on to: www.dishoom.com Tags: London-based Irani cafe-style eatery chain Scottish capital concoctions homage Tirangi Tehmul Adi Marzban Mumbai food Mumbai Previous StoryMumbai food: Gorge on delicious sweet treats at the Dessert Garden FestivalNext Story Mumbai food: 7 gluten-free dishes you can indulge in at city restaurants Related Stories Paromita Vohra: Post-truths and poster-truths Columnists News | 20-Nov-2016 Why good cholesterol may fail to protect against heart disease Health News | 19-Nov-2016 BBC World to air in Gujarati, Marathi, Telugu, Punjabi International News | 17-Nov-2016 Photos: Ramanand Sagar's great granddaughter Sakshi is a bombshell Bollywood News | 16-Nov-2016 A candid chat with VFX artist, who worked on Harry Potter films, The Jungle Book People News | 16-Nov-2016 Panama Leak: Qatari prince comes to Nawaz Sharif's rescue International News | 16-Nov-2016 PHOTO VIDEO Photos: John Abraham watches 'Force 2' with parents in Mumbai Photos: Madhuri Dixit with hubby, Rekha at star-studded B-Town wedding Jailed! Vidya Balan goes behind bars for 'Kahaani 2' Birthday special: Famous siblings in Bollywood In pictures: Successful actor-director duos in Bollywood What brought Rekha, Madhuri Dixit and Anil Kapoor together? This is something Ajay dislikes doing the most! Tusshar Kapoor knows how to make people smile! Gulshan Grover has a witty take over Indian wives and their woes! You May Like MORE FROM JAGRAN 0 Comments Leave a Reply Name * Email * Comment (You have 500 characters left) Enter the text as shown in the image * TrEnding No one wants Indian 'kachra' in Karbala in Iraq National News|19-Nov-2016 Canadian PM Justin Trudeau to launch Priyanka Chopra's Punjabi film Regional News|19-Nov-2016 Lisa Ray to launch her perfume brand to India Bollywood News|19-Nov-2016 Malaika Arora and Arbaaz Khan file for divorce National News|19-Nov-2016 Photos: Janardhan Reddy's daughter's glitzy wedding National News|19-Nov-2016 Ulhasnagar businessman pic with a bundle of Rs. 2,000 notes goes viral National News|19-Nov-2016 This is how Bengaluru hotel tried to adjust its black money National News|18-Nov-2016 Twinkle Khanna and Hrithik Roshan just had the funniest Twitter chat! Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Photos: Salman Khan, other B-Town celebs at Arpita's anniversary bash Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Man rapes wife's ex-boyfriend who harassed her with lewd messages Crime News|18-Nov-2016 Oops! Have you noticed these bloopers in Bollywood films? Bollywood News|10-Nov-2016 Trending Most ReaD Most Commented What has Vidya Balan got to say about about her childhood days with Shilpa Shetty? Bollywood News|20-Nov-2016 Mumbai: Woman beaten up in crowded local train National News|20-Nov-2016 Thane Crime: Husband absconds after choking bar girl to death Crime News|20-Nov-2016 No one wants Indian 'kachra' in Karbala in Iraq National News|19-Nov-2016 Man rapes wife's ex-boyfriend who harassed her with lewd messages Crime News|18-Nov-2016 This is how Bengaluru hotel tried to adjust its black money National News|18-Nov-2016 Photos: Salman Khan, Parineeti Chopra at Sania Mirza's sister's sangeet Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Twinkle Khanna and Hrithik Roshan just had the funniest Twitter chat! Bollywood News|18-Nov-2016 Imagica accident: Injured mother-daughter duo in Mumbai hospital ICU National News|06-Feb-2014 CBSE cbse nic in Class 10th X Board Result 2014 to be declared today on www cbse nic in at 4 PM National News|20-May-2014 Online auto rickshaw permits: Results of 7 RTOs declared National News|26-Feb-2014 CBSE Results 2015: CBSE 10th Board (cbse.nic.in) X Class Results declared at 2 PM today, 28th May at cbseresults.nic.in Board Exam Result News|28-May-2015 2014 MHADA lottery: Flats in Virar will be ready only in Dec '15' National News|07-Feb-2014 See More Latest News   Home Mumbai News Entertainment Crime Sports Life & Style Photos Videos GET Updates from mid-day.com View Site Map Network: Hindi News | Gujrati News | Urdu NewsCopyright © 2014 Mid-Day Infomedia Ltd. All rights reserverd. About Us | Advertise with us | Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions | Contact Us | Corporate Go to top
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Thursday, 17 November 2016 | MYT 2:00 PM SpaceX seeks US approval for Internet-via-satellite network Beaming down the Internet: Musk has proposed an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites. — Reuters HOUSTON: Private rocket launch service SpaceX is requesting government approval to operate a massive satellite network that would provide high-speed, global Internet coverage, according to newly filed documents with the US Federal Communications Commission. The California-based company, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has proposed an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites, the documents filed on Tuesday show. The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least US$10bil (RM43.6bil), was first announced in Jan 2015. The latest documents, which include technical details of the proposed network, did not mention cost estimates or financing plans.  Financial backers of the company, whose full name is Space Exploration Technologies Corp, include Alphabet's Google Inc and Fidelity Investments, which together have contributed US$1 bil (RM4.3bil) to Musk's space launch firm. The proposed SpaceX network would begin with the launch of about 800 satellites to expand Internet access in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands, the FCC filings showed. "The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, government and professional users worldwide," SpaceX said in technical documents accompanying its filing. Similar Internet-via-satellite networks are under development by privately owned OneWeb and by Boeing Co. Such a system would provide a space-based alternative to cable, fibre-optics and other terrestrial internet access currently available. SpaceX did not say when its launches would occur. The satellites would be launched into orbits ranging from 714 miles to 823 miles (1,150-1,325 km) above Earth. Each satellite, about the size of an average car, not including solar panels, would weigh 386kg, SpaceX said. SpaceX's primary business is launching satellites into orbit for government and commercial customers. It also flies cargo supply ships to the International Space Station for NASA. SpaceX rocket launches have been on hold since a Sept 1 launch pad accident that destroyed a US$62mil (RM270.4mil) Falcon 9 booster and a US$200mil (RM873mil) Israeli communications satellite. The company hopes to resume flights next month. —  Reuters You May Be Interested AOL to cut 500 jobs 'Overwatch' releases Sombra update after months of hints Russia begins process to block Linkedin website White supremacist ad allowed on Twitter, CEO apologises Sign your name digitally in iOS Mail Rejuvenate yourself with American ginseng Others Also Read Lavishing patrons with ‘arty’ delights French in centre-right primary to pick presidential candidate to face Le Pen Start small, start somewhere advertisement Latest News China wants fewer, but better, electric car makers US extends ZTE reprieve on exports curbs until Feb 27 Tesla's Musk closes SolarCity deal, more challenges lie ahead Google, an Obama ally, may face policy setbacks under Trump Infosys CEO says Trump election may weigh on margins Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online   Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 18:04 GMT, Nov 20, 2016 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More WADA Director General caught on hot mic – 'We’re not desperate' for Russia return (RT EXCLUSIVE) HomeNews Russian aerospace company & Boeing working out joint Moon projects Published time: 17 Nov, 2016 06:07Edited time: 17 Nov, 2016 08:21 Get short URL © Youssef Boudlal / Reuters RSC Energia, a major Russian aerospace company, and Boeing Defense, Space & Security have been thrashing out the details of a long-term deal to cooperate on lunar construction and deep space exploration, Energia’s director told Izvestia daily. The lunar cooperation is said to be a part of a comprehensive agreement that aims to put an end to a protracted legal dispute between the two companies involving another Russian company, Sea Launch, which had been jointly owned by RSC Energia and BDS, but has since gone bankrupt. The preparatory work has been going smoothly and a final agreement is expected by the end of November, Director of RSC Energia Vladimir Solntsev told Izvestia on Thursday. Read more Russia to launch yearly manned flights to Moon starting 2025 “We are drafting a document that not only describes the conclusion of the proceedings, but also designs a program of long-term cooperation on the wide range of issues,” Solntsev said, adding that the companies’ lawyers have been finalizing the text of the agreement. “We are working on coordination projects at low Earth orbit, development of lunar infrastructure and exploration of deep space,” he specified Solntsev noted that the companies intend to develop compatible designs that could be used in the construction of the proposed international Lunar Orbital Station. “In particular, we are talking about devising compatible docking ports and blocks that would allow Russian space equipment to successfully interoperate with Boeing spaceships,” Solntsev said. It was revealed in May that NASA and Energia are discussing the possibility of creating a joint space station orbiting the moon that could be functioning by the end of the next decade. The station would serve as a transport hub for navigation, maintenance, and communications during lunar missions, as well as unmanned Mars-bound missions. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2016. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad President-elect Trump doubles down in attacks on Hamilton - now saying the popular show isn't worth watching - as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite star support for under-fire cast Melania and Barron Trump 'WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC' - threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  Horrific moment a children's hospital in Aleppo is bombed for the second time in a WEEK as workers desperately scramble to rescue babies in incubators What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being elected despite conflict of interest promises Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Father-of-three paramedic and a nurse engaged to be married are among four people identified as victims of Nevada air ambulance crash Winter IS coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and icy winds in the Northeast as temperatures dip into the twenties Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy backed by force'   'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug boss father became the world's most wanted man Fans outraged as Kanye West storms out of ANOTHER gig just ten minutes in after rant blasting 'old a**' Hillary, Mark Zuckerberg's 'lies', 'winning-obsessed Beyonce and Jay-Z 'who has hit-men' Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the AMAs Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  The almost handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief exchange at Peru summit - but not quite shaking hands - amid frosty Syria dealings FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL remains missing 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their wedding was ruined by the guests Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny differences in these sequences Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' 'He says "look at this" and the gun went off': Woman accidentally shot in the head at North Carolina weapons show by her husband after he bought her a gun to match his own Winter storm causes 340 crashes as it sweeps through Minnesota leaving at least one person dead - as it moves further into the Northeast Florida surfer, 60, dies fulfilling Southern California dream to ride the waves off Huntington Beach - after crashing into pier pillar I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Germany's Iron Lady Angela Merkel plans to run for a fourth term as chancellor in next year's election  Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn is a nutter' Previous Next Mystery plane that was spotted circling over Denver leaves military officials baffled  The aircraft was spotted in Denver on Wednesday morning by residents It could not be identified by military and aviation officials when contacted Plane made several loops at 32,000ft before flying towards Oklahoma Some speculated the plane was from the US Navy E-6 Mercury fleet  By Jennifer Smith For Dailymail.com Published: 00:43 EST, 17 November 2016 | Updated: 01:38 EST, 17 November 2016 e-mail 2.7k shares 148 View comments A mysterious plane circled over Denver on Wednesday morning leaving scores of residents baffled before it moved on.  The unannounced flight appeared in the late morning and made several loops above the city at around 32,000ft, according to The Denver Channel.  It appeared to have entered the city's airspace from California, hovering above the Colorado capital until shooting off towards Oklahoma.  Scroll down for video  An unannounced plane cirlced Denver on Wednesday to the perplexity of residents and officials Eagle-eyed residents took photographs and videos of the aircraft to make inquiries about its path.  They contacted the KMGH-TV channel with their queries for it to put forward.  Denver Channel reporters say none of the officials they approached were able to pin down exactly what the plane's route was, however.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau uses speech in Cuba... Former presidential yacht USS Sequoia is sold for ZERO... Share this article Share They claim to have contacted 'dozens' of agencies in search of clarification including the Federal Aviation Authority and the Air Force.  Neither were able to address residents' questions, they said.  The network was however able to identify the aircraft's name - Iron 99. It claimed to have tracked down fleets with the same prefix at military bases across the country.  The Department of Defense was not available for comment when approached on Wednesday night.  The plane did several loops over Denver before making its way towards Oklahoma (above) Scores took photographs and videos of the aircraft as officials failed to explain its path Some speculated the plane was from the E-6B Mercury US Navy fleet (above)  Some speculated the plane was an E-6B Mercury, also known as a TACAMO (Take Charge and Move Out), a Boeing aircraft developed for the US Navy as an airborne communications platform.  They are used to deliver instructions from the air to US Navy submarines fleets via a transmitter and antenna, according to the manufacturer.   Boeing built 16 for the Navy between 1989 and 1992.  'The TACAMO airplanes support the Navy's ballistic missile submarine force, providing a vital link to the force from national command authorities,' Boeing's description of it reads.  'The TACAMO E-6B airplanes are equipped with dual trailing wires that serve as transmitter and antenna, transmitting in the very low frequency spectrum.'  No officials were able to confirm if the plane belonged to the E-6B fleet on Wednesday.  The Denver Channel said it believed the plane belonged to the fleet.  Read more: Mystery flight circles over Denver; Officials have few answers - 7NEWS Denver TheDenverChannel.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 2.7k shares Most watched News videos Mob storm police station and lynch suspected paedophile Girl won right to be frozen just days before dying Scrapped! 'Trump' backpedals from campaign promises in SNL skit Angry Trump supporter argues with Starbucks employee Hamilton cast deliver message directly to audience member Mike Pence The best gift of all: Come home for Xmas with Heathrow Airport Married woman shamed in Kenya after lover gets stuck inside her NASA camera picks up glowing pink 'UFO' above earth Viral video shows adorable moment a polar bear pets a dog Supermodel Gigi Hadid fights off man who grabs her at Milan show Enemies no more? Romney meets with Trump to discuss cabinet post Last tiger of Palestine enjoys new freedom in South Africa Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called... Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election... President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin... 'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier... 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down... Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are... Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics... Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he... All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks... 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and... The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (148) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have not been moderated.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today 'Nine days Postpartum!' Blac Chyna showcases her jaw-droppingly flat stomach less than two weeks after giving birth to baby Dream Goldie Hawn turns heads in low cut LBD as she steps out for 71st birthday dinner with her partner...as Kate Hudson shares candid family snaps from the bash Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan throws herself into her work on set of TV show Suits as controversial mural of her wearing Diana's tiara is revealed 'Hold onto those you love': Make-up free Drew Barrymore shares snap alongside pals Cameron Diaz, Gwyneth Paltrow and Nicole Richie An A-list selfie 'Happy birthday baby!' Kylie Jenner celebrates boyfriend Tyga's birthday by posting a topless snap of them embracing Racy Instagram post 'It's something that should scare everybody,  even the honey badger': Trevor Noah on Trump's choice of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist Sponsored 'Birthday behaviour!' Kylie Jenner wows in figure hugging white dress as she treats Tyga to a THIRD party  She treated Tyga to a night out Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the AMAs He was 57 when he died Gleb Savchenko falls sick with the flu just a day before competing in Dancing With The Stars finale News was announced on Insatgram Jason Derulo involved in brawl outside trendy Hollywood club Bootsy Bellows before cops break up fight The fracas was caught on camera 'Girl power!' Katie Holmes shares throwback of herself cheering on her sister's basketball team at age six Clutching a pom pom What would happen if we saw ourselves the way others did? Heartwarming video shows the power of confidence  Sponsored 'Precious kiddos!' Jessica Simpson posts Instagram photo of her children as they get their school pictures taken The kids were dressed up for the cameras Here comes 'Papa'! Tired Russell Brand steps out for a spot of shopping after welcoming his first child Mabel Apt outfit It's Donna and Kelly! Pregnant Tori Spelling, 43, and Jennie Garth, 44, have a Beverly Hills 90210 reunion at Knott's Merry Farm with kids Catch up Blac Chyna looks fabulous as she steps out in figure-hugging ensemble for first time since giving birth to baby Dream Sported a lavender wig 'Give her a kiss!': Blac Chyna's son King Cairo plants a sweet smooch on his newborn sister Dream Kardashian Filmed giving his new sibling a kiss Pamela Anderson, 49, shows off her famous curves in skin-tight black lace dress as she parties at London's Global Gift Gala  Looked sensational Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he takes aim at rapper's wife Beyoncé, Hillary Clinton and Mark Zuckerberg Big night, Kylie? Pop princess Kylie Minogue appears tired and exhausted with partner Josh Sasse during outing to Melbourne eatery Plenty more fish! Mariah Carey flaunts her cleavage in plunging leather dress as she heads to seafood restaurant after talks with her ex get nasty Justin Bieber shows off darker hairdo as he rocks Metallica T-Shirt on tour in Italy ahead of satellite performance at American Music Awards Trying something new It's a wrap! Orlando Bloom keeps warm in a beanie and three layers of clothing as he enjoys night out at Hollywood hotspot Temperature dip Naomi Campbell continues to wear fur as she arrives at JFK airport... 20 years after claiming she'd rather go nude in PETA's famous anti-cruelty campaign Getting in the holiday cheer! Jaime King wears chic blouse with velvet choker and jeans as she visits Knott's Merry Farm with sons James and Leo Emma Roberts goes hell for leather in plunging wrap dress at Airbnb Open Spotlight event She always turns heads on the red carpet Nicole Scherzinger shows her sartorial sass in a sleeveless blue jumpsuit at Moana screening in London The 38-year-old singer cut a chic figure Pink Saturday! Nicki Minaj flaunts her famous curves in skintight jeans and vibrant faux fur bomber as she enjoys night out in LA Figure-hugging jeans Thor star Jaimie Alexander gushes over superhero co-star Chris Hemsworth as she brands Tom Hiddleston 'a gentleman' in sizzling December cover shoot  'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence in mocking SNL skit  'They look at me like I'm crazy': The Eagles' Don Henley gets sick of hearing his songs and requests restaurants change the track if he hears his music Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a slashed green dress and VERY racy thigh-high boots at The Global Gift Gala in London Eye-catching ensemble Formula 1 heiress Tamara Ecclestone looks glam in chestnut winter jacket as she enjoys mother and daughter day with adorable Sophia 'I'm happier than I've ever been': 'Pregnant' Cheryl gushes about her life at home with boyfriend Liam Payne  Admitted she's got to know herself. New York state of mind: Daniel Day-Lewis and wife Rebecca Miller enjoy casual coffee date in The Big Apple Wrapped up for the November chill Queen is in danger of losing the Guard at Buckingham Palace as Royal protection suffers its worst recruitment crisis in its history  Manpower targets 'He knocked up his best friend's wife': Kristen Wiig pokes fun at Simon Cowell as she plays with kittens on Saturday Night Live  Second time as host Julianne Hough showcases her lean limbs in skintight black leather pants at LA star-studded Airbnb event Showstopping outfit Can't stop the feeling! A beaming Justin Timberlake cuts a very stylish figure as he leads the celebrities at the Sydney premiere of his new film Trolls I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star after their wild partying left him an addict  Is The Crown guilty of poetic licence or gross impertinence? A close friendship, private phone calls and a royal marriage in crisis... But what's the REAL story of Queen Lilibet?  What a glamor-puss! Dame Joan Collins displays her elegant style in black floor-length gown as she steps out for charity gala in LA  'It's why I turned into a sex addict': Sex Pistol Steve Jones reveals he was 'abused by his step-father at the age of ten' Opened up All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  Rock band The Police 'offered over $9 million to reunite with Sting for the first time in eight years for Desert Trip music festival in 2017' 'Oldchella' ABS-olutely fabulous! Tracy Anderson shows off her incredible physique in a barely there bikini The 41-year-old looks incredible 'I'm not particularly tough, I'm quite a sensitive soul': Ruby Rose explains why she wants her new xXx role to be seen as 'kick***' not 'bad***' We are family! Elsa Pataky enjoys a day at the beach with her children in Australia's Byron Bay She left her life in LA for Australia Can YOU tell the difference between cheap and high-end make up? YouTube star puts different brands to the test... with surprising results! Hands-on dad! Gavin Rossdale gets playful with his three boys as they enjoy a basketball game at the park He donned shades on day with his boys 'Don't touch!': Coco Austin's baby girl Chanel gazes in wonder at her first Christmas tree in cute video Rapper-actor Ice-T is the daddy Metallic magnificence! Jenna Dewan dazzles in silver beaded gown as she attends star-studded Young Women's Honors Channing Tatum's wife 'Too much make-up': Lindsay Lohan throws some serious shade at Ariana Grande after singer poses for Hairspray Live! snap  Mean Girls star Simply sensational! Laverne Cox sizzles in skin tight optical illusion dress at Young Women's Honors The 32-year-old was in Marina Del Rey  What a sport! Emma Roberts shows off extremely toned legs during house hunting appointment  The 25-year-old was spotted in Hollywood  What a catch! Bikini-clad Victoria's Secret model Shanina Shaik poses with two HUGE lobsters in hand during a trip to the Bahamas Practice makes perfect! Lady Gaga plays guitar at her sprawling Malibu estate ahead 2016 AMAs performance Took to Snapchat Must be chilly! Ariel Winter puts on a cheeky display in booty shorts despite plunging temperatures in LA The 18-year-old Modern Family star  Chrissy Teigen, Bryan Cranston and Don Cheadle join chorus of celebrity support for Hamilton cast's speech to Mike Pence Speaking out Cancer-stricken Shannen Doherty steps out in Malibu after opening up about grueling radiation treatment Gas stop 'Grab My Fair Lady By The P***y': Twitter users troll Vice President-Elect Mike Pence by making up musicals about him after he was booed at Hamilton 'Couldn't even memorize lines!': Trump continues Twitter feud with Hamilton cast by tweeting out an attack - only to delete it moments later Twinsies! Jessica Alba's daughters Honor and Haven dress in identical outfits for outing in West Hollywood  Golden Globe nominee  Miami is for lovers! Kesha holds hands with boyfriend Brad Ashenfelter while unwinding poolside He is playing a charity gig there Shuttered! Richard Simmons's landmark LA fitness studio closes its doors as reclusive star stays away telling fans 'I'm not good with endings' Gwyneth Paltrow looks confused as her makeup artist attempts contouring technique minutes before she hits the Airbnb Open stage in LA Ben Affleck and Jennifer Garner grab breakfast together... but they don't look very happy about it The pair split in June 2015 Red hot! Bella Thorne flaunts her svelte bod in skintight mini dress as she hugs beau Tyler Posey goodbye Showcased her enviable physique  'Saturday vibes': Kourtney Kardashian shares cute photos of Reign and Penelope as she enjoys family time after Scott 'moves back in' 'The stars have aligned': Model Jessica Gomes gushes about her life falling into place after finding love with Australian actor Xavier Samuel  Museum with mommy! Amber Rose cuts a casual figure in ripped denim and a classic tee for art outing with son Sebastian, three, and her bodyguard Fall fun at the Biermann residence! Kim Zolciak's kids excitedly play with fallen leaves in the family's yard She is a mom- of-six Feeling the chill! Katie Holmes dons stylish wool blazer in LA... as her directorial debut arrives on iTunes Headed out in West Hollywood Crunching through the leaves! Olivia Wilde shares a rare shot of her two-year-old son Otis enjoying fall in Central Park Instagram snap 'My life is amazing now... I live in paradise and travel around the world': Woman loses over 30kg and becomes a yoga teacher after weighing 95kg at just 16  'This company is about bringing people together': Ashton Kutcher defends Airbnb after protester storms stage at LA panel event He was one of the first investors in Airbnb Quality time! Padma Lakshmi showcases her bikini body as she plays in the sea with her daughter Krishna Took advantage of the weather in Miami Traffic stopper! Halle Berry turns heads in clingy leather trousers and sexy black top as she steps out of car  The 50-year-old was in Los Angeles  'She is a brilliant woman': Paris Hilton admits she's 'proud' of childhood friend Ivanka Trump... as Donald's daughter comes under fire in America 'I'm doing well': Pregnant Janet Jackson finally breaks her silence on Twitter and thanks fans for 'love and prayers' Mom-to-be Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Embarrassment for VP-elect Mike Pence as Hamilton cast STOPS show to address him directly about their fears - after audience BOOED him throughout  Bright and breezy! Lily Collins is all smiles after gym session despite punishing schedule promoting Rules Don't Apply Burning the candle at both ends  So THAT'S where he keeps his Emmy! Mad Men star Jon Hamm shows off his famous physique again... after laughing off the rumors about his manhood Channing Tatum and Jenna Dewan dress down for low-key family day as they treat daughter Everly to yogurt treat Their daughter is three Nicole Scherzinger sizzles in a revealing green dress at The Global Gift Gala in London... as she responds to jokes she's had a boob job PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: No more shedding for the wedding! Mariah Carey eats pizza with her backing dancer... as talks with ex break down 'Last night was lit!' Paris Hilton plays DJ set in Sydney as her Australian Gold Rush tour continues and reveals 'excitement' at being back 'Hope this helps': Lady Gaga shares her chronic pain remedies with fans including infrared saunas followed by ice baths Posted to Instagram  He's at it again! Marc Anthony plants kiss on pretty singer after split from wife Shannon De Lima... as rumors swirl about ex J Lo Attractive backing singer 'Interest shot through the roof': The Rock reveals his bosses weren't happy about 'candy ass' Fast 8 swipe... but it was great for publicity GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Brooklyn's whine over a crafty beer at a London holiday festival  David and Victoria Beckham's eldest son was given a ticking off  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Pippa Middleton attempts to end rift with naughty uncle Gary after choosing his daughter Tallulah to be her bridesmaid Sexist? No, I'm just Yorkshire: Brit talkshow host Parkinson finally blasts back at Helen Mirren over 'sluttish eroticism' row... 40 years later LIZ JONES: Grumpy old men sitting around in dad jeans... that's great TV?  'This is basically a TV show about old men sitting down' Lucky Tyga! Kylie Jenner flaunts her ample assets in clingy black dress at ANOTHER birthday party for rapper beau Spaghetti strap dress Twitter accounts including Charlie Sheen and The New Yorker hacked for spam ads Dozens of famous Twitter accounts were hacked She means business! Jennifer Lopez returns to Shades of Blue set after THAT kiss with ex Marc Anthony Spotted on the New York City set on Friday It's long distance love! Khloe Kardashian jets off to Ohio to see boyfriend Tristan Thompson Committed to making the relationship work GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Sex symbol Lenny Kravitz is asked to write music for the Fifty Shades of Grey sequel He's been asked to pen some tracks GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Star Trek Alice now boldly going it alone? Actress has stopped wearing her engagement ring Where's the bling? Taking the plunge together! Victoria Beckham and Eva Longoria cut chic figures in low cut ensembles as they co-host Global Gift Gala Tanc Sade hits the red carpet in LA for the premiere of Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life... as he reveals his co-star Nick Holmes 'took an instant disliking' to him when they first met    'THAT'S what it's supposed to look like!' Olivia Munn shares photo of herself wearing the same dress as J Lo Humble as ever, she poked fun at herself Not long now! Gigi Hadid stuns in red jumpsuit as she poses with co-host Jay Pharoah as they rehearse for the AMAs One day away The bra's the star: Chilly? You bet! Tacky? You decide. Adored by the A-list, now 'bra-lets' are bringing underwear out into the open  New season trends 'I met santa!' Christina Milian takes excited daughter Violet to meet the big man himself They also got the chance to enjoythe Christmas show Working up a sweat! Lea Michele and Cara Santana flaunt trim figures in sports bras as they work out together Working hard on their bodies 'Happy anniversary f***face': Amy Schumer posts jokey message on Instagram celebrating one year with boyfriend Ben Hanisch '#Iwanttoseeotherpeople'  'I need someone who can stimulate me regularly': Extra TV's Renee Bargh gets candid about what she wants in a man during lingerie-clad shoot Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 after two-year battle with pancreatic cancer She was surrounded by loved ones and members of her band Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington She's got fringe benefits! Kesha rocks out in a cowboy jacket as she puts legal woes behind her for charity gig 29-year-old hitmaker Leonardo DiCaprio flashes a warm smile from underneath his trademark flat cap as he visits Edinburgh Castle  Enjoying a spot of sightseeing HEALTH NOTES: Yasmin's still shouldering pain of tuk tuk crash  She is the wife of Duran Duran singer Simon Le Bon Hollywood's oldest hipster? Mickey Rourke, 64, rocks the camouflage for an evening at the newest LA hotspot Dressing like he's 24 Angelina Jolie returns to spotlight for first time since bitter divorce to campaign for children at International Criminal Court She's an Oscar winner  A superhero smooch! Rosario Dawson and Mike Colter share passionate kiss as they film Marvel's Luke Cage scenes in New York Popular Netflix series Peek-a-boo! Maria Menounos flashes her toned stomach in knotted T-shirt on date night with fiancé Keven Undergaro TV personality I want $30m for Fake Sheikh sting: Fergie launches multi-million pound legal battle for lost earnings and humiliation over Prince Andrew cash-for-access scandal  His better half! Jason Biggs' wife Jenny Mollen wows in red as they attend animal charity bash His wife stole the spotlight on Friday night Looking smart! Naomi Watts rocks business chic with a quirky twist as she steps out at the opening of Tod's festive windows in New York Dressed to impress 'THIS is not okay': Emmy Rossum responds to anti-semitic tweets from Trump supporters who use hashtag 'Sieg Heil' Hitting out Romeo Beckham cheers on Andy Murray beside Jimmy Carr at the ATP finals in London just days after watching the doubles with dad David Date night! Jessica Alba and Cash Warren leave their daughters at home to enjoy an evening on the town They are busy working parents  Pregnant Marion Cotillard sheathes her blossoming baby bump in a lurex jumper and chic yellow blazer Never fails to make any ensemble ooze glamor Cameron Diaz is all smiles as she rocks cream turtleneck and ripped jeans for casual lunch in Beverly Hills Winter has finally arrived in Los Angeles His neck of the woods: Al Roker opens the doors to the luxurious Manhattan brownstone he shares with wife Deborah Roberts and their children  Heavily pregnant Molly Sims covers her bump in a stylish faux fur gilet as she enjoys dinner ahead of her due date She is expecting her third child Melanie Griffith, 59, looks ready to party in statement biker jacket and edgy pointed boots as she steps out for dinner She looked sensational Bachelorette star Jordan Rodgers' NFL star brother Aaron 'hasn't spoken to his family in two years'... and even skipped his grandfather's funeral We (don't) belong together! Settlement talks between Mariah Carey and James Packer 'broken down as she brands him opportunist' Tara Reid covers her increasingly slender body in ripped jeans and a sweater as she steps out for dinner in LA She appeared in good spirits It's in her jeans! Kimberly Stewart flaunts her toned pins in form-fitting denims as she steps out in Los Angeles Californian style Split! Marc Anthony has separated from wife Shannon De Lima it's revealed - after THAT kiss with his ex Jennifer Lopez at Latin Grammys Got very passionate Model behaviour! Leather-clad Cindy Crawford and dapper Randy Gerber make a stylish couple as they enjoy date night in LA Holding hands Getting into the groove! Rocco Ritchie, 16, has a spring in his step as he enjoys a night out  at Chiltern Firehouse Proved his family issues had been resolved Ebola's not a joke, Jeremy: Backlash as Clarkson dubs The Grand Tour's racetrack 'Eboladrome' because it resembles the shape of the virus  Alessandra Ambrosio proves that less is more as she cuts a chic figure in a plain white T-shirt and skinny jeans  Flashed her enviably taut stomach Red hot! Kris Jenner, 61, dons clingy dress for date night with boy toy Corey Gamble, 35 Tthe Kardashian matriarch looked a vision in black and red 'I love you so much my heart could explode!' Country star Dan Smyers pops the question to girlfriend Abby Law during romantic trip to Hawaii Sleep like a rock! Beaming Sharon Stone wears a very pyjama-esque jumpsuit as she arrives at LAX Navy blue jumpsuit, bow-tied with a white belt 'She wants a small ceremony with bangers and mash': Multi-millionaire Adele 'plans bargain register office wedding' with beau Simon Konecki No slowing him down! Matthew McConaughey stays in fighting shape during solo jog He has been busy lately promoting his upcoming thriller Gold 'You don't know the meaning of STRUGGLE': Twitter users are less than sympathetic as Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood Kelly Rowland flaunts her toned legs in a thigh-skimming jumper dress and towering lace-up boots for night out in LA She showed off her flair for fashion Fifth Harmony's Lauren Jauregui comes out as bisexual in an emotional letter to Trump supporters a week after being spotted kissing Lucy Vives  Getting down to business! Lucy Hale looks loved up as she walks through Adelaide Airport with boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta Pretty Little Liars star Stephanie Pratt flaunts her enviable curves in daring red lace bardot gown at Chain Of Hope charity ball The 30-year-old was Turning heads Gilmore Girls' Alexis Bledel stuns in chic black gown as she joins Lauren Graham for premiere of Netflix reboot Award-winning actress 'Hot Friday': Victoria's Secret beauty Kelly Gale enjoys a steamy NAKED sauna with model Madison Headrick The busty pair posed for a selfie together 'Everybody's got their stuff': Kate Gosselin says son Collin is 'chugging along' as she provides update on his treatment away from home  They could be twins! Ruby Rose shares a throwback Instagram photo with her mother... and fans are surprised by how similar they look Striking resemblance Is Meghan the missing Middleton? Prince Harry's new love looks so like Kate AND Pippa they could all be sisters Kate is known for her gleaming smile  Odell Beckham Jr loses $10,000 diamond-encrusted pinky ring while dancing at a strip club in the Bronx and is offering a reward for its return  Daddy duty! Liev Schreiber cuts a dapper figure as he steps out with his sons in New York The 49-year-old actor strolled with his boys Mother-daughter doppelgangers! Reese Witherspoon, 40 and Ava, 17 step out in coordinated looks in Beverly Hills Twins! EXCLUSIVE: Kathy Griffin reveals on how she saw Harry Styles pestering Tom Hanks, was insulted by drunken Jon Hamm and had a Twitter war with Demi Lovato in new memoir Feeling blue! Ariel Winter flashes her new tattoo as she dons cute denim mini dress for dinner with a pal She just got a new tattoo of a spade on her wrist Ready for winter! Kate Mara wraps up as she goes ice-skating without boyfriend Jamie Bell Stepped out solo as she got set to hit an ice-rink in Van Nuys, California Won't lose her in a crowd! Paris Hilton dons vibrant yellow dress with plunging neckline as she touches down in Sydney ahead of DJ gig  Donned shades 'At your ser-vix!': Ryan Reynolds shares delivery room tips for expectant dads in funny new video The father-of-two shows his softer side  The Kelly diet: Megyn hawks new memoir to those looking to shed some pounds, revealing that her top-secret weight loss tips are in her book 'Integrity is our only true currency': Designer who dressed Michelle Obama vows NEVER to work with Melania Trump and urges others to follow her lead Hello, beautiful! Emma Roberts goes boho chic in fringed sweater as she stays glued to her phone on FaceTime She was spotted multi-tasking Sabotage! Beastie Boys' Adam Yauch Park playground in New York defaced with swastikas and pro-Trump graffiti Disgusted New Yorkers tweeted pictures 'Do you swallow or spit?' Demi Lovato's UFC boyfriend Luke Rockhold was kicked off Millionaire Matchmaker for being a creep Clips from the show resurfaced Dap-Kings soul singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 Her representative Judy Miller Silverman says she died Friday at a Cooperstown hospital in New York surrounded by her band Going undercover? Sofia Richie wears camouflage and giant beanie as she has lunch out with her cute dog  She's the daughter of Lionel Richie All ears! Kendall Jenner flashes skin in sexy mini and thigh-high boots as she stars in new headphones campaign Posing up a storm 'It is so lovely being back': Rose Byrne says baby Rocco will celebrate his first Christmas in Sydney... as she arrives Down Under with partner Bobby Cannavale     DON'T MISS Ex-Survivor star Michael Skupin is convicted of possessing child pornography after police find images of 'underage children in sexual situations' on his laptop From dragon to Falcon! Emilia Clarke cast in upcoming Star Wars young Han Solo spin off movie  She will become part of the Star Wars universe Prince William admits he's 'struggled' with parenthood and says becoming a father has made him more emotional as he appears on Vietnamese show  Hitting their stride! Newly engaged Laura Prepon and fiancé Ben Foster are attached at the hip during stroll through New York  Loved up Strike a pose! SNL cast and crew along with Saturday night's host Kristen Wiig take on the Mannequin Challenge  Wiig is on hosting duty this weekend 'FORE!' Caroline Wozniacki plays golf in her bikini as she soaks up some sun during a vacation in the US Virgin Islands with fellow tennis star Nicole Gibbs 'The fans will rip into Raven's *ss': Orlando Brown speaks out about being recast in That's So Raven reboot He originally didn't believe there could be a reboot without him What a tease! Kylie Jenner wears sheer lingerie in racy new shoot to unveil launch date for mystery online store  Posing up a storm Sheer beauty! Naomi Campbell stuns in beaded floor-length gown at London charity ball The 46-year-old model put her best foot forward  Celebrity hair tribes: How stars with similar passions flock to the same salons - and end up with the same hairstyles!  Sorting out their locks Nicole Scherzinger shows off killer body and ample cleavage in plunging sequin frock as she hits the town after charity ball performance Former Pussycat Doll 'They're saying I'm fake and a bad role model': Olivia Newton-John's daughter Chloe Lattanzi suffers from insomnia after being criticized by 'mean girls' Lea Michele and Cara Santana head to the gym in 'twinning' workout gear in West Hollywood Ex Glee star seen with the fiancée of Desperate Housewives star Tobey Maguire snaps up new six bedroom bachelor pad for $13m... after selling $3m Santa Monica home he shared with ex Jennifer Meyer Splashing out John Lennon's furious Beatles breakup letter, in which he pities Paul McCartney because of Linda's 'insane' family and says the band were 'big b*****ds,' sold for $30,000 Pregnant Mila Kunis puts her large baby bump on display in fitted T-shirt after nixing Ashton Kutcher's zany baby name suggestion  Expecting her second kid Kourtney Kardashian and Scott Disick 'are spending Thanksgiving as a family' amid rumours they've moved back in together They have three kids Mommy's night out! Behati Prinsloo leaves Adam and baby at home as she goes casual cool while hitting the town Leaving West Hollywood hotspot Delilah  EXCLUSIVE: 'Becky with the good hair' is KRIS JENNER, claims Beyoncé's hairstylist - and Solange's elevator attack was 'straight up' over another woman PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Wet and wild! Ireland Baldwin poses for sexy shoot wearing nothing but a negligee in the ocean... then shows off her bikini body 'We're not cars, we're people': Cyndi Lauper, 63, bemoans ageism in the media... as fellow iconic singer Debbie Harry, 71, admits - 'I'm guilty of it' Ahoy, mateys! Josh Duhamel and son Axl brandish cartoon-style pirate swords in Beverly Hills He plays a no-nonsense soldier in Transformers This Is Us star Chrissy Metz reveals she is contractually obligated to lose weight over the course of the series... but she's up for it Claims she's 'excited' Well suited! Amy Adams shows how to make work wear chic as she confesses to a huge crush on Leonardo DiCaprio  Speaking in NYC Prince Harry's girlfriend Meghan Markle breaks social media silence as she posts an inspirational quote and thanks her friends for their support  'LOLL!': Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Jonathan Cheban thinks claims Kris Jenner is romancing Scott Disick are hilarious Disappearing act! James Packer is edited out of ex-fiancée Mariah's Carey's reality show trailer as insider claims he was 'supposed to be in the first six episodes' Claire Danes goes make-up free for hand-in-hand stroll with husband Hugh Dancy The couple still looked giddy in love after seven years of marriage Antonio Banderas rocks a biker jacket as he goes hand-in-hand with stunning girlfriend Nicole Kimpel The couple have been dating since 2014 Harry Potter stars Evanna Lynch and Robbie Jarvis split... nine years after starring as Luna Lovegood and James Potter in hit franchise 'The best time of my life!' Amber Rose opens up about her former career as a stripper named Paris... as she spends the day shopping with her son EXCLUSIVE: Former Gakwer CEO Nick Denton still gives his husband a $1,550 monthly allowance despite filing for bankruptcy following Hulk Hogan lawsuit Has he told Kim? Kanye West is booed after going on 40 minute rant in which he revealed he didn't vote - but if he did he would have voted for Trump  Twincredible! As Isla Fisher admits her own family confuse her with Amy Adams - we reveal the other spookily similar celebrity doppelgangers Caitlyn Jenner looks laid-back in jeans while running errands alone  The 67-year-old I Am Cait star juggled her Starbucks holiday coffee cup with other items Gwyneth Paltrow shares eccentric holiday gift guide on Goop, featuring an $8,300 yurt, $120 toothpaste, $165 nipple covers - and even SEX CLUB membership Mick Jagger shakes off his stingy reputation by tipping a waiter a whopping $500 at a Chinese restaurant in New York Splashing out Bella Hadid shows off her slender figure in skinny jeans after being slammed over Nike campaign by Olympian Meryl Davis  Failed to raise a smile 'I have not been honest with myself': Scream actress Bex Taylor-Klaus comes out as gay Live-streamed with fans to talk about it Kesha rocks Metallica 'Damaged Justice' T-shirt for sound check before Miami concert Troubled singer was performing at the Best Buddies Miami Gala Eat, Pray, Love author Elizabeth Gilbert gushes over new girlfriend after their relationship ended her nine-year marriage Left her husband for her best friend Mad, bad... and totally brilliant: Clarkson's new show makes Top Gear look like a burnt-out old banger, says SARAH VINE  The Grand Tour review 'You are too much': Ruby Rose calls The Veronicas' Lisa Origliasso a 'pervert' for watching her get frisky in bed with her twin sister Jessica 'That is a surprise to all of us': Serena Williams sizzles in mesh top while admitting she fancies Justin Bieber over likes of Idris Elba and Zac Efron Thigh's the limit! Kris Jenner hits the town in fishnets, long leather boots and a shimmery mini dress  The 61-year-old went for a youthful look Alec Baldwin takes romantic stroll with wife Hilaria... after revealing he'll RETURN as Donald Trump on tomorrow's SNL Much-anticipated revival! 'He's ruining the holidays!' Mariah Carey is 'working on a heartbreak album' as negotiations with James Packer 'come to a standstill' 'Those dudes get all the attention!' Gilmore Girls' Lauren Graham on how she fell for Peter Krause... despite being 'wary' of his good looks Co-star romance How tall is she? Meryl Streep is dwarfed by Jerry O'Connell and Christopher Reeve's son at NYC event after landing $825,000 per episode TV role FIRST LOOK: Susan Sarandon, 70, is a dead ringer for Bette Davis as she's seen on set of new series Feud about the icon's battle with Joan Crawford Twice as nice! Rebecca Romijn is ageless as always as she has very busy morning of interviews The 44-year-old kicked off at the Today show Make them feel merry AND bright! From a holographic gloss to pearlized polish, shop holiday beauty gifts so shiny, they won't be able to look away 'Giving young girls unrealistic expectations AGAIN': Nike is slammed by critics as campaign star Bella Hadid is branded 'abnormally thin' But my daughter was an equestrian! Yolanda Foster stands up to Olympian Meryl Davis who slammed Bella Hadid for modeling Nike Fired back Diane Kruger is a far cry from her glamorous self as she films scenes for gritty German drama Aus dem Nichts Usually she's perfectly turned out Gwen Stefani is autumn chic in knit white sweater with ripped jeans as she enjoys bonding day with son Apollo Evergreen 47-year-old 'He texts her crazy things all night long!': Kim Kardashian reveals in KUWTK teaser Rob and Chyna's 'awful' fights before Dream was born Uma Thurman looks almost unrecognisable as she showcases new brunette hairdo during break from filming in Barcelona Ditched trademark look Britney Spears flaunts her ample bust and enviably peachy posterior as she strips down to her lingerie for saucy Las Vegas show  It is Sin City after all... Candice Swanepoel puts cleavage on display in lacy top as she cuddles up with newborn son Anacã The 28-year-old model shared adorable selfie A woman's best friend! Mother who battled depression and obesity says a PUPPY pushed her to lose 200LBS and helped her to overcome her mental health issues Awkward! Nicole Kidman reveals Jimmy Fallon rejected her attempts to date him TWICE as she appears on TV with husband Keith Urban Free Brad! Chelsea Handler takes another swipe at 'lunatic' Angelina Jolie joking Pitt is being emancipated rather than getting divorced  Blue hair don't care! Nicole Scherzinger shows off edgy style in skin-tight leather and turquoise top knots as she leads the pack at charity ball Ariel Winter, 18, gets ANOTHER tattoo... and her sister Shanelle, 38, gets one to match  The Modern Family star documented the family inking on Snapchat The kiss was just a kiss! Marc Anthony tries to prove Jennifer Lopez smooch at Latin Grammys was innocent as he puckers up to his pals How will Nick Gordon get $36m? Bobbi Kristina's estate gets a collections lawyer in wrongful death suit - and there could still be a murder charge in case 'Fitness Friday!' Ivanka Trump shares sweet snap of Arabella 'monkeying around' at the gym before heading to the office in a chic monochrome ensemble She wore blue velvet! Amber Rose smoulders in sexy off-the-shoulder top as she enjoys a night out in LA Was showing off some serious shoulder Santa's model helpers! Jourdan Dunn shows off statuesque figure in skin-tight jeans as she joins Martha Hunt for festive celebrations in New York City Transcendental Meditation, targeted workouts, and protein-packed meals: Martha Hunt reveals how she is getting prepared for the Victoria's Secret show Style Swoon: From Eva Longoria's holiday clothing line to Cate Blanchett's rocker-chic leather pants, FEMAIL reveals the fashions we are loving this week Best on our desks: This week, a lotion you apply in the SHOWER, a travel-size cleansing duo and a new way to get rid of blackheads top our beauty picks Carrying Miss Daisy! Olivia Wilde cradles baby daughter in a sling on early morning outing in New York Baby Daisy Josephine couldn't look cosier 'No one noticed!' Isla Fisher reveals she tricked her family by putting Amy Adams on her Christmas card... but can YOU tell them apart?  She wants her body back! Blac Chyna shares topless throwback snap after revealing she's already lost 15lbs ONE week after giving birth Took to Instagram Low-key lovers! Miley Cyrus and fiancé Liam Hemsworth grab a vegan lunch as they enjoy a rare outing together in LA Looked like any couple Jennifer Lopez, 47, dresses her enviably toned and voluptuous figure in THREE gorgeous outfits at the Latin Grammy Awards Pulled out all the stops  Too much, Brandi? Glanville looks worse for wear as she puts on amorous display with megarich new beau outside restaurant Couldn't stop smooching Nothing basic about her! Lisa Rinna wears head-to-toe black as she puts together the perfect travelling ensemble With her daughter in tow 'I have sex with everyone in it!': Eva Longoria reveals her husband refuses to watch Desperate Housewives due to her saucy scenes Lena Dunham goes on a retreat in Arizona seeking 'guidance from the canyon' after Trump's election victory  Posted image of herself in the hills of Sedona Nicole Scherzinger keeps it casual in a black strapless ensemble as she grabs a bite to eat with a male pal in LA Doing low-key chic Working his magic! Eddie Redmayne looks dapper in quirky checked suit as he promotes Fantastic Beasts with his co-stars in China Melania Trump and Barron step out for lunch as a stunned crowd look on, while Donald and older kids get down to business inside Trump Tower  They sure made a beautiful girl! Annette Bening, 58, and Warren Beatty, 79, take their teen daughter to 20th Century Women screening Braless Rita Ora puts on a VERY busty display in a revealing robe as she winds down after filming new movie Wonderwell in Italy Treated fans online Fun in the sun! A glowing Drew Barrymore happily splashes in the surf on Mexican beach getaway Looked happy and relaxed Chantel Jeffries dances in a bikini for her Snapchat followers and unveils new line of holiday wear Justin Bieber's ex lounged about outdoors  Feeling broody? Paris Hilton cradles a baby at Australian press event before being given two packets of cookies from a devoted fan She's touring the country Amal Clooney brands Trump proposals for 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants violations of international human rights law' Lingerie-clad Britney Spears cavorts with Tinashe as they have a sexy sleepover in VERY racy new Slumber Party video Worth the wait! Mama's boy! Jennifer Garner and a dapperly dressed Samuel enjoy some mother son time while the tot's older siblings are at school Little boy is four Today's headlines Most Read 'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down on his attacks on Hamilton as pro-Pence rallies... Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC- threatening years of... Horrific moment a children's hospital in Aleppo is bombed for the second time in a WEEK as workers... What blind trust? Donald Trump meets with Indian business partners and his three children a week AFTER being... Senior officials 'call for the director of the NSA be removed from his position over security lapses' Father-of-three and a nurse engaged to be married are among four people identified as victims of Nevada air... Winter is coming: Storm brings first snow of the season and wind in the Northeast as temperatures dip into... Putin to ask Trump's permission to bomb Syria: Russian ambassador to London says airstrikes are 'diplomacy... 'It was like living in Disneyland': Pablo Escobar's son talks about a childhood of luxury while his drug... 'Call me and talk to me like a man': Kanye West addresses former pal Jay Z in ANOTHER on-stage rant as he... Prince's squabbling siblings put aside their fight over his $300m inheritance to pay tribute to him at the... Donations to the Clinton Foundation plummeted amid Hillary's failed run for the presidency  The almost handshake: Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin photographed in brief exchange at Peru summit - but... FBI arrest 'female kidnapper' after ransom is paid for woman abducted from her Washington home - who STILL... 'My sister staged her engagement to interrupt my vows!' Married couples reveal the shocking ways their... Can YOU spot the odd one out? Only true perfectionists can see the tiny size difference in these sequences  Decorated soldier, 21, is found dead in barracks at Fort Bragg  Indiana city renames Columbus Day and Good Friday to be more 'culturally sensitive' Woman accidentally shot in head at North Carolina gun show after weapon her husband had bought discharged Winter storm causes 340 crashes as it sweeps through Minnesota leaving at least one person dead - as it... Florida surfer, 60, dies fulfilling Southern California dream to ride the waves off Huntington Beach - after... I love you Leonardo ...why have you cut me dead? DiCaprio's brother reveals bitter feud with Hollywood star... Germany's Iron Lady Angela Merkel plans to run for a fourth term as chancellor in next year's election  Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up... Donald Trump goes to church in New Jersey before meeting with Rudy Giuliani, Chris Christie and Hollywood... 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies... Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election... 'Totally one-sided and biased': Donald Trump slams SNL for scathing skit in which Alec Baldwin portrays... White Lives Matter activists clash with anti-Trump protesters in Texas as cops arrest eight MORE HEADLINES Romney sucks it up: 'Choker' Mitt embraces the man he called 'a phony, racist and bigot' in election war-of-words as Trump dangles prospect of White House job during another busy day of transition meetings Percolator protest! Republican voters fight election backlash by telling Starbucks baristas their name is 'Trump' so they have to shout the name when their cup of Joe is ready President-elect attacks Hamilton saying Mike Pence was 'harassed' by 'very rude' cast who stopped the show to confront VP sitting in the audience - while the crowd BOOED him and his family 'So, I heard you went to Hamilton, Mike': Alec Baldwin portrays a clueless President Trump who bullies Pence, asks SIRI about ISIS and holds awkward meeting with Romney in scathing SNL skit  'It made us cry some more': Gold Star family of soldier killed by suicide bomber during Veterans Day run get BOOED by American Airlines first class for delaying flight on way to pick up their dead son's body  'It's highly overrated': President-elect Trump doubles down on his attacks on Hamilton as pro-Pence rallies are held outside theater despite celebrity support for under fire cast Melania and Barron Trump WON'T move to the White House so he can finish school in NYC- threatening years of nightmarish traffic and security checks for shoppers near Trump Tower  Left to paddle to their deaths: Uncle and another man are charged with manslaughter after brothers, six and nine, drowned after being washed over a 70-foot waterfall Strip clubs, drag shows... And the KKK: Troubling politics of the eighties and the era's misfits 'who your mother warned you about', all captured by iconic photographer 'I told her it was OK to close her eyes and go to sleep and I kissed her': Cancer stricken four-year-old who broke the internet's heart after her father posted a photo of her pain and suffering has died, family announce All white for the night! Monaco's Princess Charlene looks radiant as she joins her husband Prince Albert for their annual National Day celebrations  The icy tomb of Britain's frozen teenager: Pictured for the first time, the -196C cryo-tank where body of 14-year-old cancer girl is hung upside down in a £10 sleeping bag with FIVE other corpses German husband who killed his Filipino wife and sliced her body into eight pieces to go on a Thailand sex holiday has been jailed for life  Was new mom MURDERED for her baby? Two arrested in Dallas 'for kidnapping week-old baby they may have passed off as their own after mother was found shot dead'  Mystery as UFO hunter posts images of huge spherical object in front of the Sun that was captured by NASA cameras Meghan goes back to the day job! Prince Harry's actress girlfriend is seen for the first time since leaving London as she arrives on the set of her TV show Suits Blair is back! Former PM announces he is 'returning to British politics' because the Tories are 'screwing up Brexit and Jeremy Corbyn is a nutter' as he prepares to meet with Theresa May  Lover gets stuck inside married mistress while having sex after her husband asked a witch doctor to curse her genitals Trump meets with controversial school reformer Michelle Rhee as she is considered for Secretary of Education in his Cabinet 'Happy holidays from the very gay, very liberal table sitting next to you': Woman pays for one family's dinner and leaves message of acceptance on the receipt after overhearing their homophobic comments Who is deplorable now? Gang of four are charged after 'beating' Trump supporter in horrific attack caught on camera  Amal Clooney claims Trump proposals amount to 'state-sponsored torture and religious tests for immigrants that violate international human rights law' Butt they won! Yale students delay annual football game with Harvard by stripping off  'Go to another country if you don't like Trump': Federal judge at US citizenship ceremony goes on rant defending the President elect Boy paralyzed by a gun shot to the face aged 7, who turned down a $3M payout in exchange for having weapons destroyed and saving others, dies of his injuries 22 years after accident  'He was able to do whatever he wanted': Girl, 13, speaks out after being sexually assaulted on a plane by 'drunk' stranger sitting next to her for 30 minutes Michelle Obama is among thousands who gather to celebrate the life of first female co-anchor Gwen Ifill at a memorial service in Washington Alabama police officer fired over racist Facebook post saying Michelle Obama is ‘fluent in ghetto’ Woman, 27, who admitted to having sex with her dog three times burst into tears after a judge told her she would spend the weekend behind bars MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Find out more... Find out more... Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Syndication Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
null
The Indian Express Nation World Opinion Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos E-Paper Apps RSS Home Compare News Mobile & Tabs Gadgets Science Indian Express Home Home Technology Science SpaceX seeks US approval for Internet-via-satellite network SpaceX seeks US approval for Internet-via-satellite network SpaceX is requesting government approval to operate a massive satellite network that would provide high-speed, global internet coverage By: Reuters | Houston | Published:November 17, 2016 10:34 am SpaceX is requesting government approval to operate a massive satellite network that would provide high-speed, global internet coverage. Private rocket launch service SpaceX is requesting government approval to operate a massive satellite network that would provide high-speed, global internet coverage, according to newly filed documents with the US Federal Communications Commission. The California-based company, owned and operated by technology entrepreneur Elon Musk, has proposed an orbiting digital communications array that would eventually consist of 4,425 satellites, the documents show. The project, which Musk previously said would cost at least $10 billion, was first announced in January 2015. The latest documents, which include technical details of the proposed network, did not mention cost estimates or financing plans. Financial backers of the company, whose full name is Space Exploration Technologies Corp, include Alphabet’s Google Inc and Fidelity Investments, which together have contributed $1 billion to Musk’s space launch firm. The proposed SpaceX network would begin with the launch of about 800 satellites to expand internet access in the United States, including Puerto Rico and the US Virgin Islands, the FCC filings showed. “The system is designed to provide a wide range of broadband and communications services for residential, commercial, institutional, government and professional users worldwide,” SpaceX said in technical documents accompanying its filing. Similar internet-via-satellite networks are under development by privately owned OneWeb and by Boeing Co. Such a system would provide a space-based alternative to cable, fiber-optics and other terrestrial internet access currently available. SpaceX did not say when its launches would occur. The satellites would be launched into orbits ranging from 714 miles to 823 miles (1,150-1,325 km) above Earth. Each satellite, about the size of an average car, not including solar panels, would weigh 850 pounds (386 kg), SpaceX said. SpaceX’s primary business is launching satellites into orbit for government and commercial customers. It also flies cargo supply ships to the International Space Station for NASA. SpaceX rocket launches have been on hold since a Sept 1 launch pad accident that destroyed a $62 million Falcon 9 booster and a $200 million Israeli communications satellite. The company hopes to resume flights next month. Tags: SpaceX Express TechIE Samsung Galaxy S7 Xiaomi Redmi Note 3 Gionee S6 Xiaomi Mi 5 Best of Express 26/11 Stories of Strength presented by The Indian Express, Facebook & Instagram IndiaIndore Patna Express derails: Worst train accident in years kills 121; fractured rail likely cause IndiaPM Modi attacks Mamata Banerjee: 'Those who looted poor's chit fund money are raising finger at me' IndiaIndore Patna Express derailed: Make train journeys safe, PM Modi tells railway officials IndiaMy religion is nobody else's business, says CJI T S Thakur BusinessCentre-state stalemate over GST jurisdiction continues EntertainmentRajinikanth's 2.0 first look launch: I am the villain and Akshay is the hero, says Rajini EntertainmentAamir Khan attends Geeta Phogat's wedding, says Dangal is her gift, see inside pics EntertainmentBigg Boss 10 evicted contestant Karan feels Bani is highly misunderstood EntertainmentRajinikanth’s 2.0 first look launch: Akshay Kumar is up for battle of the year Must Read SportsIndia late show undoes England's defiance in Vizag SportsPV Sindhu wins China Open Series SportsSindhu 3rd Indian to win China Open: Twitter reacts TechnologyApple iPhone 8 to Samsung Galaxy S8: Top smartphones rumoured to launch with bezel-less design TechnologyBeware: WhatsApp group video-calling invite is a scam! TechnologySamsung Galaxy J3 (2017) to launch soon, suggest leaked press renders LifestyleParineeti Chopra, Sonakshi Sinha, Katrina Kaif: Bollywood belles in rocking style for Coldplay's Mumbai concert Nov 20: Latest News Gujarat: Two dead, three injured after cable bridge collapse in Bharuch Last-minute penalty sinks Roma at Atalanta After hat trick, no one better than Cristiano Ronaldo at Madrid derby Pawar attacks Modi govt over demonetisation, bullet train project Opposition to meet on demonetisation tomorrow, Congress issues whip                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2016 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Comm & Energy Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Airbus to announce jetliner sale to Japan's Peach Aviation: sources Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Asia | Thu Nov 17, 2016 | 3:32am EST Airbus to announce jetliner sale to Japan's Peach Aviation: sources Airbus's logo is seen during Japan Aerospace 2016 air show in Tokyo, Japan, October 12, 2016. REUTERS/Kim Kyung-Hoon By Tim Hepher and Tim Kelly | PARIS/TOKYO PARIS/TOKYO Airbus is set to announce an order from Japanese low-cost carrier Peach Aviation, industry sources said, in a move that could help the planemaker narrow a gap with rival Boeing in their race to supply to Asia's No.2 aviation market. The order from Peach Aviation - 39 percent owned by Japan's largest airline ANA Holdings - is expected to cover ten fuel-saving A320neo narrow body airliners and three previous versions of the A320, for $1.3 billion at list prices, said the sources, who did not want to be named as the deal is not public. The European firm has said it will announce a "significant order" at a press briefing on Friday, 0100 GMT. A spokesman for the company in Tokyo, however, declined to comment when asked whether it would unveil an order by Peach Aviation. The deal could be a shot in the arm for Airbus in its race against Boeing in Japan, where the latter is a bigger player with its strong ties to local aerospace firms such as Mitsubishi Heavy Industries that build significant portions of its jetliners. But, barring-last minute changes, the Peach Aviation order will be significantly smaller than some had expected. According to the sources, Airbus has spent months trying to sell dozens of A320neo passenger jets to Peach Aviation. The sources did not say whether the deal would include provisions to later expand the order with more jets. Peach Aviation, which is looking to grow it business by adding new routes in Japan said: "We are considering various options, but have not yet decided on aircraft orders." "I am not currently aware of any plans for us to hold a press conference on Friday," a spokesman for the low-cost carrier said. A spokeswoman for ANA also said that it was unaware of a press briefing on Friday. Peach Aviation began flying in 2012 from Kansai in western Japan and operates 18 single-aisle Airbus A320 planes. It started flying to Tokyo's Haneda airport last year, and plans to open services to Sendai in northeast Japan in the business year starting April and to the northern island of Hokkaido in the following twelve-month period. An order from Peach Aviation will take Airbus nearer to its target to sell 670 planes this year in the global market that is seen as somewhat oversupplied with jets. At the end of October, Airbus was 85 aircraft short of its aim. (Reporting by Tim Hepher in Paris and Tim Kelly in Tokyo; Editing by Himani Sarkar) Next In Asia China says Dalai Lama's Mongolia visit could harm ties BEIJING China urged Mongolia on Sunday to take steps to protect the two countries' relations after the Dalai Lama visited the central Asian country at the weekend, despite Beijing repeatedly voicing its opposition. India's top e-tailer Flipkart eyes groceries; renewed push in furniture BENGALURU India's top e-commerce player Flipkart plans to move into the groceries space and make a renewed push in the online furniture business, as it expands its product portfolio and looks to outmaneuver global giant Amazon.com in a burgeoning Indian market. Fed up with EU, Erdogan says Turkey could join Shanghai bloc ISTANBUL President Tayyip Erdogan was quoted on Sunday as saying that Turkey did not need to join the European Union "at all costs" and could instead become part of a security bloc dominated by China, Russia and Central Asian nations. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories FOCUS 360 Video: Christie’s preps for fall auctions Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertise With Us Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
Close Welcome! Log In|Sign up |Log In|Subscribe Log Out|Manage Your Account Manage Subscriptions E-Edition November 20, 2016 Place an Ad Subscribe Subscriber Services eEdition Advertise With Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Missouri employment reaches all-time high - Dothan Eagle: State Advanced Search Dothan 55° Dothan Eagle Home Contests Newsletter Signup News Business Crime/Court Dothan Progress Editorials Education Government Letters to the Editor Local Sports Alabama Auburn High School Local Recreation Troy Lifestyles Best of Wiregrass Bridal Extravaganza Calendar of Events Faith and values Weddings/Engagements Yardsale Obituaries Videos Jobs Find a Job Employers Join Our Team Autos Find a Car Sell Your Car Homes Sell Your Home Classifieds Amendments Legals Pets Place a Classified Service Directory Yard & Estate Sales Newspaper Ads Special Sections Find Local Home News Ap Missouri employment reaches all-time high Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Wednesday, November 16, 2016 5:48 pm | Updated: 6:15 pm, Wed Nov 16, 2016. Missouri employment reaches all-time high Associated Press | JEFFERSON CITY, Mo. (AP) — Missouri's employment has reached an all-time high. The state Department of Economic Development on Wednesday said nonfarm payroll employment grew by 9,300 jobs in October. 2That's a record high at more than 2.8 million jobs. The state gained close to 51,000 jobs in the past year. Unemployment also dropped slightly from 5.2 percent to 5.1 percent. Outgoing Gov. Jay Nixon praised the employment numbers Wednesday. He also touted Boeing Co.'s Tuesday announcement that the company would move 500 jobs to St. Louis County. © 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. More about General News ARTICLE: Durango to get all winter water from Animas River Cowboys' Romo active as he moves into backup role ARTICLE: Cowboys' Romo active as he moves into backup role Tamir Rice's mother remains frustrated 2 years after death Tamir Rice's mother remains frustrated 2 years after death Discuss Print Posted in Ap on Wednesday, November 16, 2016 5:48 pm. Updated: 6:15 pm. | Tags: General News | Location Tags: Missouri, United States, North America Similar Stories After lengthy drift, Haiti votes for new leader South Dakota poultry producers bounce back from bird flu Kanye West rants about Beyoncé before cutting concert short Iowa man dies 15 years after being injured in shooting Teen on bike struck by Central Texas hit-and-run driver dies Most Read Sheriff Donald Valenza describes search for Amanda Bond Dale County jailer charged with trying to smuggle drugs into jail Amanda Bond's body found two weeks after deputies say she was murdered Four Dothan schools score among best in state on ACT Aspire test UPDATED: LaBrian Stewart fired as Northview head football coach Videos Editor's Picks Will a Trump presidency be good for farmers? While President-elect Donald Trump can’t do anything about the drought, local peanut farmers are “cautiously optimistic” a Trump … Arkansas State blasts No. 25 Troy with strong second half TROY – What began as a defensive slugfest between Arkansas State and No. 25 Troy Thursday ended in a rout thanks to an outstandin… Dothan's Granger inks with AU Equestrian team When she was 8 years old, Terri-June Granger received a horse at Christmas. Monday’s supermoon closest in nearly 70 years You can see the moon bigger and brighter than usual on Monday. National Peanut Festival Parade draws big crowd under mostly sunny skies They made their way toward Main Street, big hands holding little hands, some pushing strollers or pulling wagons. In Case You Missed It < Folklore Brewing creates beer series in military’s honor U.S. Army veteran Brian Brenner said he and his wife, who also serves in the military, stumbled across Folklore Brewing & Meadery during a rec article business Team Alpha Martial Arts Academy blends fitness with education In the center of the room, instructor Kevin Johnson and star pupil Chris Young, a 12-year-old, intently practice maneuvers on the mat in the sport of article local Dante’s Pizza: A family tradition Raffaele Clemente has a very simple motto for running his business. article local Future Masters champ, Alabama star golfer Robby Shelton embraces turning pro Beginning a professional golf career is challenging enough in itself. For former Future Masters champion and University of Alabama standout Robby Shel article local Dancin' Dave now has his own Peanut statue HEADLAND – All due respect to Elvis and the handsome Peanut that bears his likeness in Dothan, but Dancin’ Dave is the King of the Wiregrass. article local > Sections Home News Sports Lifestyles Obituaries Photos Videos Weather Services Contact Us Subscription Rates Submission Forms Site Index Add Search Toolbar Newspapers Enterprise Ledger Jackson Co. Floridan Eufaula Tribune Army Flier Contact us dothaneagle.com dothaneagle.com Phone number: 334-792-3141 E-mail: webmaster@dothaneagle.com Address: 227 N. Oates Street Dothan, AL 36303 Search Search in: All Eufaula Tribune Enterprise Ledger Dothan Eagle Army Flier Photos Video Dothan Eagle, Dothan, AL © 2016 BH Media Group, Inc. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use] Haven’t signed up for All Access yet? Get started here… Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now. Need more information about All Access? Get all of the details here. If you are a current subscriber and haven’t signed up for All Access yet, get started here.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Rewards Advertise Subscribe Submission Forms e-Edition News Local CNMI Pacific Weather Sunday Post Arts & Culture Columns Events Film / TV Food Lifestyle Literature Music News Features Profiles Travel Business Real Estate Technology Stock Market The Globe Philippines/Asia Nation World Forum Editorial Featured Columnists Letters to the Editor Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Odd News Food Community Classifieds Obituaries Event Calendar Sports Local Nation World Multimedia Photo Gallery Timelines Video Gallery From Readers Submit News About Us Contact Us Subscribe Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout e-Edition 82° Few Clouds Barrigada, GU (96913) Today Partly to mostly cloudy with scattered showers and thunderstorms developing in the afternoon. High 87F. Winds ENE at 15 to 25 mph. Chance of rain 40%.. Tonight Variable clouds with scattered thunderstorms. Low 79F. Winds ENE at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: November 21, 2016 @ 2:54 am Full Forecast Search Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Rewards Advertise Subscribe Submission Forms e-Edition News Local CNMI Pacific Weather Sunday Post Arts & Culture Columns Events Film / TV Food Lifestyle Literature Music News Features Profiles Travel Business Real Estate Technology Stock Market The Globe Philippines/Asia Nation World Forum Editorial Featured Columnists Letters to the Editor Entertainment Movies Lifestyle Odd News Food Community Classifieds Place an Ad Obituaries Event Calendar Sports Local Nation World Multimedia Photo Gallery Timelines Video Gallery From Readers Submit News U.S. manufacturing groups urge Trump to think hard about trade threats Reuters Updated Nov 17, 2016 (…) America's manufacturers are urging President-elect Donald Trump to back off from his most threatening trade rhetoric and pursue a more nuanced approach to trade with China and Mexico, avoiding unilateral tariff actions and focusing on negotiations. Corporate lobbying groups, some chief executives and pro-trade lawmakers also say they eventually even hope to persuade Trump that free-trade agreements can help grow the U.S. economy and create jobs. For now, these groups are bracing for higher trade tensions with China and potential changes to the 22-year-old North American Free Trade agreement with Canada and Mexico. Trump has said he would quit NAFTA unless it is renegotiated to his satisfaction and that he would declare China a currency manipulator to force negotiations for better trade terms. His suggestions that his administration could impose 45 percent across-the-board tariffs on goods from China have drawn threats of retaliation by Chinese state media against U.S. soybeans and companies such as Boeing Co. and Apple Inc. "I think it's easy to paint this is a trade war versus nothing," said Scott Paul, president of the Alliance for American Manufacturing, a group representing steel and other basic industries that has argued in favor of tougher trade remedies to combat Chinese imports. "I'm of the belief that there is a lot of space between our current policy and an all-out trade war," Paul said, adding that he would like to see Trump be more proactive on enforcing existing trade rules. Online Poll Do you think the U.S. should abolish the Electoral College system? You voted: Yes, one citizen's vote should not be worth more or less than another's because of where they live. No, minorities and voters in smaller states will be under-represented. Vote View Results Back Forum Congratulations on a successful film festival Post News Staff Updated 49 min ago We offer our congratulations to the organizers, staff and participants on the successful completion of the 6th Annual Guam International Film Festival. The festival attracted more than 200 submissions which were narrowed down to the nearly 60 films from around the world, many from the Asia-P… Read more • Editorials • Featured Columnists • Letters to the Editor Submit Your News We're always interested in hearing about news in our community. Let us know what's going on!Submit Multimedia Multimedia Gallery: Pink Ladies Thanksgiving raffle +6 Nov 18, 2016 (…) +11 Multimedia Gallery: Guam Parole Board convenes Updated Nov 18, 2016 (…) Multimedia Mother Dawn Marie speaks to media Updated Nov 16, 2016 (…) Multimedia Video Summary Sea Surface Microlayer Cruise Nov 11, 2016 (…) Multimedia Falkor BROLL - Saanich Glassy Nov 11, 2016 (…) The Sunday Post Click the front page of our latest Sunday Post issue below to read the e-Edition, FREE! Kids Post Click the Kids Post issue below to check out the free e-Edition! e-Edition Supplements Click the front page of our latest Special Supplement below to read the e-Edition, FREE! Most Popular Articles Images Videos Articles Man accused of stealing $2 at Harmon game room Beating victim requests delay in parole decision Man reportedly threatens, spits on police Victim’s daughter: ‘No parole’ Alleged cockfight brawlers appear in court Rev and Tax: Leon Guerrero owes $3.2M Woman accused of breaking into hotel rooms Feds seize $4.6M in meth Businessman avoids jail after work undercover Court unable to serve Apuron Images Videos Submit an Ad If you're interested in submitting a classified ad, click here.Submit Online Features Pets advertorial Make the Holidays Furry and Bright: Tips for Holiday Travel with Pets Updated Nov 19, 2016 Education advertorial Tips to Land a College Scholarship Updated Nov 19, 2016 Health & Wellness advertorial Tips to Keep Your Family Healthy and Happy this Winter Updated Nov 19, 2016 Real-time Stocks Sections News The Globe Forum Sports Community Multimedia Online Features Services Subscription Services Site Forms Search Contact Information postguam.com 388 S. Marine Corps Drive, Suite 301 Tamuning, Guam 96913 Phone: (671) 649-1924 Email: webmaster@postguam.com Follow Us
null
Connect With Us Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Store Subscribe RSS Newsletter Advertise Contact Us 100-Year Archive Skip to Navigation Skip to Content Aviation Week Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Technology Commercial Aviation Space Defense Business Aviation MRO Connected Aerospace Products & Services Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Advertisement Home > Defense > Combat Aircraft > Canada Weighs Competing Bids For Airborne Training Services You have access to this content through your organization’s enterprise subscription to the Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN). Would you like to go there now? Your choice will be remembered until you close your browser. No, stay hereYes, go to AWIN Canada Weighs Competing Bids For Airborne Training Services Nov 17, 2016 James Drew | Aviation Week & Space Technology EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Related Media These Companies Put Fighter Pilots To The Test Canada is on the cusp of awarding a 10-year contract for airborne training services worth as much as $1.5 billion. Since 2005, the Canadian Armed Forces have employed Montreal-based Discovery Air Defence as the primary provider of aggressor support for their Boeing CF-18 Hornet squadrons, as well as for electronic warfare practice and target towing. That contract is now up for renewal, with Discovery hoping to retain its position against a rival bid from Draken International, which has ... SUBSCRIBE TO ACCESS THIS PREMIUM CONTENT "Canada Weighs Competing Bids For Airborne Training Services" is part of the new Aviation Week & Space Technology subscription, now available online and in our newly launched mobile app.   Current Aviation Week & Space Technology magazine subscribers: online and mobile access are now included at no added charge to you. To read this full article, use your subscriber email to log in to your account (or contact us for assistance in updating your account).     Current Aviation Week Intelligence Network (AWIN) enterprise and individual members: please go to http://awin.aviationweek.com for access.     Not currently a subscriber? Subscribe NOW to our introductory launch special (up to 40% off regular rates), available exclusively at Aviationweek.com. Simply click below to choose your preferred option to receive immediate online and mobile access.     SUBSCRIBE NOW Already registered? Log In here. Print Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles SpeedNews Defense & Space   SpeedNews Defense & Space   ‘Red Air’ Contractors Grow As Industry Builds An Air Force 5   Thales Claims M-Scan Advantages In Crowsnest System   Thales Claims M-Scan Advantages In Crowsnest System   Advertisement Premium Defense Content Trump Picks Former DIA Chief As National Security Adviser  All F-35s Officially Flying Again  U.S. Navy Planning First F-35C Carrier Deployment In 2021  U.S. State Department OKs Boeing Fighter Sales To Kuwait, Qatar  Pentagon Tackles Drone Threat With ‘Hard Kill Challenge’  Rely on Aerospace Daily & Defense Report’s experienced editorial team for compelling daily insight Subscribe Log In Advertisement Special Topics Click to view more Aviation, Aerospace and Defense special topics.   Sep 30, 2015 Sponsored Improving Fleet Performance Sponsored by: Eastman Chemical Company...More Feb 17, 2016 Sponsored Information Management Solutions Sponsored by: Rockwell Collins...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Optimizing Engines Through the Lifecycle Sponsored by: GE Aviation...More Apr 1, 2015 Sponsored Aviation Maintenance and Support Software Sponsored by:IFS...More Special Topics Home Advertisement AviationWeek.com Commercial Aviation Business Aviation Defense MRO Space 100-Year Archive Events Aviation Week Intelligence Network Site Features Subscribe Newsletters RSS Sitemap Mobile site Aviation Week Network About Us Contact Us Advertise Store Follow Us Twitter Facebook YouTube LinkedIn Search AviationWeek.com Search: PISCES Penton Corporate Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertisement Copyright © 2016 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
null
Thanks for checking out our new design, please let us know if you have feedback LAist is a website about Los Angeles View Pretty | Blog Arts & Entertainment Food News Popular Advertising Contact Newsletter RSS Feed Staff Our Cities Chicago London Los Angeles New York City San Francisco Shanghai Toronto Washington DC Students And Faculty Rally To Designate USC As A 'Sanctuary' Campus by Julia Wick in News on Nov 16, 2016 12:04 pm On campus at USC (Photo by Michael Locke via the LAist Featured Photos pool on Flickr) As debate over the future of so-called "sanctuary cities" intensifies across the country, students and faculty at the University of Southern California have jumped into the fray, initiating a campaign to have administrators officially declare USC to be a "sanctuary campus." In an online letter that began circulating Sunday and had almost 5,000 signatures as of Wednesday morning, students and faculty call on the USC President Dr. Max Nikias, USC Provost Dr. Michael Quick, and USC Vice President for Student Affairs Dr. Ainsley Carry to officially designate the school as a sanctuary for undocumented students, staff, and their family members who face imminent deportation. USC's designation as a sanctuary campus would be in following with the City of L.A.'s own role as a sanctuary city. Although there is no exact legal definition for the term, a sanctuary city is essentially a municipality that limits cooperation with federal immigration officials. L.A.'s own designation—which dates back to 1979—stems from a police mandate called Special Order 40, which essentially prohibits LAPD officers from asking about a person’s immigration status. Both Mayor Eric Garcetti and LAPD Chief Charlie Beck have reaffirmed L.A.'s commitment to Special Order 40 in recent days. The USC letter urges that the school moved forward on an unofficial sanctuary designation as "a concrete action that USC can take to support and protect the people within our community who are living in extreme fear and uncertainty." More specifically, they ask that USC guarantee privacy by refusing to release information regarding the immigration status of our students, staff and community members, and that the school refuse to comply with immigration authorities regarding deportations or raids. U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) officials could still legally enter the campus with a warrant, but, as Loyola Immigrant Justice Clinic co-founder Marisa Montes explained to LAist, something like this would "basically be saying ICE can’t just come in and raid the campus." Jody Agius Vallejo, the associate director at USC's Center for the Study of Immigrant Integration, is one of the six faculty members who have taken the lead on the campaign. She told LAist that the effects—which she said are supported by many students, faculty, and alumni who signed the letter as well as student groups on campus—are reflective of a larger movement at research universities across the country, where communities are "pursuing similar strategies to protect undocumented students, staff, workers, their families, and those in our community who are members of mixed-status families." But what does that actually look like? And how much power does a university have to protect its students or community from the laws of the federal government by becoming a "sanctuary campus"? According to USC Gould School of Law Immigration Clinic Director Niels W. Frenzen (speaking as an immigration law expert and not a representative of the University), the power of such a designation would likely be largely symbolic. "That type of political statement carries weight and puts pressure on your political adversaries," Frenzen said. "Symbolism is important. Words matter." It's also significant to remember in this context that USC is not just a top-tier university, it's also the largest private employer in the city, adding to the potential weight of any symbolic decisions. The possible concrete ramifications of a USC sanctuary designation can be understood in two ways: as they apply to students, and as they apply to USC's role as an employer. Since 1987, the U.S. has had federal employer sanctions in place, meaning that every employer in the country is required to check the immigration or citizenship status of employees and to retain that information in their personnel files. Every employer is required to maintain those records. "USC has thousands and thousands of employees," as Frenzen explained. "And the Department of Homeland Security can, at any time, without warrants, come onto campus and inspect those employment records, as it can to McDonalds, or Boeing," he said. "Are there undocumented workers working at USC? Perhaps. But USC could not lawfully hire someone to work without that person producing either proof of U.S. citizenship status or—if they are not a citizen—producing proof of employment authorization issued by the Department of Homeland Security," Frenzen said. [Any undocumented workers would have had to provide false documentation.] But what about for students? Legally, universities are also required to maintain databases on foreign students attending their schools on M-1 (temporary student visa) or J-1 (basic exchange visa) visas. "Post 9-11, schools are required to maintain databases that are shared with the Department of Homeland Security," Frenzen said, explaining that those databases contain biographical information, residence information, and even course enrollment information (including units and the specific courses) for students. "It's not a question of would USC or UCLA share information—they are sharing that information about a certain portion of their students on a 24/7 basis with the Department of Homeland Security, and that's not going to change," he said. "The only way it would change legally is if USC stopped enrolling foreign students." Students not attending on M-1 or J-1 visas, however, fall into a different category: DACA-status holders, undocumented students and permanent residents (i.e. green card holders) are not included in that database, and their information is not shared. "The calls by people for universities to be sanctuary universities, I don't think they are talking about 'Stop sharing information that you are required by law to share with the Canadian students or the Chinese students that are enrolled here,'" Frenzen said. "It's a call to protect the DACA-status holders or undocumented students that might be on campus." Another major component of a potential sanctuary designation for the campus would be protecting students (and employees) from possible U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) raids. As written in the letter, advocates of the designation "have reason to believe that, without the permission of the university, Los Angeles police officers cannot enter its campus. Similarly, ICE officers are subject to restrictions based on a 2011 memo regarding places of worship, schools, and hospitals." Frenzen confirmed that ICE has a standing policy of not engaging in "general enforcement activities on university campuses," but added that "it is just a stated policy that could be changed at any time," and that there are exceptions to it. Clearly, a great deal still remains unknown about what will happen when President-elect Donald Trump takes office, and the extent to which he will actually try and implement his terrifying immigration platform. But the larger point that Frenzen underscores is that a great deal of protections still exist, and one man can't unilaterally undermine them. "It's important to keep in mind that there are laws, and people cannot be legally summarily deported from the United States. They're entitled to hearings in front of judges. The government has to prove that they are deportable. Those procedural due process protections are of a constitutional nature," Frenzen explained, adding that the Supreme Court has found all of this to be protected by the Constitution, and "a new head of Homeland Security can't just ignore that." The Supreme Court could change that down the road, but that would be "years and years away," according to Frenzen. The more pressing threat to undocumented/DACA students is likely financial—if they lose DACA-status in the next year or two, they'll be unable to legally work or to apply for student loans. "If all of those undocumented students are going to have to un-enroll from their courses next year because they can't work legally and they can't obtain student loans, what the hell. We've made this symbolic statement, and then everyone leaves campus in six months or 18 months because they can't afford to be here anymore, that's not very good." "If I was a billionaire and I had a spare million dollars, I could donate a million dollars to USC and direct that it be used as a scholarship fund for undocumented college freshmen," Frenzen said, adding that universities can use their financial resources to ensure that undocumented students can remain at USC if the worst happens. "The definition of a sanctuary campus is one that is still evolving but it goes beyond symbolism," Vallejo told LAist. "It is about sanctuary as protection and sanctuary as resources that will allow various segments of the USC undocumented community to succeed. These are things like guaranteeing funding to our AB540 and DACA students and access to legal assistance for undocumented students, their families, and those in mixed-status families. We see the university as our ally in these efforts." Here's what you need to know right now if you are undocumented in Los Angeles (in English and en Español). Note: This post was updated after publication to include an additional statement from Vallejo about the definition of a sanctuary campus. Contact the author of this article or email tips@laist.com with further questions, comments or tips. Donald Trump ICE immigration undocumented USC Other Interesting Stories Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.   © 2003-2016 Gothamist LLC. All rights reserved. Terms of Use & Privacy Policy.
news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video news tech spaceflight science & astronomy search for life skywatching entertainment video Space.com Spaceflight NASA, Russia Set Flights for Trimmed-Down Space Station Crew By Irene Klotz, Space.com Contributor | November 16, 2016 12:29pm ET MORE Sunlight glints off the International Space Station in this photo taken by an astronaut aboard the space shuttle Endeavour on Feb. 10, 2010. Credit: NASA With Thursday's (Nov. 17) launch of three new crewmembers, the International Space Station (ISS) will be returned to full staffing — but not for long. Beginning with the next Soyuz launch, in March 2017, Russia is cutting one cosmonaut post from the station crew and doesn't plan to restore the job until a new module is launched, in 2018. Cosmonauts typically comprise half the station's six-member crew, but "right now, we don't need it," Sergei Krikalev, a former cosmonaut who now oversees human spaceflight for the Russian space agency, Roscosmos, said in an interview at the International Astronautical Congress, which was held in late September in Guadalajara, Mexico. "The Russian segment hasn't changed much for the last several years," Krikalev said. "When I flew on Expedition 11, I was on the Russian segment and [former NASA astronaut] John Phillips was on the American segment, so it's doable. It's difficult, but it's doable." [Photos: Building the International Space Station] Russia intends to return to full staffing after its long-delayed Multipurpose Module (MLM) is launched. That flight, currently targeted for late next year, is likely to slip to 2018, Krikalev said. "We will need more people when we have more science," he said. Following Thursday's launch of NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson, Russia's Oleg Novitskiy and Europe's Thomas Pesquet, the Russian job cut will leave an empty seat aboard two of the next four crew ferry flights, NASA said on Tuesday (Nov. 15). That seat can't be sold for a space tourist flight, because there would be no return trip for several months. NASA, which plans to add a fourth crewmember once flights from the United States resume, said in an email that the agency is not talking about buying extra seats from Roscosmos at this time. "We are internally evaluating the advantages of an extra U.S. crewmember on orbit and determining the research and extra consumables needed to support the addition. We are also examining available funding," NASA spokeswoman Stephanie Schierholz told Space.com. "We have concluded that a March 2017 option for a crewmember is not practical. There is not sufficient time to train nor sufficient research on board at that time to make effective use of the extra crew time," she added. The decision will leave NASA astronaut Jack Fischer and Russia's Fyodor Yurchikhin flying without a third crewmember in March 2017 for the Expedition 51/52 mission and NASA astronaut Mark Vande Hei flying only with Roscosmos cosmonaut Alexander Misurkin for Expedition 53/54 in September, NASA said in a press release on Tuesday. Two other launches in 2017, scheduled for May and October, will include a third crewmember from the European Space Agency and the Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency, respectively, NASA said.  NASA said it plans to add another member to the station crew once commercial space taxis, currently under development by SpaceX and Boeing, begin flying. The agency said it is hoping those flights begin in 2018. Since the retirement of the U.S. space shuttles in 2011, NASA has been dependent on Russia for station crew transportation, at a cost of more than $70 million per person. In addition to its new science laboratory, Russia plans to add a docking module and a solar-power module to the ISS. All three components could be separated from the station once it is decommissioned, and those pieces will form the core of a new Russian orbital outpost, said Vladimir Solntsev, general director of the Russian space firm RSC Energia. Russia plans to end its participation in the ISS in 2024, Krikalev said.  Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com. Editor's Recommendations Russia's Manned Soyuz Space Capsule Explained (Infographic) International Space Station's Expedition 49 Crew Lands In Kazakhstan | Video NASA's Commercial Crew Program - Timeline | Video Subscribe To SPACE.com Submit Follow Us HomeAbout Us Company Company Info About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Using Our Content Licensing & Reprints Terms of Use and Sale Copyright Policy Privacy Policy Network Top Ten Reviews Tom's Guide Laptop Mag Tom's Hardware Business News Daily Tom's IT Pro Space.com Live Science Active Junky ShopSavvy AnandTech FOLLOW US SUBSCRIBE TO SPACE SUBMIT Copyright © All Rights Reserved.
walesonlineLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Wales News UK News World News Crime Politics Health Nostalgia Education Farming Motors News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Things To Do Family & Kids Food & Drink Comedy Music & Nightlife Theatre Film ShoppingExpand Rugby Football Sport Latest Sport Rugby Football Cardiff City Swansea City Boxing Cricket Ice Hockey Other Sport Sport Opinion Fixtures & Results Fantasy FootballExpand Business Latest Business Business News Commercial Property Personal Finance Appointments Business Opinion FarmingExpand TV News Fun Stuff Homes Food & Drink Quizzes In Your Area North Wales Mid Wales South-East Wales South-West Wales Cardiff Swansea See all locationsExpand Sign in Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Travel Dating Book an Ad BuySell Photos Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Download our e-editions Letters To The Editor Echo Home Delivery Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Media Wales Ltd Home Business Business News Employment Business An aviation business in North Wales is expanding and creating 37 jobs Electroimpact specialises in the manufacture of assembly equipment and tooling  Share  Comments ByChris Kelsey 17:26, 16 NOV 2016 Updated17:26, 16 NOV 2016 Business Electroimpact UK facility on Deeside Enterprise Zone  Share  Comments Get business updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email A manufacturing business is investing £2.8m to expand its operations on Deeside Enterprise Zone in a move that will create 37 jobs. Electroimpact UK specialises in the design, manufacture, maintenance and repair of automated assembly equipment and tooling for the aerospace industry. The investment in a large new high bay assembly facility at Electroimpact’s Technology Park in Hawarden will enable the company to diversify into the manufacture of components for these systems and their installation. It will also provide the capability to handle larger and more complex projects. Read More Medical firm ConvaTec reveal plans to cut Deeside workforce by nearly 100 The investment was secured for Wales with £282,000 business finance from the Welsh Government and will cement its position as the European/Asian regional head office. The expansion could have gone ahead at Electroimpact’s main campus and head office in Mukilteo, Washington, or at its facilities in China or Brazil. Important investment Economy Secretary Ken Skates said: “In the last seven years Electroimpact UK has grown from just 27 employees to 140 and I am delighted the Welsh Government is supporting this latest development that marks a new chapter in expanding its capacity and capability. Ken Skates “The company operates in one of our key economic sectors and this is another important investment for Deeside Enterprise Zone that supports the future growth of the facility and will create high calibre jobs. “Securing this project for Wales also provides a significant boost for the supply chain of 94 local companies which ensures the investment has a considerable impact on the wider economy.” Read More Stealth fighter jet deal to secure and create hundreds of jobs Electroimpact was founded by Peter Zieve in the USA in 1986 with the facility in Wales established in 2000. It is now one of the largest integrator of aircraft assembly lines in the world with a customer base that includes Airbus, Boeing, Kawasaki Heavy Industries, Mitsubishi Heavy Industries, Fuji Heavy Industries, Spirit Aerospace, Vought, Northrop-Grumman, Israeli Aircraft Industries, Xi’an Aircraft of China, Bombardier, and Embraer among others. The rapid and prolonged increase in the global aerospace market has seen demand for aerospace automation and tooling increase significantly with growing interest from the US space rocket and military sectors over recent years with contracts awarded from NASA. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business Newsletter Follow @BusinessinWales Subscribe to our Business newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Ken Skates Welsh Government Employment business all Most Read Most Recent EmploymentWork starts on huge new £40 million Trago Mills megastore coming to Wales The site in the Valleys is the firm's first outside of Cornwall and Devon with work starting after the company acquired the land in the 1990s Business NewsA village in Anglesey is on the market for £110,000 ... but there is one small detail you need to know The model village business, which comes with a cafe, closed after the retirement of the owners TescoTesco villages could be a solution to the housing crisis according to the supermarket Supermarket giant could build hundreds of houses above its stores and car parks in a bid to raise more cash EmploymentBeing paid early in December is not as great as you might think Many companies bring forward wages to help employees have more money for Christmas, but this is not always a good thing PontypriddA Valleys coach company has been named the best in Britain The Llantwit Fadre-based family-run business took the title at the Route One Awards Business NewsA village in Anglesey is on the market for £110,000 ... but there is one small detail you need to know The model village business, which comes with a cafe, closed after the retirement of the owners EmploymentBeing paid early in December is not as great as you might think Many companies bring forward wages to help employees have more money for Christmas, but this is not always a good thing Mark DrakefordWelsh Government calls on Westminster to end austerity to help growth in Wales In a letter to the Chief Secretary to the Treasury, Finance Secretary Mark Drakeford has set out Wales' priorities for the Autumn Statement TescoTesco villages could be a solution to the housing crisis according to the supermarket Supermarket giant could build hundreds of houses above its stores and car parks in a bid to raise more cash The BudgetNext week's Autumn Statement provides a chance for the Chancellor to help Wales, but will he deliver? Businesses and politicians will be looking out for any measures that can help boost the Welsh economy Most Read Most Recent Wales NewsFather missing after last being seen going out to pick up his wife He left his home this morning and no one has seen him since Gareth BaleReal Madrid fans outraged as Gareth Bale appears to have eyes gouged in Madrid derby The Welsh superstar was playing for Real against local rivals Atletico Madrid when Juanfran appeared to stick his fingers in Bale's eyes Wales weatherMany parts of Wales wake up to snow as numerous flooding problems also hit the country It was a very busy night for the emergency services Wales weatherHomes flooded and people evacuated after torrential rain hits Wales The floods are said to have had "devastating" effects Wales Rugby TeamWRU bosses cannot hide amid this crisis - and they could do worse than ask Graham Henry to sort it out Mark Orders argues fresh ideas and a different voice in the dressing room are a must if Wales are to emerge from their present slump Wales weatherThese pictures show the aftermath of the flooding which hit Welsh homes Maesteg suffered the brunt of the terrible weather CardiffPicture captures the dramatic moment car bursts into flames on busy Cardiff road A fire crew attended to extinguish the fire Merthyr TydfilHundreds of supporters turn out in Merthyr to raise cash for Macmillan Cancer Support Jeff Banks hosted a fashion show at Merthyr Tydfil Leisure Centre where he took charge of the catwalk Wales weatherMet Office issues severe weather warning for Wales with heavy rain and 50mph winds forecast The Met Office is warning of localised flooding and disruption to transport Sam WarburtonThe adorable little girl motivating Wales captain Sam Warburton through a troubled autumn campaign It's not been an easy few weeks for the Wales skipper as the team struggles to hit the right note Top Stories Wales weatherHomes flooded and people evacuated after torrential rain hits Wales The floods are said to have had "devastating" effects Wales weatherMet Office issues severe weather warning for Wales with heavy rain and 50mph winds forecast The Met Office is warning of localised flooding and disruption to transport Wales NewsFather missing after last being seen going out to pick up his wife He left his home this morning and no one has seen him since Wales weatherMany parts of Wales wake up to snow as numerous flooding problems also hit the country It was a very busy night for the emergency services Wales Rugby TeamThe Wales team that should be picked in the final autumn Test Welsh performances have regressed under Howley and he simply must get it right against South Africa Gareth BaleFans outraged as Gareth Bale appears to have eyes gouged The Welsh superstar was playing for Real against local rivals Atletico Madrid when Juanfran appeared to stick his fingers in Bale's eyes Wales Rugby Team'I've never felt more dispirited and turned off by a Wales victory' the damning media verdict on Wales' win against Japan Wales have been criticised after their last-gasp victory against Japan, with the Brave Blossoms earning rave reviews CrimeLocked Up: Murderers, city centre rapist and a stalker all jailed in Wales this week These are the faces of the criminals sent to prison for various crimes Shirley BasseyDame Shirley Bassey donated a glamorous gown on a visit to the Royal Welsh College of Music and Drama A studio at the college is also to be named after the Cardiff music legend Wales Rugby Team'Wales' coaches and players should be ashamed of yet another abysmal performance' The legend of the Wales front row has given a stinging verdict on what was an afternoon of major struggle for Rob Howley's side Wales Rugby TeamWales are 'a mixed bag of total confusion' and it's amazing they could get three wins this autumn Welsh rugby's one and only King highlights how Wales' play has become 'standardised' and says they should have seen off Japan with more to spare Black FridayBlack Friday craze will fade in 'four to five years', says business expert Professor Brian Morgan has said people treat the day 'like Halloween', but that will soon fade out as they opt for online buying News What's On Sport Business Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Download our e-editions Letters To The Editor Echo Home Delivery Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy RSS Feeds © 2016 Media Wales Ltd This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay

CLOSE × Autoblog Alerts You don't have any subscriptions. Look for the around the site to subscribe to the topics of your choice. Autoblog Alerts Want to get notified as soon as we write about the topics you're interested in? Click here to sign in and then look for the around the site to subscribe to those topics. Autoblog Alerts Thanks for subscribing to Autoblog Alerts! As content is published, we'll send it right to you. If you ever need to make changes, you can manage your alerts by clicking MANAGE below. Fetching your alerts. Please wait... Manage New Cars New Cars Hub Models & Styles Car Buying Guides Car Finder Compare Cars Best Deals Dealer Directory Car Loans Research Tools For Sale For Sale Hub Cars for Sale Calculators Certified Pre-Owned Book Values Rebates & Incentives News & Reviews News & Reviews Hub Autoblog Reviews Owner Reviews Auto Shows Photos News by Make News by Category Press Releases News Archive Ownership Ownership Hub Recalls Safety Repair & Maintenance Repair Shops Gas Prices Sell Your Vehicle Insurance Insurance Quotes Videos Videos Translogic The List Car Club USA Autoblog Details Autoblog Wrenched Short Cuts Autoblog Minute Store Car Care Oils & Fluids Performance Tools More Parts & Accessories + Specs & Reviews Cars for Sale Specs & Reviews Select a Make Select a Model Go Specs & Reviews Cars For Sale Select a Make Select a Model Go or Select a Style Convertible Coupe Crossover Hatchback Hybrid Luxury Minivan Sedan SUV Performance Truck Van Wagon New Used Certified Pre-Owned CPO Select a Make Select a Model Go Shop Specs / Reviews For Sale This page is for personal, non-commercial use. You may order presentation ready copies to distribute to your colleagues, customers, or clients, by visiting http://www.autobloglicensing.com Green Green Nov 16th 2016 at 11:16AM Add Subscribe Alaska Airlines flies passengers using wood-based biofuel The isobutanol blend used cellulose from logging industry waste wood. facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License John Beltz Snyder On Monday, an Alaska Airlines flight took off in Seattle and touched down in Washington, DC. As it flew, fossil fuels made from material that sat in the ground for millions of years burned, as they do every day in our travels. This flight used fewer fossil fuels than it normally would have, though, as the jet fuel was blended with 20 percent isobutanol, which began its life in forests of the Pacific Northwest. As trees were cut down for various uses, branches and other unusable pieces of woods were diverted from their usual fiery fate, and the cellulose in the wood was converted into the biofuel isobutanol. 1,080 gallons of that renewable fuel then helped move a plane full of people across the country. The flight marks the first time a commercial airline has flown passengers using the tree-based fuel. Leading up to this single air trip was $39.6 million in research funding and five years of work by the USDA's National Institute of Food and Agriculture, Washington State University, and the Northwest Advanced Renewables Alliance. With the number of air travelers expected to double over the next 20 years, airlines need to find a way to accommodate those extra passengers while adhering to emissions guidelines. Airlines are turning their attention to renewable fuels. In 2011, ASTM International, which develops technical standards for various industries, approved the use of up to 50 percent biofuel blends in commercial and military aircraft. In recent years, we've seen United Airlines invest in alternative fuel company Fulcrum Bioenergy and FedEx buying millions of gallons of fuel from Red Rock Biofuels. Virgin Atlantic flew its first biofuel flight in 2008. Boeing's been exploring algal biofuels and renewable diesel for a while, too. While Alaska Airlines isn't the first to use alternative fuels in air travel – the same airline used corn-based biofuel in previous tests – this flight demonstrates yet another, more sustainable alternative to fossil fuels. "This is just one flight today," says Joe Sprague, Alaska Airlines senior vice president for communications and external relations. "But can you imagine if all of our flights out of Sea-Tac were operating with 20 percent of their fuel sourced from biofuels? That would be the equivalent of taking 30,000 cars off the highways here in the Seattle region." Now, the challenge is reigning in the cost of alternative jet fuels. The supplier for the Alaska Airlines flight, Gevo, hopes to get the price of isobutanol between $3.50 and $4.50 a gallon by the end of the year. Related Video: News Source: Christian Science Monitor, Geekwire, Alaska Airlines Create alerts for any tag below Subscribe Etc. Green Alternative Fuels Transportation Alternatives Commercial Vehicles alaska airlines aviation biofuel biofuel isobutanol jet fuel renewable fuels facebook twitter google+ email reddit linkedin pinterest License License I'm reporting this comment as: Rude or offensive Not constructive / off-topic Sexual content Spam or misleading Other Reported comments and users are reviewed by Autoblog staff 24 hours a day, seven days a week to determine whether they violate Community Guideline. Accounts are penalized for Community Guidelines violations and serious or repeated violations can lead to account termination. Submit Login Logout Post Reply 1 Second Ago Read All 0 Delete Report Reply Trending Here are the least-reliable vehicles in America 2018 Jeep Wrangler: Everything we know Is it time to buy a Pontiac Aztek? Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Most and least efficient car companies Tesla Model S gets $2,000 price increase Here are the least-reliable vehicles in America 2018 Jeep Wrangler: Everything we know Is it time to buy a Pontiac Aztek? Fastest-depreciating cars in the United States Most and least efficient car companies Tesla Model S gets $2,000 price increase Follow Us Tesla self-driving demo shows you what the car sees Buick Velite Plug-In Hybrid Concept debuts to little fanfare Hyperloop One settles lawsuit with former employees View More From Our Partners You May Like Links by Zergnet Shop Books The Toyota Way: 14 Management Principles from the World's Greatest Manufacturer How Cars Work How To Weld (Motorbooks Workshop) Auto Repair For Dummies Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Parts & Accessories LED Light Bar Nilight 4PCS 4 Inch 18W LED Bar 1260lm Spot Led Off Road Driving Lights Led Fog Li... TEKTON 5941 Digital Tire Gauge, 100 PSI Mpow CD Slot Car Mount, Universal Cell Phone Holder with Three Side Grips for iPhone 7/6s/6 plus,... OxGord Microfiber Cleaning Cloth " 32pc Pack Bulk - Duster Rag Sponge for Car Wash Auto Care Thic... Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Merchandise DROK 100230 Micro Voltmeter Digital Voltage Panel Meter DC 12V 0.28" 2-wires Volt Monitor Waterpr... Automotive Computer Codes: Electronic Engine Management Systems (Haynes Repair Manuals) DC 24v to DC 12v Step Down 15A 180W Truck Car Power Supply Adapter Converter Reducer Regulator fo... 20 AMP 100pc ATM MINI FUSES BLADES FUSE 20A CAR TRUCK BOAT UP TO 32V MARINE ETC Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Shop Movies Country Trunk Restoration [VHS] Special Transport High Wide and Handsome After the Storm Movies Merchandise Parts & Accessories Books Consumer Resources Compare Top Models Choose up to 3 vehicles to compare side-by-side on price, features, performance, cost of ownership and more. Advanced Driver Assistance Systems (ADAS) Guide to the latest ADAS offerings, including Blind Spot Monitoring, Turn Assist, Backup Collision Warning and more. Local Car Dealers Find car dealers by make and location. Videos Jay Leno and McDreamy drive a classic 911 2.7 RS on a racetrackWatch Video Riding along in the new Chevrolet Colorado ZR2 at the LA Auto ShowWatch Video We obsessively covered the 2016 LA Auto ShowWatch Video A look back on the final season of Top Gear with Clarkson, Hammond, and MayWatch Video Drive a Land Rover Defender | The List #0166Watch Video Mazda RT24-P brings KODO style to the Rolex 24 at DaytonaWatch Video Subaru Viziv-7 Concept is AWD done XXLWatch Video 2018 Mercedes-AMG E63S cranks 603 horsepower, hits 60 in 3.3 secondsWatch Video Porsche Panamera lineup now includes long-wheelbase models and a new base V6Watch Video Hands-on with Acura's novel touchpad infotainment interfaceWatch Video × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Select one or more topics to subscribe to: Etc. Etc. Green Green Alternative Fuels Alternative Fuels Transportation Alternatives Transportation Alternatives Commercial Vehicles Commercial Vehicles alaska airlines alaska airlines aviation biofuel aviation biofuel biofuel biofuel isobutanol isobutanol jet fuel jet fuel renewable fuels renewable fuels Select one or more of the following methods to receive alerts: Email Instant Daily Weekly This email address will be used for all of your alerts. On Site Text This phone number will be used for all of your alerts. Msg&Data rates may apply. Manage Clear × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Thanks! Your alerts preferences have been saved. Manage Close × Add New Alerts Signed in as  | Sign Out Verify Phone Number You must verify your phone number in order to begin receiving text alerts. We will send a verification code shortly to your phone via text. Enter it below and click "Verify". Didn't receive a code? Resend it Verify Cancel Help Sitemap About Us Widgets Contact Tip Us Feedback Licensing Our Apps Autoblog 360 Autoblog iPhone Autoblog Apple TV Autoblog VR Podcasts On iTunes Archives Advertising About Ads Advertise With Us Legal Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks © Copyright 2016 AOL Inc. All Rights Reserved × Login Please login using one of the following services: Share This Photo X Facebook Twitter Google+ Email Reddit Linkedin Pinterest X Login Please select an option before voting. Okay
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics CRM ANF Best Investments 2017 Trade of the Day Dependable Dividends Best ETFs More Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Apple Inc. Stock Bounces Back After China Concerns Wane (AAPL) Tech stocks continue to feel the election shock waves By Michelle Jones, ValueWalk  |  Nov 16, 2016, 10:00 am EST     View All   Popular Posts: Facebook Inc Warning: Slower Growth Means Lower FB Target Price Apple Inc. Stock Bounces Back After China Concerns Wane (AAPL) Walt Disney Co’s Decline Is A Buying Opportunity (DIS) Recent Posts: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Shares Slump As Sales Miss Estimates (WMT) Here’s Why Target Corporation is Still a Buy (TGT) Walt Disney Co’s Decline Is A Buying Opportunity (DIS) View All Posts Apple Inc. (AAPL) stock slipped on Monday after China threatened to cut iPhone sales if President-elect Donald Trump slaps it with the hefty tariffs he said he would impose while on the campaign trail. However, the iPhone maker’s shares were quick to bounce back on Tuesday. Analysts were quick to consider the ramifications for tech companies, including Apple, thanks to Trump’s surprise victory in the race for the White House. Apple Stock, Other Tech Stocks Bounce Back In addition to Apple stock, investors were also dumping Facebook Inc (FB), Alphabet Inc (GOOGL), Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) and other technology companies and rotating into utilities and financial stocks in the wake of the election. The sectors are seen as being possible beneficiaries of Trump’s planned deregulation and increases in spending on the nation’s infrastructure. Apple stock extended its post-election declines on Monday after a Sunday report from China’s state-run Global Times which warned that Beijing would retaliate if Trump follows through with his threat of a 45% tariff on Chinese imports. The Chinese media outlet’s op-ed piece declared that some orders previously allotted to Boeing Co (BA) would be diverted to Airbus, while U.S. car and iPhone sales in China would also fall and imports of corn and soybeans from the U.S. would be stopped. On Tuesday, however, Apple stock rallied, climbing 1.32% to close the regular trading hours at $107.11—still lower than where the shares were trading before the election, but an increase, nonetheless. 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 But the question becomes, what happens if China really cuts iPhone orders? Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2016/11/apple-inc-stock-bounces-back-after-concerns-that-trump-wont-get-along-with-china/. ©2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Best Mutual Funds for 2017 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office 5 Retail Stocks That May Not Be Around Next Christmas 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement 3 Best Mega-Cap Tech Stocks to Buy on a Dip Will Apple iPhones Be Made in the USA? Comments are currently unavailable. Please check back soon. ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks The 10 Best Mutual Funds to Buy for 2017 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office 5 Retail Stocks That May Not Be Around Next Christmas 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement The 3 Best Mega-Cap Tech Stocks to Buy on a Dip Most Popular Most Commented 7 A-Rated Healthcare Stocks to Buy Before Trump Takes Office The 10 Best Mutual Funds to Buy for 2017 The 10 Best Growth Stocks to Buy for 2017 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks That Will Stay Strong for Retirement 10 Best Cheap Stocks to Buy Now Under $10 The 7 Best Dividend Stocks to Buy for 2017 S&P 500 Seeing Some Consolidation Dow Jones Continues Charging Ahead 3 Naked Puts to Generate a $1000 in Holiday Cash Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock Could Soar on … Google Maps? Trade of the Day: Array BioPharma (NASDAQ:ARRY) Poll of the Day View and vote in our How do you think the U.S. economy will do under Donald Trump's presidency? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2016 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Contact SFGate Customer Support Submissions & Tips Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants News Bay Area & State Education Traffic Nation World Politics Crime Election Results Obituaries Smell the Truth Donald Trump's mock assassination draws ire at Texas high school Wet weather to continue through Thanksgiving George Takei speaks out on Trump, internment terror South Korean prosecutors say leader conspired with her friend Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors The next Big Game thing? Stanford, Cal e-sports teams compete at Cal’s Webb sums it up: ‘It sucks losing to your rival’ Durant goes down, but gets back up Warriors barely survive Bucks, 124-121 Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Dolby opens private cinema test lab on Market Street Trump win could spell the end of FCC net neutrality regulations Fired Wyndham time-share-fraud whistle-blower gets $20 million Pro-Trump bots overwhelmed pro-Clinton messages, researchers say Entertainment The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events Puzzles TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Solange, ‘A Seat at the Table’ review The latest from Dear Abby Classical music for the holiday season With “Fantastic Beasts,” Potter formula does the trick again Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Sabra recalls hummus over listeria fears Bar Agricole’s Melissa Reitz out as executive chef, Sriracha-themed Lexus is one hot custom car Revival at the Applewood Inn: The 3-star review that wasn’t Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Ice, Ice Baby: Where to get your skate on How to throw an unforgettable holiday party Fewer U.S. parents are spanking their kids 14 fresh ways to mix vintage style into a modern home Travel Destination BC Whistler Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Exotic Destinations Snow Suite Spot: Madeline Hotel and Residences, Telluride Gear Review: Eagle Creek International Carry-On Suite Spot: Chaminade Resort & Spa, Santa Cruz Insider: Guidebook author’s Santa Cruz favorites Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: Artistic flair radiates through remodeled condo in Gutted Bernal Heights Victorian turned Contemporary view home awaits in Cow Hollow See the Sea Cliff mansion with cliffside hot tub and Golden Gate Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1957 Ford Thunderbird Are smaller, basic trucks even made anymore? An Artfully Performing SUV 1955 Beardmore Taxi Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Get another perspective of the salary issue Know why you need to develop self-awareness Shape up your resume to open more doors of opportunity Know how to ace an executive interview Video Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Thomas Lee Matier & Ross C.W Nevius Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler The ultimate NorCal brewery map Top 100 Restaurants Warriors show their style off the court MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/article/5-California-Things-to-Know-for-Today-10617925.php 5 California Things to Know for Today The Associated Press Published 7:05 am, Wednesday, November 16, 2016 Your daily look at late-breaking California news, upcoming events and the stories that will be talked about today: 1. UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA STRIKES Electricians, plumbers, other workers at UCLA, UC San Diego plan separate one-day walkouts to demand higher wages. 2. GPS SERIAL KILLINGS Opening statements expected in trial of Orange County sex offender charged with raping, killing while wearing tracking device. 3. ANTHONY BROOKLIER Prominent Los Angeles lawyer whose clients included "Hollywood Madam" Heidi Fleiss and his own mob-boss father dies at 70. 4. BOEING 1,600 positions in Huntington Beach will move to plants in other Southern California locations as aerospace giant consolidates. 5. NFL IN MEXICO American football returns to Mexico when Texans face Raiders in regular season game Nov. 21 at sold-out Azteca Stadium. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. WEEKEND WEATHER Wet weather to continue through Thanksgiving Check the latest radar and forecast Latest News SNL mocks in-over-his-head Donald Trump Popular hummus brand recalled over listeria fears SF scrambles to protect sanctuary city status 115 dead as train derails in India; some still trapped Major injuries reported in 4-car crash at Berkeley curve Santa Cruz County deputy shoots, kills man Warriors barely survive Bucks, 124-121 Spike in hate puts Bay Area Muslim students on guard Gold Star family of slain California soldier booed on flight Gold Star dad Khizr Khan rips Trump: 'This isn’t your America' Beastie Boys' memorial park defaced with pro-Trump graffiti SF leaders on hate crimes: ‘The fear in the community is... A look inside Amazon before Black Friday An unlikely store is expected to crush Black Friday For 2nd day, Trump demands apology from 'Hamilton' Trump mock assassination draws ire at high school ‘Unprecedented’: More than 100 million trees dead Wet, windy weather to continue over holiday week Today's Gate Features Abandoned Coca-Cola mansion could become a boutique hotel The 49ers' most disappointing players of 2016 Bo Derek celebrates her 60th birthday, still looks stunning SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored How to add 200GB of storage to your Macbook, minus the bulk These smartphone-controlled lightbulbs change colors with a... Most Popular 1 Garrison Keillor: Life after the election 2 ‘SNL': Alec Baldwin’s Donald Trump is in way over his head 3 Gold Star family of slain California soldier booed on flight 4 Sabra recalls hummus over listeria fears 5 An unlikely type of store is expected to defy the curse... 6 Trump again slams 'Hamilton'; Pence says he wasn't offended 7 Cute 'polar bear petting dog' video questioned after dog eaten 8 Update: Major Injuries Reported In Four-Car Crash At Berkeley... 9 Minerva's Sunday Horoscope: 11/16/16 10 ‘Unprecedented’: More than 100 million trees dead in... Latest News SNL mocks in-over-his-head Donald Trump Popular hummus brand recalled over listeria fears SF scrambles to protect sanctuary city status 115 dead as train derails in India; some still trapped Major injuries reported in 4-car crash at Berkeley curve Santa Cruz County deputy shoots, kills man Warriors barely survive Bucks, 124-121 Spike in hate puts Bay Area Muslim students on guard View Comments © 2016 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Member Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Local News Opinion Business Sports Login Subscribe Login Subscribe Home Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us E-Edition Apps & Mobile Newsletters Subscribe Contests About Us News News Beaufort Gazette Bluffton Packet Special Reports Databases Local Traffic Crime & Public Safety Business Politics & Elections Military South Carolina Nation & World Lottery Results Blog: Untamed Lowcountry Photo blog: Lowcountry Lens Sports Sports College Golf RBC Heritage Recreation High School MLB NFL NBA Outdoors Columnists Jeff Shain Cast & Blast Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Business Real Estate Technology Full Stock Listings Market Summaries Mutual Funds Treasury Rates New Employee/Promotion Form New Business Owner Form Living Living Celebrations Religion Food & Drink Family Outdoors Holidays Columnists Lowcountry Gardening Made With Love Faith in Action Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Local Events Events Calendar Holidays & Seasonal Horoscopes Comics Puzzles & Games Columnists Mindy Lucas Opinion Opinion Editorials Other Views Readers Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter National Voices Editorial Cartoons Columnists David Lauderdale Liz Farrell Obituaries Local Deals Classifieds Classifieds Legal Notices Special Sections Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Rentals Place An Ad RBC Heritage Playlist facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:36 Tiny Homes of Hilton Head Pause 1:10 Overflow crowd for Rev. Ben Williams funeral service 0:38 'Now not a good time to be flying around' on local waterways 2:38 Beaufort County Superintendent criticized for proposing new hire to improve communication 0:42 Pamela Cohen on Hurricane Matthew 0:39 What kind of damage did the Shrimp Shack see from Hurricane Matthew? 1:09 Woman, family spent 7 hours in traffic jam trying to reenter after Hurricane Matthew 1:09 Hilton Head Hospital employee still trying to reach island 0:56 SC Highway Patrol barricades US 278 from residents returning during evacuation 1:22 High school football: Swansea at Bluffton Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Harbour Town Golf Links brings in full-size replacements for trees lost during Hurricane Matthew Nov 16, 2016 Sea Pines Resort tree consultant Gary Mullane describes the process, on Nov. 15, 2016, as a crew from Huntsman Tree Suppliers, of Lake City, Fla., places a 45-foot-tall, 10-ton live oak tree along the 10th fairway of Harbour Town Golf Links. The tree is one of 19 mature live oaks and loblolly pines being planted around the golf course to replace those lost in Hurricane Matthew. Mullane estimated that, in total, Harbour Town Golf Links -- which reopened for play on Nov. 9 -- lost nearly 300 trees to the storm. Jay Karr The Island Packet More Videos 1:44 Harbour Town Golf Links brings in full-size replacements for trees lost during Hurricane Matthew 0:13 RBC extends Heritage and Canadian Open 0:45 Stars of the 48th RBC Heritage 1:03 Kids who dressed better than adults at RBC Heritage 1:16 When is it OK to wear white? 0:24 Boeing 787 Dreamliner flies over 18th hole during 2016 Heritage 0:51 Two ladies who love RBC Heritage 0:40 Despite unseasonable weather, Honey Horn buzzing for Heritage on Friday 1:24 RBC Heritage announcer recalls a couple of memorable flubs 0:21 Thousands taking advantage of Coligny shuttle for Heritage 0:24 Chappell feels good about his lead at RBC Heritage 0:53 Will today's weather stop play at the RBC Heritage? More Videos RBC Heritage When is it OK to wear white? Hundreds of women were spotted wearing white pants at RBC Heritage April 13-16, 2016. Is the "no white before Memorial Day" dead and gone? Women at RBC Heritage give us the lowdown on southern fashion trends. RBC Heritage Boeing 787 Dreamliner flies over 18th hole during 2016 Heritage A flyover at the 18th hole featured a Boeing 787 Dreamliner on Saturday, April 16, 2016 during the RBC Heritage Presented by Boeing in Sea Pines on Hilton Head Island. RBC Heritage Two ladies who love RBC Heritage Madie Sync and Caroline Bradford Daniels have been attending RBC Heritage for several decades and are filled with tales told in plaid. RBC Heritage Despite unseasonable weather, Honey Horn buzzing for Heritage on Friday On a blustery Friday afternoon, with rain in the forecast, RBC Heritage-goers nevertheless were filling up the wide swaths of land at Coastal Discovery Museum at Honey Horn to catch shuttles to the tournament, at Harbour Town Golf Links in Sea Pines. Heritage fans we spoke with were trying to keep any thoughts of heavy rain -- and with it possible stuck vehicles -- out of their celebratory thoughts. RBC Heritage Thousands taking advantage of Coligny shuttle for Heritage A shuttle attendant at Coligny Beach's public parking lot said Friday that more than 1,100 people rode shuttles from Coligny on Thursday, April 14, 2016, round one of the RBC Heritage Presented by Boeing. One woman we spoke to Friday, who lives in Shipyard, said she chose not to go the the tournament last year as she didn't want to drive to Honey Horn on the north end of Hilton Head Island, to hop on a shuttle that would take her right back to the south end. RBC Heritage Chappell feels good about his lead at RBC Heritage Kevin Chappell shares lead after 3-under 68 at the RBC Heritage Presented by Boeing on Friday, April 15, 2016 in the second round at Harbour Town Golf Links in Sea Pines on Hiilton Head Island. RBC Heritage Will today's weather stop play at the RBC Heritage? Stewart Williams, the PGA Tour on-site meteorologist, talks on Friday, April 15, 2016 about what weather conditions might cause rules officials to suspend play during the RBC Heritage Presented by Boeing at Harbour Town Golf Links in Sea Pines on Hilton Head Island. RBC Heritage Golf pro Ben Crane helps Hilton Head student with prom proposal at RBC Heritage Golf pro Ben Crane helped 18-year-old Matt Lehman invite his girlfriend, Kaera Handy, to the Hilton Head Christian Academy prom at RBC Heritage presented by Boeing on April 14, 2016. RBC Heritage RBC Heritage Sir Willie stays in character, no matter his age Sir William Innes, goodwill ambassador to the RBC Heritage Presented by Boeing, may have gotten younger for the annual PGA Tour golf tournament played on Hilton Head Island, but stays in character. File footage courtesy of WHHI TV. RBC Heritage Luxury bags of RBC Heritage: A Hollywood story Did you see people sporting some super chic clear bags at RBC Heritage this weekend? Dominie and Gregg Brazzel are the masterminds behind the bags, and they have quite the Hollywood story. Sports Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter Instagram Youtube Google+ Advertising Information Place a Classified Find&Save Local Shopping Special Sections Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
